nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-06-02	What'd you think?
2	King Kev.	2013-06-02	I cried.
3	Javi Marcos	2013-06-02	10 out of 10.
They nailed it.
4	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-06-02	An absolute 10....I almost shed a tear it was so powerful.
5	Lany Cassandra	2013-06-02	10 and I am still crying
6	Zarco	2013-06-02	Im still shaking.
7	Lord Godric	2013-06-02	I feel nearly as awful as I did reading it, just empty and..man.
Michele Fairley's performance was beyond great.  i hope they bring her back soon as Stoneheart and I'll root for her until the end.
8	Batavian	2013-06-02	Very good! A 10.
					
					
							Edited by Batavian, 03 June 2013 - 04:57 AM.
9	TakuaDE	2013-06-02	Can't believe it ._. , the best episode of the season.
10	Greyjoy67	2013-06-02	So glad they nailed. So glad.
And yet, I almost didn't want it to happen. Feel like I still need to compose myself. The Talisa death actually added emotional weight to it, rather than make me cringe. It was just perfect.
Perfectly horrible. 
God, I almost never want to watch that again.
11	Hound Dog	2013-06-02	Well worth the wait. Fantastic! So glad the wedding/feast scenes weren't rushed.
10.
Even Bran's scenes this week were great! So long, Rickon... kid's not a bad actor!
12	pytri993	2013-06-02	Speechless.
13	Zman1863	2013-06-02	A superb portrayal. Quite stirring even though I went in knowing what would happen.
14	Table8	2013-06-02	I feel sick.  It was worse seeing it happen on screen than reading about it.  They really nailed it.  Talisa's death was just so gruesome.
15	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	I cried too but the TV show really did not do justice to the intensity of the Red Wedding in the books! The lack of drums and a cacophony of sounds was the biggest issue for me...Also no greywind acting weird/No Catelyn insisting on being fed bread as soon as they come! Nothing..Expected so much more
16	yushkevsh	2013-06-02	The only thing I didn't like - and it had nothing to do with the episode - is that I knew what was coming.
I envy those that didn't, this episode would've been even more shocking and emotional.
17	Keepsu	2013-06-02	Meh.
18	alexislalas	2013-06-02	10!!!!!
My favorite episode in the whole series so far.
I would have just added a little more tension and action/fighting in the Red Wedding, but AWESOME adaptation
19	Song of the North	2013-06-02	even being spoiled as a non-reader i AM STILL SHAKING.  damn, Michelle Fairley made me cry...oh my god, what a world, what a world...
20	Blaer Dayle	2013-06-02	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.
21	Randyll Tarly	2013-06-02	Catelyn catching up to Roose's thoughts when she saw his chaimail made me drop a tear..... and kaboom down with the wolves.
					
					
							Edited by Randyll Tarly, 02 June 2013 - 09:04 PM.
22	Arolig	2013-06-02	Everyone not voting 10, what are you thinking... Ohhh wait you're just not thinking clearly after all that epicness! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Yeah, Rickon definatly suprised me there with some brilliant acting!
Im also glad Talisa is dead, was not sure about that one.
Roose Bolton played perfectly.
And wow, Arya sticking it to the hound was brilliant.
Edmure is also turning out to be a perfect casting.
Best episode in the series thus far.
23	Lord Rickon	2013-06-02	10. Terrific. They did a great job
24	thegreatwhitebear	2013-06-02	Wow just wow. ..I actually felt bad for talisa and robb, omg I was praying arya got greywind free so he could've atleast gotten some freys and that part left me feeling even worse.  Gotta love roose popping in like the dude in the chappelle show skit making fun of the real world and giving robb a drive by stabbing...  I loved it and hated it at the same time just like my exwife lol
25	Jon Black	2013-06-02	Absolutely great.  My only problems:  
1) Robb holding his wife after being pierced with arrows, not a tear in his eye.
2) The tower scene with Bran and company w/ Jon down below suffered from either bad editing and/or screenwriting.  This includes the "He's one of them..." part.  (Although this was most certainly not an entire wash.  Some of it was okay.)
3) Arya's part outside the RW was...meh.
26	tito5601	2013-06-02	still shaking lol
27	white wolfpack	2013-06-02	Wow.  I thought they nailed it.
28	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.And the line about her Hair! Ned loved her hair
29	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	The most enthusiastic 10 I've ever given.
30	Ran	2013-06-02	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.
31	Ser Redjed	2013-06-02	Absolutely brilliant, an enthusiastic 10!
32	Antonious Stark	2013-06-02	I legit cried... Like Talisa and the way they killed just really hurt my heart. And now the Jeyne theory is soooooooo up in the air now.
33	Garlan Marius	2013-06-02	I cried more than any of the times I read that chapter.And to think, I was going to bitch about Ygritte not shooting Jon or Sam knowing about the Black Door.
34	Ser Robert Strong	2013-06-02	I gave it a 9, but perhaps I'm too much of a perfectionist. 
I was worried about Talisa's presence at the wedding, and honestly one of the things that bothered me was Robb's reaction to her murder. He looked neither sad, nor angry, but rather bewildered. I wish that his facial expression would have shown the emotions that he would probably have been feeling in that moment.
I thought Michelle Fairley did a great job of capturing Cat's emotions, but its just hard to do justice to the emotionally crippling internal monologue that you get to read in the books. I also figured she wouldn't be able to scratch at her face, as it would be a make up nightmare for the TV folks, but missed it all the same.
All in all though, I thought that the scene was adapted really well (hence a 9). My friends who have not read the books were very worried as soon as the bedding was over and the guards closed the doors, and from then on out, seemed nearly as displeased as I was when I read the scene.
As a side note, I wish they could have given the extra suspense of not knowing that Arya survived the Hound's axe, like there was in the book, but I'm afraid in that case too many folks would have quit watching the show. 
Great job D&D. Here's to hoping they continue to do a great job adapting.
35	Granatto	2013-06-02	http://sphotos-b.ak....052726741_n.jpg
36	franko99	2013-06-02	I know I'm a minority here, but I wish they had show more of the massacre outside of the Castle, of course they probably show the fire and Robbwind next week.
Queenscrown was amazing
Dany was...meh...
9/10
37	Ser Creighton	2013-06-02	Wow, I can't wait to see how none readers respond. Walder was awesome and so was Roose with that nasty little smirk. The contrast of Jon betryaing the Wildlings and the Boltons and Freys betraying Robb. Oooooooo, goose bumps, so good. Roose and Jon opposite ends of the same coin, "you were right all along"
Now I am going to sit down with Lou Malnati's and watch it again and savor every bight.
Oh Roose and Walder the North remembers you stupid d-bags.
38	Trebla	2013-06-02	Some tiny complaints, but it was as heart wrenching as I thought it would be. I'm going to be haunted by Michelle Fairley's wail. 10
39	subvet	2013-06-02	Even the absence of music with the end credits was perfect.  Best episode ever and next week could blow every ones mind
40	eetrebor	2013-06-02	@franko99,
From next weeks preview we might see more of the outside stuff (from Arya's viewpoint)
41	WinterWarrior	2013-06-02	A total 10. Michelle Fairly was amazing.
42	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	9.5.Omg. Omfg. So good. Knocked a point because Dany stuff didnt belong in this episode.
43	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-02	I think Cat's death suffered b/c characters do not have an internal monologue on the show.
44	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.I agree! Reading everybody say it was Perfect made me feel like I watched a different show, just going through the chapter in the Books all over again...the scene does not do Justice to it
45	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-02	I loved the episode! Was a little disappointed by the deaths though. Talisa looked fake as dead to me, but she was fine the rest of the episode. Poor Robb, felt so bad as he held her though (even if I didn't like her acting as she was 'dead'.) 
Cat.. Why couldn't she have killed a Frey? Who cares about Walder's wife?
And Grey Wind should above killed at least one person before dying.
Still loved the episode though. I can't remember being so depressed about seeing something/and crying because of a show/movie before.
46	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	I'll give it a 9, I was looking for something more, I don't even know why :/. EPIC nonetheless /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
47	Ser Creighton	2013-06-02	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.Well in the books we have the advantage of internal dialogue, but the Red wedding was by and large a surprise for most people. Walders treatment of Robbs wife, Cat picking up something is wrong but to late to do anything. The salt and bread, watch how they eat it and the looks on their faces.I think it was suppose to be a surprise in the books to, I was surprised at least. I don't know man, I usually agree with most of your stuff but I think you might be a little off here. I would suggest watching the whole episode again later. I mean expectations are to begin with, but you seem to be focusing on just the wedding which i thought was good, but look at how the whole episode relates to it.Not like you need my advice but maybe just try watching it again later. Then again maybe you have already seen it twice.
48	jeffklm	2013-06-02	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.And the line about her Hair! Ned loved her hairA 9.5 from me too. Took off .25 each for reasons above.
49	Talbot	2013-06-02	10. Absolute 10.
Some jimmies will be rustled at minuscule stuff for some of you, but holy crap.
The pacing, the Rains of Castamere, the violence, Roose Bolton.
Queenscrown was shot very well, and the sacking of Yunkai was great.
50	Jabronius Maximus	2013-06-02	Gave it a 10. Talisa and Robb's deaths were pretty gut wrenching. That was a great episode, and (sadly) they nailed the RW.
Rickon's got some acting chops! Too bad that's the last we'll see of him until like season 8. That was a touching brotherly scene.
Arya was a bit flat, but was pretty good.
Daenerys' 'victory' paled in comparison to the rest of the episode, and yet even her scenes were pretty good.
Jon didn't stand out, and that's a good thing. Whenever he did stand out, I felt it was in a bad way. He was good enough, and there's a good setup for the subsequent events at Castle Black.
And thank got Tormund Thunderfist aka Giantsbane aka Husband to Bears is still alive, I thought he'd be doomed in that wildling mission. But he lives to HAR another day! HAR!
Oh and Walder's actor is that janitor dude from Harry Potter right? Argo or Argus whatever...I was actually starting to like him, he had that cool senile humor. Then of course he unleashed on the Starks. Damn that man. I actually burst out laughing when he gave that look to Robb when he saw Roslin, it's like 'hey, she's pretty hot, eh?'
					
					
							Edited by Barristan the Boss, 02 June 2013 - 10:00 PM.
51	Jon Black	2013-06-02	Absolutely great.  
My only problems:
1) Robb holding his wife after being pierced with arrows, not a tear in his eye.
2) The tower scene with Bran and company w/ Jon down below suffered from either bad editing and/or screenwriting.  This includes the "He's one of them..." part.  (Although this was most certainly not an entire wash.  Some of it was okay.)
3) Arya's part outside the RW was...meh.
52	nob boffin	2013-06-02	My forst post on this forum or for that matter on this board,, but I have to say I gave it a 10 it was awful knowing what was coming and watching it unfold. My wife has not read the books and even though I softened it a bit for her she was utterly speechless after it ended.
I alos liked the bits with Sam  and especially the part about calming Holdor, for some reason that really resonated with me.
53	Heathered	2013-06-02	I am shaking and shaken from it. Partly because I cannot believe I was screaming "slit her throat" to Catelyn Stark.
54	Linda	2013-06-02	Not like you need my advice but maybe just try watching it again later. Then again maybe you have already seen it twice.It doesn't get better. It gets worse the more time you have to analyse what was left out and how important those things were.I couldn't read that scene in the book -- heck, I couldn't read most of the book following that scene -- until a week or so ago.It had very little impact on me on the screen.
					
					
							Edited by Linda, 02 June 2013 - 09:59 PM.
55	Broken Fox	2013-06-02	10/10
No, it wasn't perfect, but I feel like I just got punched in the heart. Job well done.
56	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-06-02	Easy 10.
Poor Talisa!!! That was the one thing I truly didn't see coming. And it was pretty much the kickstarter. That entire scene was devastating. I couldnt breathe while everything was happening.
57	Elder Sister	2013-06-02	I gave it a 10.  The whole episode had me on the edge of my seat, and I was horrified by the Red Wedding, even though I knew exactly what was coming.  Outstanding job by the cast and writers.
Dany and Daario are already on my nerves, though.  Blech.
58	Arya Stalka	2013-06-02	Sorry double post!
					
					
							Edited by Arya Stalka, 02 June 2013 - 10:14 PM.
59	Typhanya	2013-06-02	Even the absence of music with the end credits was perfect.  Best episode ever and next week could blow every ones mind/agreeHad far more impact with silence.
60	Caryn Stark	2013-06-02	They nailed it. I was shaking and I knew what was coming.
61	Arya Stalka	2013-06-02	10 WOW!  Well done, IMO!  I laughed like crazy when Arya knocked that man out after begging the Hound not to kill him! lmao!  LOVE Arya!!!  I love this episode because it's the point at which I started liking the Hound.  Poor Arya!!  So backtracking, the warging and the Ygritte getting all salty scene was pretty cool!  Really, people that expect the carbon copy of the book... c'mon!  This was AWESOME.  I knew what was coming and I felt the same emotions all lover again.  Really looking forward to the last episode and already depressed about waiting another LONG while before the next season /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Silly things I wished came off the book... Darrio and his flamboyant ways!  Purple hair and dyed double pronged goatee!  Does he have a harpy hilted knife?  Haven't noticed.  Haha! Jorah was all hatin' on him!
62	ladyinblack	2013-06-02	It was better than I expected it to be. Walder Frey is very well cast and Michelle Fairley was brilliant. A pretty good job at condensing storylines at the RW.--
The wilding and Bran scenes are not well developed. They have done a terrible job with the Reeds storyline and Osha. Loved them all in the books.
63	Tysha Tully	2013-06-02	The reading of the scene was repulsive, shocking but not surprising. In the book I remember a thread of hope when they ate under his roof but the hope turning to despair when the massacre began. I rebelled soon after reading it and put the book down for a month. I felt GRRM was a callous monster and I was so done with it all. Watching tonight was depressing...a sad reminder that Ned can never truly be avenged and the House Stark I fell in love with was already gone. It sucks even more that Lord Frey was likeable in this episode and Roose's evilness is only outdone by his handsomeness. Oh the humanity.
64	clearcolor	2013-06-02	Way better than I was expecting. I give it a 9 just for sheer emotional impact.  I wish they would have had one of Robb's men throwing a table over him for protection; that scene really stayed with me after reading it. I also think the timing of the musicians playing Rains of Castamere seemed a little off.
I can deal with Cat not clawing her face. And while I was never a fan of Talysa, wow, I have to say having her there and getting stabbed in the gut a la Dacey Mormont was definitely heartbreaking.
					
					
							Edited by clearcolor, 02 June 2013 - 10:15 PM.
65	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-02	10.  Thought it was brilliant.  For me, Ms. Fairley did a fantastic job conveying that vague sense of mounting unease/foreboding throughout the wedding, just with her facial expressions.  Nailed it for me.
Also thought having the first strike be to Talisa's womb was a great way to shock readers, because we really didn't know what was going to happen to her.  It was such a brutal act that I kind of gasped.  
Sure, there were things that weren't exactly the same as the books, but that's what happens when you've got internal monologues.  I was really surprised it had the impact it did despite knowing what was coming.
66	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-02	10 out of 10.
Perfect.
Gray Worm, Red Wedding, Yunkai, Bran, everything was perfect.
Well done D & D, and the whole cast and crew of this brilliant show.
67	cybobbie	2013-06-02	They really did it, a 10 for me! When they started to play Rains of Castemere, the look on Cat's face, the doors closing, all the preparation and the atmosphere there and still it was shocking to see it on screen. Michelle Fairley was amazing, IMO.
68	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	And Grey Wind should above killed at least one person before dying.In a way, I think the way they killed Greywind was even more brutal than I envisioned. The poor guy didn't have a chance.
69	wolverine	2013-06-02	10 best episode of the season.  Not a single scene felt contrived or unnecessary.
70	7V3N	2013-06-02	I nearly cried (I did when I read it). Not because of Robb, because of Cat. Michelle Fairley played it amazingly all the way to the last second. Since basically all of it was good, I will list my complaints, then some key things that stuck out to me.Bad:I was very upset with Roose Bolton's stabbing. It was abrupt, far too 'out of nowhere' but not in the way the book surprised me. I expected to see him walking up, and then do the deed. But instead, he sort of pops into frame like "Surprise!" and stabs Robb. I expected to see him coming, but not see it coming.Sam knowing about the Black Gate and the delay of Coldhands. Since Coldhands doesn't really have an identity (that we can tell from his scenes), there is no casting restraint. It just doesn't make much sense to do it the way they did. On a side note, I like how they tied back to Sam in season one saying "I always wanted to be a wizard."It was dumb how the soldiers of Yunkai--noted to be slaves--surround Daario, Grey Worm, and Jorah, and then they apparently just threw down their weapons? It would have been better to show a man dressed in fancy garb step outside and yelling for the soldiers to attack, and they simply lay down their weapons there. I think that would have had more impact and made more sense.Roslin looked too happy, and not nervous at all.Key points:I like how they added in a bit of the Varamyr prologue by showing Orell's "second life."They did a great job with Bran's warging abilities. It was about time they gave us some real content there. I really liked how they showed how big of a deal it was that Bran could warg Hodor even for a split second. I know this is different from the books (Bran keeps it a secret; warging men is considered horrible), but it did a better job to explain just how special Bran is, given they have dodged it with all of his scenes earlier this season. My one issue was that I wanted Jojen to mention his third eye.I am still curious how they will get Tormund North of the Wall. He needs to survive the battle, and no way he would be captured. I imagine he will now go back over the Wall with Ygritte since their force was just ripped apart, to warn Mance that the Night's Watch is now aware of their imminent attack.I like how they started with killing Talisa. It threw readers like me off because we had no idea where her story was going. It gave us the shock factor that the Red Wedding would otherwise lack for us.I like how much content they got into the wedding--Roose's marriage, Edmure's immaturity, Robb's naivety, Cat's paranoia, Cat's love for her family (in large thanks to Fairley), the Frey's lack of respect when it comes to the rules of honor and the gods (guest right).The Rains of Castamere. When I heard that, I felt my chest tighten. Well done.All in all an amazing episode that I was so worried they would screw up. With Talisa dead, they were able to cut the content of Tywin managing the dormant alliance with Sybell Spicer for the show's future (makes sense). I love how they managed to show us just how close Arya was to being reunited with her family, and also how the Hound does have a conscience that he hides behind anger. The moment of the bedding was also perfect--Edmure looking drunk and boyish.I don't have an ear for this, but was that music played well? I remember in the book it was notably bad, so I wondered if anyone with an ear for music knows if the music was played particularly poorly.I gave it a 10/10.
					
					
							Edited by 7V3N, 02 June 2013 - 10:37 PM.
71	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	I gave the episode a 10.
Not exactly the direction I hoped they would go with the Red Wedding, but it was effective none the less.
72	lostinwesteros	2013-06-02	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.Yeah, I was really waiting for that - one of the most powerful pieces of the whole RW to me.  Didn't keep me from loving the episode, though - I gave it a very solid 10.
73	Talbot	2013-06-02	Might get crapped on here by some, but I really think if you were disappointed in that scene it was because you put way too much weight in the book's reading, and can't grasp adaptation to the screen.
74	Dreadstark Bastard	2013-06-02	I gave it a 9 but that's from rounding up from an 8.5.  The actors nailed it, though bitter that Michelle Fairley had to wait this long for the writers to let her character shine. My major criticism though is similar to some others -- wish they had done more this season to plant the seeds of what was to come, captured in the book by Tywin's line (and I don't know it by heart and so must paraphrase) that the war would be won by ravens and not by swords. And capture the dread.  Cat's scenes with Bolton got to it a bit.  Also wish we had gotten to know Robb's bannermen better, besides Karstark and Bolton (important though the latter is).
75	Mark Antony	2013-06-02	10, Fairley was amazing. I was not ready to see that on screen.
76	John Reynolds	2013-06-02	Gave it a 8, took a few points off for Catelyn not clawing her face to ribbons and for the way Grey Wind was handled.
77	Chuck88	2013-06-02	Shaking 10/10
78	Talbot	2013-06-02	The guy who plays Bolton did very well capturing his anxiety...its something hinted upon in the books. I think his suddenness in stabbing Robb is a good way of showing that.
79	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-02	In a way, I think the way they killed Greywind was even more brutal than I envisioned. The poor guy didn't have a chance.That's true. I was still disappointed he didn't even get to epically kill one person. But your right, it was more sad that way.
80	Arya Stalka	2013-06-02	/agreeHad far more impact with silence.The silence was the icing on the cake. As per previous remarks on Cathryn not clawing her face off and other stuff.  She might do it in the final episode.  Don't despair.  I'm pretty sure there's still much about RW not completed in this epi. As for Robb not crying... it's called SHOCK.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> He seemed to want to say to his mom he was sorry for f**king shit up! -but too shocked to say it.
81	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-02	Rosalind was all wrong. She wasn't sad or nervous at all really. 
Focusing on Rob and Talisa vs Rob and Cat changed the scene and somehow, though gripping and shocking, was not as emotionally horrific as Cat's POV in the book. 
I loved the episode but it just doesn't come close to the emotional punch the scene packed in the book.
82	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	I still cant get over the way Talisa was killed...
83	wolverine	2013-06-02	Gave it a 8, took a few points off for Catelyn not clawing her face to ribbons and for the way Grey Wind was handled.A few points for that?  Seems harsh for a great episode if changing such minor items takes you from a 10 to an 8?
84	wolverine	2013-06-02	Rosalind was all wrong. She wasn't sad or nervous at all really.Focusing on Rob and Talisa vs Rob and Cat changed the scene and somehow, though gripping and shocking, was not as emotionally horrific as Cat's POV in the book.I loved the episode but it just doesn't come close to the emotional punch the scene packed in the book.You don't think that has anything to do with the fact that you know it is coming this time?Maybe Rosalind doesn't know on the show?  I would actually like that change.
85	Ser Creighton	2013-06-02	I nearly cried (I did when I read it). Not because of Robb, because of Cat. Michelle Fairley played it amazingly all the way to the last second. Since basically all of it was good, I will list my complaints, then some key things that stuck out to me.Bad:I was very upset with Roose Bolton's stabbing. It was abrupt, far too 'out of nowhere' but not in the way the book surprised me. I expected to see him walking up, and then do the deed. But instead, he sort of pops into frame like "Surprise!" and stabs Robb. I expected to see him coming, but not see it coming.Sam knowing about the Black Gate and the delay of Coldhands. Since Coldhands doesn't really have an identity (that we can tell from his scenes), there is no casting restraint. It just doesn't make much sense to do it the way they did. On a side note, I like how they tied back to Sam in season one saying "I always wanted to be a wizard."It was dumb how the soldiers of Yunkai--noted to be slaves--surround Daario, Grey Worm, and Jorah, and then they apparently just threw down their weapons? It would have been better to show a man dressed in fancy garb step outside and yelling for the soldiers to attack, and they simply lay down their weapons there. I think that would have had more impact and made more sense.Roslin looked too happy, and not nervous at all.Key points:I like how they added in a bit of the Varamyr prologue by showing Orell's "second life."They did a great job with Bran's warging abilities. It was about time they gave us some real content there. I really liked how they showed how big of a deal it was that Bran could warg Hodor even for a split second. I know this is different from the books (Bran keeps it a secret; warging men is considered horrible), but it did a better job to explain just how special Bran is, given they have dodged it with all of his scenes earlier this season. My one issue was that I wanted Jojen to mention his third eye.I am still curious how they will get Tormund North of the Wall. He needs to survive the battle, and no way he would be captured. I imagine he will now go back over the Wall with Ygritte since their force was just ripped apart, to warn Mance that the Night's Watch is now aware of their imminent attack.I like how much content they got into the wedding--Roose's marriage, Edmure's immaturity, Robb's naivety, Cat's paranoia, Cat's love for her family (in large thanks to Fairley), the Frey's lack of respect when it comes to the rules of honor and the gods (guest right).The Rains of Castamere. When I heard that, I felt my chest tighten. Well done.All in all an amazing episode that I was so worried they would screw up. With Talisa dead, they were able to cut the content of Tywin managing the dormant alliance with Sybell Spicer for the show's future (makes sense). I love how they managed to show us just how close Arya was to being reunited with her family, and also how the Hound does have a conscience that he hides behind anger. The moment of the bedding was also perfect--Edmure looking drunk and boyish.I don't have an ear for this, but was that music played well? I remember in the book it was notably bad, so I wondered if anyone with an ear for music knows if the music was played particularly poorly.I gave it a 10/10.You know what I didn't get the thing with the slaves either, totally forgot about it. WTF was that? Maybe we get something new, some sort of betrayal next week, they have to get rid of Mormont, then again maybe not with the show. Something not right with that seen though.
86	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-02	I can deal with Cat not clawing her face. And while I was never a fan of Talysa, wow, I have to say having her there and getting stabbed in the gut a la Dacey Mormont was definitely heartbreaking.Yeah I hated Talisa but I really didn't like seeing all the stabbing to the stomach. I couldn't even watch that part honestly.
87	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-06-02	Might get crapped on here by some, but I really think if you were disappointed in that scene it was because you put way too much weight in the book's reading, and can't grasp adaptation to the screen./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I thought it was a stellar adaptation. I don't see how they could have done it much better without it seeming gratuitous. Other than the odd way Rooses betrayal was portrayed. That could have been done a bit more dramatically.
88	BlackDragon	2013-06-02	I never thought I could hate any fictional character as much as I hate the Freys. I hope that their is not a single Frey or Bolton left by the end the books besides maybe Roslin. The North Remembers!!
89	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-02	If I were a book purist with no idea whatsoever how to adapt a book series to a screen series, I'd probably give this an 8.  Since I'm neither, I give it a 10.  It's absolutely brilliant adaptation work.  Everything works, they stay true to their canon.  I feel the emotions I'm meant to feel with each scene.  All of the the little, easter egg stuff just jumps out to me (like boar continuing to indicate regime shift/dead kings).  Rewatching episodes is absolutely as great as rereading because they cram each scene full with little bits that make for fun analysis.
90	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	I never thought I could hate any fictional character as much as I hate the Freys. I hope that their is not a single Frey or Bolton left by the end the books besides maybe Roslin. The North Remembers!! Hey! Fat Walda?
91	Linda	2013-06-02	Might get crapped on here by some, but I really think if you were disappointed in that scene it was because you put way too much weight in the book's reading, and can't grasp adaptation to the screen.There's no such thing as putting too much weight on the book.
92	wolverine	2013-06-02	There's no such thing as putting too much weight on the book.Wrong.
93	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	If I were a book purist with no idea whatsoever how to adapt a book series to a screen series, I'd probably give this an 8.  Since I'm neither, I give it a 10.  It's absolutely brilliant adaptation work.  Everything works, they stay true to their canon.  I feel the emotions I'm meant to feel with each scene.  All of the the little, easter egg stuff just jumps out to me (like boar continuing to indicate regime shift/dead kings).  Rewatching episodes is absolutely as great as rereading because they cram each scene full with little bits that make for fun analysis. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />I found it harder to watch than read. Knowing whats coming sometimes still doesnt matter. It was still very gut twistingly horrible. So good.The little easter eggs like "Hodor, stop hodoring!", Sandor's boar chomping, the foreshadowing going on, etc. Its all really good. When Sandor said "You cant hide behind that face." to Arya, i was all "OOOOOOh snap!"Lets not forget about Fat Walda! Heeeeee!
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 02 June 2013 - 10:34 PM.
94	Chuck88	2013-06-02	Had a chance to settle down a bit. Still genuinely can't remember much else about the episode at all.
I don't even care that they cut out the 'Ned loves my hair,' line. As GRRM has said about the show before, the spirit was very much the same.
95	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-02	Might get crapped on here by some, but I really think if you were disappointed in that scene it was because you put way too much weight in the book's reading, and can't grasp adaptation to the screen.I agree with this absolutely.  The book is the inspiration for the series, but ultimately, to translate the book to screen, an adaptation must occur.  Things must be trimmed down, the show must create it's own canon, etc.  A show is limited by budget, time, ability, etc.  Plus, they end up putting a lot of the 'important' things in the scene anyway.  You just have to actually watch and look.  Like the books, everything in the show isn't spoonfed.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />I found it harder to watch than read. Knowing whats coming sometimes still doesnt matter. It was still very gut twistingly horrible. So good.The little easter eggs like "Hodor, stop hodoring!", Sandor's boar chomping, the foreshadowing going on, etc. Its all really good. When Sandor said "You cant hide behind that face." to Arya, i was all "OOOOOOh snap!"Lets not forget about Fat Walda! Heeeeee!Oh man, this one had so many more easter eggs than normal!  I have this super long list of it all.  My eyes could barely process, they were moving to fast across the screen and trying to keep up with what my ears were hearing!
96	Talbot	2013-06-02	There's no such thing as putting too much weight on the book.Well maybe weight is the wrong word, but you have to realize how much different it is in telling a story, getting details down and building stuff up. The show absolutely cannot show the dread we get in that chapter because its coming from Catelyn's perspective, in her head, from her inner monologue. In the show, we have a omniscient view of every character. How can they recapture or portray the same kind of dread that we get from Cat's perspective?What was missing from this that made it worse than the books? This isn't a knock on opinions, and it might've seemed that way before, so I apologize, but I just don't get that perspective sometimes.
97	Arya Stalka	2013-06-02	I never thought I could hate any fictional character as much as I hate the Freys. I hope that their is not a single Frey or Bolton left by the end the books besides maybe Roslin. The North Remembers!! Arya will kill em' all!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
98	Serial Killer Arya	2013-06-02	Cried & Cried
That is all
99	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-02	Quotes not working for me, but no I do not believe it was bc I knew what was coming. It just changed the scene for me emotionally focusing in Talisa more before the massacre. Like I said, I loved the episode... I really did. It was just very different impact with the TV perspective. I'm not a book purist, I like the show to make changes. I guess maybe I just never connected to Talisa's chAracter and her being at the RW changed the dynamic of the scene ( for me at least) and so, although I liked it, it didn't quite have the same punch emotionally (for me)
(Sorry for errors; on my phone with one hand typing while rocking my little one:)
100	Ran	2013-06-02	The show absolutely cannot show the dread we get in that chapter because its coming from Catelyn's perspective, in her head, from her inner monologue. In the show, we have a omniscient view of every character. How can they recapture or portray the same kind of dread that we get from Cat's perspective?Make it an unpleasant, uncomfortable wedding. Make a point of the horrible food, the horrible music, that it's all too loud and discordant and headache-inducing, something you suffer through. It's a horrible wedding -- people who have been to weddings have probably come across an awkard, trying one in their time, so they can sympathize. You want it to end, you want them to get on with it, not go, "Oh, well, here's a happy wedding, it's all worked out in the end."Psychological horror films are capable of inducing dread and unease without resorting to narration and inner dialogue. The secret of Catelyn's last chapter is that it's basically a work of horror fiction, not fantasy, in terms of the mode in which it is written. George does everything but throw in the boogie man.Really, TV can do this stuff. Whether the writers want to do it or not, that's up to them. But it is possible.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 June 2013 - 10:45 PM.
101	Nuncle Kraken	2013-06-02	9
I can't really put into words why just yet, but it felt off. Not by much...just something lacking. The whole Yunkai part made little sense, and usually Jorah's expressions enhance scenes, yet here he looks as if Darrio was dead...meh. 
Queenscrown...why not search the landlocked tower? Why didn't Orell fly his eagle into the window for a peek? 
Catelyn was amazing.
102	lady m	2013-06-02	Only thing wrong with the episode was the jarring inclusion of any of Dany's storyline in it.  That really threw off the pacing.
Otherwise, 9.5 for the episode, it did just about everything I could have asked for.  And the love I have for the almost, but not quite symmetry of the Robb/Catelyn/Arya and Bran/Rickon/Jon almost meets and the connection to the wolves was absolute perfection.
103	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	I agree with this absolutely.  The book is the inspiration for the series, but ultimately, to translate the book to screen, an adaptation must occur.  Things must be trimmed down, the show must create it's own canon, etc.  A show is limited by budget, time, ability, etc.  Plus, they end up putting a lot of the 'important' things in the scene anyway.  You just have to actually watch and look.  Like the books, everything in the show isn't spoonfed.Oh man, this one had so many more easter eggs than normal!  I have this super long list of it all.  My eyes could barely process, they were moving to fast across the screen and trying to keep up with what my ears were hearing!Yes. Adaptation and putting things to a film medium is difficult and sacrifices must be made. But i felt that everything that needed to be conveyed was conveyed. Cat's catatonic face had a lot of impact. While i wished she had clawed her face slowly with the same expression, alas, i cant have everything. I was very pleased how it came about. The color and lighting of the scene was so exactly how i imagined it... oh man...
104	rumple9	2013-06-02	voted 9 - slow episode again but the first scene with ayra and the hound was good. Felt Maisie was a bit wooden in her scenes after that. Would have given this episode a 5 but the RW was nailed - couldn't have been better. just a shame they didnt sew the wolf's head on Robb
105	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-02	I was thinking of giving it a 9, but caved in and gave it a 10. I pictured the RW to be more climactic rather than climactic, so I expected a huge massacre in the camps. Plus I pictured Robb's death to be far more out of nowhere than anything else, complete with the music speeding up to a crescendo and stopping right as Roose twists the blade. I also pictured Cat's breakdown to more insane, with the only sound being her laughter. I envisioned a silence like the one in Ned's beheading just before the axe fell, and Grey Wind to put up a fight.
But I digress. Great episode, all around. My heart was pounding and I was on edge for the entire last 10 minutes. I like how this week and last week have been much better focused and focusing on a few storylines, rather than cramming in about 8. But I do wish Stannis' arc was better developed this season.
My main gripe? NO REVEAL OF RAMSAY. Seriously. The Unsullied are going to feel Theon's arc has been a complete waste of time. If they had showed his reveal right before the massacre started, it would have all seemed worthwhile. I can't help but feel D and D fucked up big time by not having Theon and Ramsay's last appearance in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 02 June 2013 - 10:55 PM.
106	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	Ramsay's reveal will most likely happen next episode.
107	Eric Baratheon	2013-06-02	near damn perfect. yeah yeah yeah different to an extent from the book but EVERY single storyline was done superbly: even Bran and Jon Snow's. So glad they didnt cut to King's Landing on this episode.
And how about that Grey Worm fighting? I'm now a fan.
The Red Wedding was done really well considering the 50 minute frame episode.
As a TV show episode I'm torn between giving it a 10 or a 9. I just feel a 10 should be reserved to truly spectacular emmy worth material. I'm not entirely sure they achieved that with episode 9, but it was near damn perfect (for the TV show)
I strongly recommend those who have not read book 3 to do so as soon as this season ends. It really is one of the best fiction novels out there, impossible to put down.
9.5
108	Leif	2013-06-02	The build up needed more Cat paranoia. But Coldhand's delay once again made me sad. Maybe we'll see 'em in Season 4.
Other than that it was well done. I enjoyed it.
109	Jon Black	2013-06-02	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.The greatest acting performance by the 'shocked, grief stricken mother goes to Tyra Ferrell in 'Boyz n the Hood'.  One of the most brilliant scene's ever filmed, IMHO.Anyhow, while I expected something similar from Michele Fairley/Cat tonight, I was most certainly moved by her desperation to save her son's life.
110	Hoo	2013-06-02	It was an 8 for me until the warging.
Then, warging happened,
Then, Jon left Ygritte.  (What a d-bag!, that shocked me!)
It was a 9.
The red wedding catapulted out of scale.
111	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-06-02	I normally give a lot of various reasons for my rating, but not tonight.
I am giving it a 10, simply for the comments I am reading on the Game of Thrones Facebook page. I have been waiting for this moment.
112	mafalda	2013-06-02	Where was Cat going crazy? That final shot of her was just weird, just standing there in silence. I really wanted her on the ground, clawing at her face screaming and laughing talking about how Ned loved her hair. Not just standing there like a zombie (I get it, I get it, she was overcome with grief, geez I can feel people pouncing on me already.. I just wanted the part with her losing her mind to be shown).
Anyways, I still gave the ep a 10!
113	Justin Danford	2013-06-02	Voted 8.
Objectively speaking, I feel they did not capture the atmosphere that the books provided leading up to the massacre. This cheapened the "shock" for me (despite already knowing) since everything turned so quick. I would have liked more suspense, possibly stemming from Catelyn, concerning whether or not Walder was going to play nice. I think this is made worse considering that at times they seem to want to try and build this ambiguity which began building suspense, but then smooth it over.
I understand they did this to settle the unsullied TV watcher, so they think all is well just before the big shock, but I felt this lessened the source material. The episode basically became the shock, and yeah there is huge shock value in the book, but it's about so much more than just shock. Obviously I did not hate it, so it get's an 8.
I also rather liked all the changes and editions they did to advance the plot. It just seemed to me that something was missing from the RW, but I understand everyone probably has their own unreachable standard of how the RW plays out.
edit: I also enjoyed the eerie death silence and gaping maw of Catelyn upon realizing Robb was killed. It showed in those few seconds that Robb was the last thread holding her from being destroyed by grief. He dies and she loses all connection. It makes her look rather dead...a living dead, which is perfect for what is to come. I very much hope they advance that plot for the finale of "Mysha"
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 02 June 2013 - 11:58 PM.
114	TheMountianNick	2013-06-02	People need to stop complaing about the clawing of the face.  Her screaming and standing there shocked was much more powerful.  You all tend to forget.. GRRM helps with each episode and I think he is fixing many things that were pretty dumb in the books.  So glad we don't spend 30 minutes an episode going over food descriptions like in the books.  Jellied eel's anyone.
115	Robb_	2013-06-02	10. Richard Madden and Michelle Fairley absolutely nailed it. The actors who play Roose and Walder, also.
116	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-03	10. I loved the whole episode as a whole. It wasn't as good as Blackwater, though. I liked Gilly and Sam at the beginning. That was so cute! Then the warging, Jon leaving Ygritte (Brilliant, choice to have her try to stand by him) Rickon leaving Bran, Daario, Grey Worm, and Jorah VS The soldiers was totally awesome. Is it bad that I'm starting to LIKE Daario in the show? Anyway, THE RED WEDDING WAS BEAUTIFUL. The build-up...oh man the build-up. I also liked the way they revealed Roslin, better than in the books. Talisa's death was brutal. Absolutely brutal, and I cried when Grey Wind died. Having Arya see that was a great choice.And then, the final moments, just SILENT as Cat's throat is slit. Brilliant
The only small problem I have is that I expected it to be WAY more chaotic. But I still think it's a ten.
117	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Ramsay's reveal will most likely happen next episode.Well it kind of has to now. But revealing his identity and the truth about who burned Winterfell will pretty much result in a "well, duh!" reaction from the audience. Had they done it just before the massacre, that would have incited a big "holy shit!" reaction.
118	shiola	2013-06-03	just finished it.  legitimately sobbing.
have to give it a 10, but i want to give it a 0 for how terrible it is.
119	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-03	Where was Cat going crazy? That final shot of her was just weird, just standing there in silence. I really wanted her on the ground, clawing at her face screaming and laughing talking about how Ned loved her hair. Not just standing there like a zombie (I get it, I get it, she was overcome with grief, geez I can feel people pouncing on me already.. I just wanted the part with her losing her mind to be shown).Anyways, I still gave the ep a 10!The woman went catatonic.  That's pretty mad!  She had so clearly lost her mind.  Plus, this will be the face of Stoneheart so it absolutely works because she literally transformed into Stoneheart moments before her throat was slit.
120	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-06-03	I gave it an 8...a few small quibbles that have been mentioned already and I would have like the music leading into and during the wedding to be more ominous....but I was balling. I liked the silence during the credits. That's what I would have liked after Jaime lost his hand but I guess you can't really do that twice and this was the best episode for that.
121	Robin Of House Hill	2013-06-03	20 out of 10.  Far beyond my expectations.
122	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-03	just finished it.  legitimately sobbing.have to give it a 10, but i want to give it a 0 for how terrible it is.^^ This
123	raj34	2013-06-03	There's no such thing as putting too much weight on the book.lol
124	The Monkey	2013-06-03	9/10
Took a point off because of the lack of fighting outside (not sure how many of the Unsullied realized that Robb's whole army was being massacred), and because I would have liked to see more hysteria from Catelyn.
125	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	if they show the head swap next week they have to show the kiss of life too... they HAVE TO!
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 03 June 2013 - 12:38 AM.
126	Words of Winter	2013-06-03	In short, I don't think the scale of the RW translated well.  It should have been more epoch.
I gave it an 8.  I was disappointed in their adaptation.
127	andrew_	2013-06-03	9/10 it is what I've come to expect, simply amazing, almost perfect imo, but as a reader of the book WTF!!!!!!!!! why did they kill off talisa??? it was my only nitpick of this episode that could have giant repercussions in future seasons
128	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	9/10Took a point off because of the lack of fighting outside (not sure how many of the Unsullied realized that Robb's whole army was being massacred), and because I would have liked to see more hysteria from Catelyn.It's not over.The preview for the finale shows tents in flame.
129	Ser Creighton	2013-06-03	The woman went catatonic.  That's pretty mad!  She had so clearly lost her mind.  Plus, this will be the face of Stoneheart so it absolutely works because she literally transformed into Stoneheart moments before her throat was slit.Anyone else we know go catatonic in the series? Creepy and uncomfortable. But maybe a little foreshadowing of horror. Also I don't know how well a horror scene would play with the show. Suddenly going mad usually doesn't happen, it tends to happen after the breakdown.I just thought the writers probably figured who is going to fall for a half assed deception. It's a surprise attack. You play up the wedding. I did like Bolton eyeballing Robb at the wedding, would have liked the music to have gone on a little longer, the killing to go on a little longer and the Great Jon, actually I think more time could of focused on the wedding. Probably could of done with one POV at the wedding, but I get them not doing that to the actors.The Scenes in Essos, I didn't really get the last two, felt like something got cut.
130	Mr Smith	2013-06-03	A sumptuous 10.
Having said that, the Red Wedding wasn't quite as fluid as I'd hoped; they drew it out to long and had too many lingering stares. Maybe that meant more to the non book readers, but I felt like having it all happen a bit faster would have made it better. On the positive side, the way they lulled the audience into a false sense of security with all the lighthearted banter was outstanding. In the book there was a lot of discomfort in the leadup, but I liked the way they did it here.
And the best thing is that the rest of the episode was FLAWLESS! Fantastic stuff between Arya and the Hound. Even better stuff with Bran, this episode made his season, and made up for all the boring banter that went before. Jon's escape was very good, and I particularly liked Ygritte in this episode, she portrayed her conflicting emotions incredibly well. 
Very pleased with the progression of Dany's story, and the subtle conflict between Daario and Jorah. Not overdone or underdone.
Unsullied, welcome to Bolton-hate.
131	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-06-03	I gave it a 6.  I think it was an average episode.  It was not what I expected at all when you get D&D saying the reason they wanted to do the series was because of that scene and it just didn't deliver IMO.  If that's the quality to be expected, I don't see myself watching the show if it passes by the books.
132	Jovem Corvo	2013-06-03	10. Talisa's death, Catelyn's wail... my god. It was brutal. I wasn't expecting that gruesome baby stabbing. The last drop was when Robb said "mother...", I cried so much. Before the RW, the highest point of the episode was Bran & Rickon farewell. Poor kids, now only god knows if they will meet again.My complaints are that music needed to be louder at the wedding, Dany's scenes were not fit for this episode (they could have delayed) and Maisie Williams acted poorly.
133	ohpooratlas	2013-06-03	I gave it a 9 (.5) The Dany stuff, for the first time all season, was meh.  I was ecstatic about everything else for the most part. Loved Queenscrown. Loved Bran (finally!) and ... well I didn't love the Red Wedding but it was ... I'm still recovering.  It was heart wrenching. Michelle Farley did an amazing job.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 03 June 2013 - 12:58 AM.
134	sastelise	2013-06-03	10. I didn't think they'd do the RW so well. I think adding Talisa to the mixed made it even more devastating. Though it wasn't exactly like in the book, all of the important elements were spot on. If I hadn't read the books I would be completely shocked. I would believe that things are finally turning around for the Starks, and then...and who are you, the proud lord said...
135	Dryhtscipe	2013-06-03	10. Moments that made me smile in the episode only made that cold sensation somewhere around my belly deepen a fraction of a second after each twitch of lips. Totally cried a little somewhere in there too, but I'll deny it tomorrow.
I, er, watched it on a livestream because I couldn't wait a day (being in the UK and all). Must say, the reaction in the chat next to said stream was... interesting. People seemed a little surprised...
136	purplehazee	2013-06-03	definitely tough to watch, the poor stark family. my fear is that people will get too mad at the show they might quit watching.
I give it a 9.5
137	_KHALeesi	2013-06-03	10. I'm so glad it played out like I thought. Killing Baby Eddard was fucked up though...
138	imrastro	2013-06-03	I hardly ever post, just read: but I guess I'm against the grain here. Most of what I thought has been said. Missed the build-up, thought it was more shocking then dread filled.
But the red wedding wasn't the only thing in the episode and I was not that thrilled with the rest. In particular I didn't think the taking of Yunkai was all that impressive. actually, seemed pretty weak to me. But the show has definately ahd problems with big war scenes. Even crediting that, it still seemed rushed and sort of blah. The Bran scenes were ok I guess. Didn't see the point in opening with Sam.
I think the way I would sum it up is this: if ever there was a episode that would ahve benefitted from just one storyline this was it. Wish they had just focused on the RW from start to finish. Though we would never have had the dread brought forth from Cat's point of view we would have had the details.
139	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Wow. Just fucking wow.
140	Jon Black	2013-06-03	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.The greatest acting performance by the shocked, grief stricken mother goes to Tyra Ferrell in 'Boyz n the Hood'.  One of the most brilliant scene's ever filmed, IMHO.Anyhow, while I expected something similar from Michele Fairley/Cat tonight, I was most certainly moved by her desperation to save her son's life.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Black, 03 June 2013 - 01:37 AM.
141	TheEvilKing	2013-06-03	Fucking brutal. 10/10
142	mystikherb	2013-06-03	I needed a bit to fully evaluate my opinion on this episode.  I'm sure anyone on this post is totally okay with seeing everything, it didn't say "spoilers" in the title and I'm going to go very in depth so I'm putting the spoiler tag anyway.  It can't hurt to be careful.
	Spoiler I'm going to give my opinion on this episode piece by piece. Jon:Okay, so this big scene with Jon turned out more or less how I thought it would.  To be honest, it was neither really a hit or miss for me.  The acting was great, and it essentially went the way it needed to move his plot along.  To be honest, I was a bit more focused on Bran's part in all of this anyway.  That basically sums up my opinion on this.Bran:Awesome, totally awesome.  I was so honestly surprised that they showed Bran warg into Hodor... surprised in the best kind of way.  I had feared that they would over look that.  But no, it was done very well, and I've been waiting AGES to see Bran warg while conscious on screen.  It was everything I wanted it to be, and it served that part of the story well.  Plus, there was an awesome scene where they made the decision to separate Osha and Rickon from the game.  That was very well acted (kudos to the kid playing Rickon), and I think they chose the right time to have this moment; very emotional and effective.Sam:Okay, as fine a job as the actors are doing at playing Sam and Gilly, I was very much hoping to see Coldhands, and with Sam knowing about Nightfort and such, I'm thinking they might skip him now and have Sam appear to Bran on his own.  I'm actually starting to get pretty scared that they may overlook Coldhands altogether.  That's probably my biggest disappointment with the episode, to be honest.  However, I could show them going two different routes with this:1).  Sam pops up on Bran and has already met Coldhands (off screen) and reveals to Bran that someone needs to see him.  They then reveal Coldhands in one of the last (possibly the last) scene of the finale.2).  They delay Coldhands until late next season to stretch out Bran's story a bit, since he has very little source material left.That's all for that.Daenerys:I did love her scenes, and I have to admit I'm kinda digging TV Daario (although the bit with him walking up after they took Yunkai was a bit cheesy).  The fight scenes in this part were awesome, and I loved seeing Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario fight together; they all proved to be pretty badass.  The only thing is that I was kind of hoping to see more of the battle, instead of just hearing they won... and I was expecting the battle to go on into the finale... that leaves a good bit of room open for the last episode (although they need it with so many characters to catch up with).Arya:Getting closer to the money-maker of this episode, so let me say that I did enjoy Arya's part in this.  I'll be 100% honest with myself, I was expecting them to make her part more of a tear-jerker, but it definitely served it's part.  I loved how she saw Grey Wind go down, that definitely had it's emotion.  I'm also kind of relieved they didn't do the "Arya death fake out".  I think it just would have detracted from the RW and would not have been convincing on screen at all.  Can't wait to see how Maisie takes this role from here on out.Robb/Catelyn:Okay, otherwise I have only positive things to say, so I'll get the one negative out of the way first.  I was definitely hoping to see Cat's hysteria at the end there.  I wish they had done it, but I was so caught up in the scene I didn't even notice at first.  I'm going to go on now about what I loved.  I loooooooved the ominous door closing with the "Rains" starting- that was just as effective and more than I was hoping it would be.  Still get goosebumps from that.  I also like how they handled Talisa... stabbing her stomach was the most gruesome and tragic way to start this shit.  That look on Roose's face when Cat sees the chain mail... so damn disturbing and ominous, he nailed it in this scene.  The way Robb crawled to Talisa's body, the way the music stopped... Robb's last moan, "Mother..."  That was all perfect.  I could go on and on about all of it, but there was definitely one thing that stood out to me, the most effective element that made it all so damn powerful:  That would be Michelle Fairley's portrayal as Cat in her final moments.  I could feel her pain and desperation as she was calling to Robb to save himself... That second "Please!!!" tore a whole in me.  And when Robb died... that cry she gave... if her acting before that punched a whole in me, her last cry of pain, torment, and anguish simply killed me inside.  Her scream was resonating inside me well after she stopped and her throat was slit.  
So all in all, while few things were not what I expected I was very satisfied with the episode and feel that it did do justice to the book.  As far as the RW goes, of course the book was more effective.  Of course the book was more tragic, you were in Cat's head for all of that.  Still, brutally awesome episode.I'll give it a ten.  I could be nit-picky and go for 9.5 but at that point (along with comparing it to everything else on tv) I might as well just admit it was basically a 10 for me.  Can't wait for the finale.
					
					
							Edited by mystikherb, 03 June 2013 - 02:05 AM.
143	YourMomsBox	2013-06-03	Talissa's death was the worst of all in my opinion. It was a nasty shock for us book readers because it never went down that way. Throw in the fact that they stabbed her three times in the belly, it was truly awful even if I never really cared for that character. Damn it I was pretty much sucked in to Edmure's happiness over Roslin. I was half-wishing it just ended with that.
Of course it is a ten. We knew it was going to be an awesome episode or else it would be a huge disappointment.
144	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-03	10. Perfect. 10. Heartbroken. Next week doesn't look to be any better on that front...
145	Jon Black	2013-06-03	It was an 8 for me until the warging.Then, warging happened,Then, Jon left Ygritte.  (What a d-bag!, that shocked me!)It was a 9.The red wedding catapulted out of scale.I felt as if they didn't make him look like a d*ck.  They had Jon running as a means to survive (thus leaving it a bit ambiguous).  Ygritte was in no danger.
146	The Stark of Winterfell	2013-06-03	It was so hard to watch, but it was executed perfectly. 10.
147	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-03	8 out of 10.  It had it's moments but the atmosphere was not there.
148	Jon Black	2013-06-03	I had to give it at least a 4 or 5 because they finally left out King's Landing, Tyrion, Sansa, Cersei, etc.
They just needed to give that whole 'crew' and arc a rest for once.  It's a big series with plenty more to cover (now matter how much I like Tyrion and Co.).
149	templar7	2013-06-03	Heartbreaking. Lady Talisa's death was horrifying, perhaps the cruelest death in the series yet. The only complaint I can make is regarding Greywind. In the book the dire wolf wend down swinging. To see him shot down like a fish in a barrel was dissapointing. Having said that, The episode left me reeling, just like the book. Well done!!
150	VladofWallachia	2013-06-03	10!I was a little afraid there that they would kill off the Blackfish, but thankfully the call of nature saved him. The wedding was just perfect. Grey Wind's death was just so brutal. Didn't even have the chance to fight back...Talissa's death clearly shoots down the whole Switcharoo theory from the books, unfortunately.Robb's death was spot on, even though I am kinda sad that they made Roose do the dirty deed. In the book he wouldn't have dirtied his hands like that. Just re-read the RW and I completely missed that. I thought it was just some Bolton man. Apologies for the confusion.Cat's reaction at the end and her death were spot on. You can see the instant her heart broke (aka turned to stone).The stuff in Yunkai... meh-ish but still good. The Jon stuff... a little disappointed that Ygritte didn't get a shot off, but still it was also good.Bran... The departure of Rickon was just beautiful. That shot in which they went off into the night with that sky in front of them...Hmm...Maybe I should have given it a 9... Eh, too late...
					
					
							Edited by VladofWallachia, 03 June 2013 - 04:46 AM.
151	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-06-03	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.I felt it did. Every word out of Walder frey's mouth made me cringe. He made everyone very uncomfortable. He mocked the bread and salt ceremony and mocked the king and edmure with the girls. Although Cat didnt feel as much uneasiness, she did feel uncomfortable in several scenes.But then again you've probably seen the episode more than once so i may have just transferred my own interpretation of the situation onto cat.Either way I thought the episode as a whole was amazing, all the way up to the ending. they did do some things i felt that were interesting. One being the long pause for dramatic effect, capturing Cat's shock. The pause before she was then cut and falls. and the delay in fade to black after she hits the floor. It was like i was waiting for something more but it never came. The greatest thing for me was the credits with no music. the silence was deafening. I voted a 10 but im more 9.75.I havent seen much talk about Yunkai but OMG the trio of fighters with their different styles blew my mind! I LOVE LOVE LOVE greyworm! So totally what i pictured, perhaps even made it more apparent the fighting style of the unsullied phalanx formation. It was like watching 300 without the crazy dramatic sfx.I cried during the parting of the brothers and was anxious with Hodor. I didnt really cry during the ending. I LOVED the expression on Walder's face. "I can get another one"  I had a visceral response to Talisa's stabbing. several stabbings to the belly was crazy. I think better than mormont's axe in the gut. And the end with arya and greywind was so sad.Speaking of Arya, her fear and anxiousness while the hound was being slow was totally called for. I mean I felt that way when i was reading her chapter perhaps not as much excitement with the fires in the tents and the hound knocking her out with an ax, but it was good.Sam explaining the nightfort and Bran explaining the gift = Priceless! <3Gilly "You're a Wizard" TOTALLY MADE HIS AND MY DAY. Omg! <3
152	Sun	2013-06-03	Good ep. So painful. Gave it a 8. Lost a point for tired Dany scenes, and another for not allowing RW time to breath, time for the foreboding to build. That one scene between Roose and Catelyn was not enough. THey needed to allow the dread to build. Dany should have been left out of this ep.Edited to add:Daario is nearly as annoying in the show as he is in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 03 June 2013 - 02:12 AM.
153	templar7	2013-06-03	if they show the head swap next week they have to show the kiss of life too... they HAVE TO!Good call
154	Tirilei	2013-06-03	I gave it a 3. It was disappointing. Not the way it was filmed, but the way the plot went. Arya almost reaching her mother and brother, almost reaching Rob's wolf, but not getting to them. Jon being right outside of where Bran and Rickon were, without seeing them. All those "almosts." Just sad, disappointing, unsatisfying. I guess I'm glad I never read the books. The storyline just isn't all that it's said to be.
Plus, this episode was switching back and forth between locations every couple of minutes. And that Dario Naharis guy with his few little scratches to his girly face was just laughable.  The best part were the scenes with Edmure and Roslyn looking at each other.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 03 June 2013 - 02:09 AM.
155	Marakh	2013-06-03	A fucking masterpiece is what this was. It's too bad the season ends next week. I pity the viewers who are going into depression mode for a full calendar year.
At least we still had a couple more hundred pages after this in ASOS.
156	Marakh	2013-06-03	I gave it a 3. It was disappointing. Not the way it was filmed, but the way the plot went. Arya almost reaching her mother and brother, almost reaching Rob's wolf, but not getting to them. Jon being right outside of where Bran and Rickon were, without seeing them. All those "almosts." Just sad, disappointing, unsatisfying. I guess I'm glad I never read the books. The storyline just isn't all that it's said to be.Plus, this episode was switching back and forth between locations every couple of minutes. And that Dario Naharis guy with his few little scratches to his girly face was just laughable.  The best part were the scenes with Edmure and Roslyn looking at each other.said by who exactly?
157	TheEvilKing	2013-06-03	Robb's death was spot on, even though I am kinda sad that they made Roose do the dirty deed. In the book he wouldn't have dirtied his hands like that.Just curious, which books did you read?
158	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-06-03	So George squashed the Robb' s heir(son) theory for good! Sorry jeyne.
159	mystikherb	2013-06-03	Robb's death was spot on, even though I am kinda sad that they made Roose do the dirty deed. In the book he wouldn't have dirtied his hands like that.Umm... Do I gotta state the obvious here? Nah, I'm sure you'll be hearing back about this a good bit... but maybe you should give the RW chapter another read through... pay attention to the details ;]
160	templar7	2013-06-03	I love the darkness and unpredictability to the books and the show. I you want cookie cutter plots and happy endings, try a Disney movie!
161	Eira Seren	2013-06-03	Cat's scene was a bit underwhelming, I was afraid at first that they weren't going to do it.  But then she picked up that sword and. . . bam.  Well done.  The energy was finally there.  I was expecting things to move in the Red Wedding scene just a little faster, all in all, though, it did come off.  Just because I expected it to be more chaotic doesn't mean they didn't do a good job.
Really enjoyed the Dany scenes.  She's seems to do 'warrior queen' so much better than 'powerless beggar queen.'  Even though Daario doesn't have a blue beard, he clearly enjoys being as dramatic as possible.  I can practically hear Jorah rolling his eyes in the background.  Bran scenes are picking up, much better.  I think they've slowed the pace a bit there having Osha and Rickon along, but I enjoy seeing them and will miss them if they disappear from the next season.  And I have to credit Maisie Williams, she seems to be able to interact amazingly with almost any of her adult counterparts.  I always love her scenes.
Missed seeing the Queen of Thorns this week, but that was more than made up for by the crusty old Frey!  Such a terrific look he gives Rob during Edmund's wedding - 'see what you could've had?'  Heh.
162	Juli Cachet	2013-06-03	Oh. my. fucking. god. Brilliant. 10/10.
163	thenedstark	2013-06-03	1 trillion/10 (i voted 10/10 though). Great episode!!!?
164	Conchobar	2013-06-03	I gave it a 3. It was disappointing. Not the way it was filmed, but the way the plot went. Arya almost reaching her mother and brother, almost reaching Rob's wolf, but not getting to them. Jon being right outside of where Bran and Rickon were, without seeing them. All those "almosts." Just sad, disappointing, unsatisfying. I guess I'm glad I never read the books. The storyline just isn't all that it's said to be.Plus, this episode was switching back and forth between locations every couple of minutes. And that Dario Naharis guy with his few little scratches to his girly face was just laughable.  The best part were the scenes with Edmure and Roslyn looking at each other.Are you alright?
165	greywindsrage	2013-06-03	They should have had Arya free Grey Wind and have him take out some Freys before he died. However Michelle Fairly scream was chilling to the bone. One of the best endings. The choice to use no music during the credits was brilliant.
					
					
							Edited by greywindsrage, 03 June 2013 - 02:36 AM.
166	templar7	2013-06-03	They should have had Arya free Grey Wind and make take out some Freys before he died. However Michelle Fairlyscream was chilling to the bone. One of the best endings. The choice to use no music during the credits was brilliant.Yes, Greywind needed to kick some ass before going down!
167	Mr. Sven	2013-06-03	I can't really explain why I feel this way but there was just something about it that kept me from really liking the episode
168	Tirilei	2013-06-03	----Tirilei said:I gave it a 3. It was disappointing. Not the way it was filmed, but the way the plot went. Arya almost reaching her mother and brother, almost reaching Rob's wolf, but not getting to them. Jon being right outside of where Bran and Rickon were, without seeing them. All those "almosts." Just sad, disappointing, unsatisfying. I guess I'm glad I never read the books. The storyline just isn't all that it's said to be.Plus, this episode was switching back and forth between locations every couple of minutes. And that Dario Naharis guy with his few little scratches to his girly face was just laughable.  The best part were the scenes with Edmure and Roslyn looking at each other.-----said by who exactly? By those who are crazy about the books. Tastes vary, I suppose.
169	dudlite	2013-06-03	Brilliant, 9.5/10.
170	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-03	By those who are crazy about the books. Tastes vary, I suppose.Hang it there with the show for a bit longer, the bad guys are going to get some comeuppance.  And truly you can't enjoy those comeuppance  as much if you didn't hate them as much as you do because of the crap they pull like tonight.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 03 June 2013 - 02:44 AM.
171	Hodor86	2013-06-03	10 for me .excellent episode
172	7V3N	2013-06-03	Robb's death was spot on, even though I am kinda sad that they made Roose do the dirty deed. In the book he wouldn't have dirtied his hands like that.I want to tear you apart right now. But I will restrain. Read the books.
173	Crowned-Clown	2013-06-03	Cet Apisode est magnifique.
10/10
174	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-06-03	I have to agree that Michele Fairley's performance was awesome she really made the episode even though Catelyn is one of my least favorite characters. 10/10
175	Blackfish1992	2013-06-03	10 because the blackfish got out!
176	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-06-03	[BOOK SPOILERS]These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. Let me begin by saying this is my least favorite episode of the entire series and I am utterly disappointed. Benioff and Weiss were the whole reason I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire to begin with. Game of Thrones inspired me to pick up a novel and finish it for the very first time in my nineteen years of life. That novel in turn inspired me to read four more after that. I trusted them completely with this. The Red Wedding was their ultimate goal in the series and they've said it from the start. I am still in disbelief that they would butcher it so badly but I digress. Onto business.1. Robb's arrival at the Twins was an event in and of itself. His arrival and his death should have been spread out between two episodes as it was in the books with two successive Catelyn chapters. The entire event happened way too fast. For those who have not read the books, Greywind (Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s direwolf who has been largely missing from the show until randomly appearing in a KENNEL this episode) attacks some Freys in the rain as they greet the Starks to their castle. Robb, going through great pains to appease Walder Frey, decides to CHAIN his trusty direwolf outside (not in a damned dog kennel). Throughout their time at the Twins, Greywind howls in despair, sensing what is to come.2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy. She should not have been killed off. I<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill the Blackfish as well. How do they explain what he was even doing while his niece and great nephew (KING) were being slaughtered? I suppose he has magically escaped the castle and all the carnage outside to return to Riverrun, where he will most certainly be needed in the future for Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.4. Another thing that makes Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death less bleak is his childish disgruntlement towards Walder Frey throughout the episode. At this point in the books, Robb is genuinely sorry for what he did to his house and wants to make amends. He sustains every slight Walder throws at him without a flinch and handles himself extremely well at the Twins in the face of every petulant Frey. It<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to feel sorry for him here with those petty school boy heroics.5. Most of the deaths in this episode were incredibly underwhelming compared to the deaths in A Storm of Swords. This was for many reasons, unfortunately. First of all, overly dramatic music was being played over everything when we should have been treated to nothing but the Rains of Castamere slowly digressing into the boom doom boom of the musicians<U+0080><U+0099> drums. Secondly, Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s actor did an absolutely horrible job at displaying any sort of confusion, shock, fear, or despair. I heard he cried after he discovered how his character was to be killed but you never would have guessed he actually cared from his performance.Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s actor was MORE than capable of carrying out some of the horrific things G.R.R. Martin described in his books but for whatever reason, Benioff and Weiss decided to stray for something far drabber. Going catatonic may sound like a proper reaction to the soul crushing sight of what you think is your only surviving child being killed in front of you but when Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s scream fades out and she just stands there motionless, it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deliver the jarring reaction her death deserves. It looks more as if she just accepts it and stops struggling. In the books, she scratches her face to ribbons as she screams bloody murder and the Freys waste no time in apprehending her by the hair. As her braid is yanked back, she thinks <U+0080><U+009C>No, not my hair! Ned loves my hair!<U+0080><U+009D> This would have been absolutely perfect had those been her last words. She literally goes mad with grief but viewers simply can<U+0080><U+0099>t grasp the extent of that grief without lines such as this.Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s (Talisa<U+0080><U+0099>s) death, besides being totally uncanon, took away from the relationship between mother and son. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be about Jeyne or Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s child. It was supposed to be about Catelyn and HER child. This is the relationship we had come to understand in-depth from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s perspective since the first book. Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family were also supposed to be suspected conspirators in the Red Wedding. Their daughter was not planned to be killed along with the Starks despite Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s alleged devotion to Robb. As I mentioned before, a huge plot element hinges on her and her baby. By the fifth book, Blackfish holds Riverrun against the Lannisters with Jeyne tight under guard. He defends her with his life. Why would he do this if not to protect an heir? Now what are they going to come up with when G.R.R. Martin reveals Jeyne is pregnant with the King in the North<U+0080><U+0099>s son?Forget the main characters for a second; part of the horror of the Red Wedding was that so many people you were starting to like were all being slaughtered like farm animals. It is too much to expect to see minor characters such as Dacey Mormont and Smalljon Umber but surely their roles could have been replaced with existing characters in the show. Characters who, in the books, did not matter much. Lopping off the Greatjon<U+0080><U+0099>s head in place of his son<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been an excellent deviation as the Greatjon is supposed to be held captive then hardly ever mentioned again. Instead, we watch a bunch of bearded men who we<U+0080><U+0099>ve never even seen before being killed in humdrum fashions. No crossbow bolts through the mouth, no beheadings; none of that.I doubt it would have had an impact anyway since the gore in this episode was completely unrealistic and tainted by Hollywood action movies. People do not instantly lose consciousness when their throat is cut then fall to the floor dead. When your esophagus is severed, you lose the ability to breathe through your mouth/nose and begin breathing out of a hole in your neck. This is largely impossible though since the wound bleeds profusely, clogging your esophagus with fluids. You essentially drown on your own blood in a panic, making all sorts of horrible snorting noises for up to three minutes. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not even sure G.R.R. Martin was aware of this before writing the Red Wedding but slitting throats was never described as one fell graze upon the neck. Catelyn SAWED through this person<U+0080><U+0099>s throat until they died. Stabbing a person in their heart is another matter but looks like Bolton missed the mark! Roose had a tiny dagger in place of a longsword and apparently decided to stab Robb in the lower part of his lung (causing instant death<U+0080> ?).While all this is happening inside the castle, the Stark host outside is supposed to be burning to death by the masses as a result of giant feast tents rigged to catch fire and collapse on top of them. Rather than depict the elaborate trap G.R.R. Martin conceived, it is simply implied all the Stark men outside are put to the sword. Good thing the viewers have no idea how many Stark men there are in comparison to Bolton men or else they would surely question the effectiveness of an open, armed conflict.  6. Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s performance here was a huge disappointment. I was setting my expectations high assuming this actor would be the one to do everything right. I was thoroughly enjoying his portrayal of the Leech Lord up until this point. He seemed so smug whereas in the books, he barely made an attempt to talk to anyone. He played his part perfectly while most of the Freys were a nervous wreck. But he was never cheeky about it. Here, he looks like he<U+0080><U+0099>s taking great pleasure in taunting the Starks as if he hates them. Roose is a man who plays for the winning team and takes no particular joy in betrayal. He just accepts that it<U+0080><U+0099>s practical and carries out his atrocities without guilt. In addition to screwing up his behavior, the actor got his body movements all wrong as well. Roose is supposed to glide in and out of the hall as confident and smooth as can be. Here, he darts around, ducking his head and lunging out of harm<U+0080><U+0099>s way. It<U+0080><U+0099>s just so unlike the Lord of the Dreadfort. But most importantly, he says to Robb just before he stabs him <U+0080><U+009C>the LANNISTERS send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but WHY did you change that from <U+0080><U+009C>the Kingslayer sends his regards?<U+0080><U+009D> WHY do you think G.R.R. Martin set it up that way?! Cat is supposed to believe Jaime had a hand in her son<U+0080><U+0099>s demise from that statement. Cat FREED Jaime so she instantly thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s killed her own son with her foolish actions. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to believe that Jaime betrayed her later on in the series but of course viewers will never catch on to this.7. Lastly, Sandor & Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s story was poorly done here. Arya was supposed to be desperate trying to get into the Twins despite all the bloodshed so that she could see her mother and brother once again. The Hound somehow managed to knock her out and carry her off unseen without a fret but in the books, it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fight for survival. Frey men attack them and Sandor has to kill a few with an axe before Arya makes a run for it. Just as she<U+0080><U+0099>s about to reach the castle, the Hound hits her atop the head. It would have been a much more emotional scene to see Arya kicking and screaming as Sandor tries to subdue her like it was in A Storm of Swords.I was so hyped up for this moment ever since I read it in the books. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t tell you how immensely let down I am. This was meant to be the most significant event in the entire series and I do not feel they did it justice by any means. Viewers of the show will never know how much better it could have been; how much better it should have been. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not done with the series but I can definitely say now that I prefer G.R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s works over Benioff and Weiss<U+0080><U+0099>s any day. If they would just stick to the damned books instead of making their own changes all the time, I<U+0080><U+0099>d be happy. Cut what you need to but don<U+0080><U+0099>t add things that were never written down by the author. That<U+0080><U+0099>s rule No.1 of any adaption. I can only see this getting worse as the story progresses. Unless the producers get back on track and start doing things the way they should have done all along, I have no more hope left for Game of Thrones.
177	Gillio	2013-06-03	I gave it an 8.
Ran explained my disappointment over atmosphere better than i can!!
I have reread the books several times, and that chapter never fails to be haunting and heartwrenching. 
With all the extra sources of drama, it just didnt live up to the promise.
178	Holdfast	2013-06-03	A 10.  Complex storyline with tthe RW and they did a great job with the screen interpretation.  Even though I'd prepared myself, am left feeling shattered.  That final look between Robb and Catelyn just about did me in, as did the parting between Bran and Rickon.  Why GRRM, why do you hate the Starks so much??
179	MrsClegane	2013-06-03	I gave it 8/10.
I think the RW scene could be more epic but it was good anyways. I wish it was a little bit faster though. And I missed Cat's clawing her face. I think it could be done in more emotional and dynamic way. What I really loved about a weddng was Edmure. His reaction to Roslin was priceless.
I liked Bran & co. scene for the first time. And the kid who plays Rickon is really awesome. He brought me to tears in Maester Luwin's death scene and now too.
I love The Hound. He was sooo good! And quite funny as well when sitting on that wagon with the hood on. And the pigs feet scene! Although his last one with Arya when he hits her head with an axe could me more dramatic IMO.
180	Nordling	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTears
181	Dead The Poet	2013-06-03	Very underwhelming. Gregor's Nancy Boy makes an excellent post about my reasons why and I found Grey Wind's death practically PG, no impact on me what so ever, it just looked like he went to sleep.
I was far more touched by Rickon and Bran going on their seperate ways.
182	Meelis	2013-06-03	9 out of 10. Because Roose didnt wear a pink cloak.
183	Mel_Rose	2013-06-03	Considered giving a 9, but what the heck, if this doesn't deserve a 10 what does?I liked how it focused on only a few storylines. Also, it had a bit of everything:There was some comic relief before the RW.  Walder Frey's nod to Robb when Roslyn is unveiled (as in "look what you missed out on"), Blackfish being flirted by some Freys, Arya knocking the old trader out too, Edmure's face when he sees Roslin.I smirked with Daario's arrogance "I'm the greatest whistler". There was some nicely choreographed sword-fighting for those who love that kind of thing, some touching-hands flirtation for those who love that thing. I teared up seeing Rickon and Bran's farewell. I liked seeing Ygritte's face when she realised that she was betrayed and Jon was never loyal to her. I was excited to see the direwolves FINALLY. And then the event ...So an all-round good episode in my view.
184	Tori Targaryen	2013-06-03	10 of course. Was brilliant
185	Moseh Khayim	2013-06-03	9 out of 10. Because Roose didnt wear a pink cloak.Pink cloak might have been too much (maybe faded red), but I was looking at the cloak Edmure gave to his bride and for the life of me, I couldnt make out any Tully characteristics. Disappointment is a big word, but I would have liked some more of these elements from the books.Didnt mind the alteration in Cats end, although I didnt like the scream. Also wasnt really fond of the impact reactions (stabbing, crossbow bolts).However, the entire build up to the massacre was pretty great. I read the books, I knew what was coming, but there were times that I was actually smiling. Offcourse not during the betrayal itself. I don't think any non-reader knew exactly what was coming until Lothar(?) shut the doors. At that point, you knew it was going to take a turn for the worst.I do hope they are going to a better job of portraying the North's love for the Starks in the upcoming episodes/seasons. I mean, why single out the guy who played Wendel Manderly if they don't give him any lines during the RW-episode itself? Didn't get a good look as to what happened to him, but it does seem like the Blackfish escaped.Not going to give a rating. Don't feel like it with this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 03 June 2013 - 04:33 AM.
186	Jazzman	2013-06-03	I cried so hard!
187	Cadiva	2013-06-03	10 out of 10.They nailed it.Couldn't agree more. It was perfectly done, I was on a knife edge throughout the episode because I knew what was coming and it just ramped up the tension throughout. The whole episode was perfect imho and Bran's warging was brilliantly done.I also found the utter silence over the end credits to be more emotional than I expected, I just sat in utter silence for about five minutes until it ended.
188	lacuna	2013-06-03	Eight, for minor nitpicks and only a "passable" RW.
Michelle Fairley et al did well, but the scene was wrong. Catelyn has lost her husband, her father, Bran and Rickon are presumed dead, with no word of Arya, and Sansa is being held by the Lannisters, not to mention the foreboding she has towards the whole affair (sadly AWOL in the show). The fact that she smiled even once during the whole wedding seems wrong to me. Also, the lack of a Smalljon trying to protect his king, raising a glimmer of hope that the tide might turn if GRRM had a heart ( /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />), Dacey Mormont, the Greatjon fighting while drunk, with Arya desperately trying to get in all the while... All gone. I think they wasted so many opportunities to crush me completely.
For the nitpicks, why is it snowing on one side of the wall, and raining on the other? It's still pretty far north. The horses were standing outside, uncovered, and only the wildlings were wearing appropriate late autumn-wear for that part of Westeros IMO.
					
					
							Edited by lacuna, 03 June 2013 - 04:42 AM.
189	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-03	Glad that the eternal pessimists are in the minority on this one.  Over two thirds tens.  I should stop reading anything but the positive nitpick thread.  The only thing that felt off was the awkward final Daenerys scene.  But I'm of the previously mentioned mind that if you don't give this one a ten, what can you?
190	Lehnaru	2013-06-03	10/10. Easily the best episode yet; it did not disappoint. My heart was pounding the whole time.
191	VladofWallachia	2013-06-03	Just curious, which books did you read?All. About 2 times. A year ago.OK, I was going to write something else, but I went and re-read the RW. Really didn't catch the reference. When I read that first, I associated the pink cloak with Bolton, but not with Roose, so that's why it stuck in my mind that yea, someone from the Dreadfort did it.Yea, it was Roose. Sorry for the confusion. People make mistakes.
192	Cadiva	2013-06-03	Make it an unpleasant, uncomfortable wedding. Make a point of the horrible food, the horrible music, that it's all too loud and discordant and headache-inducing, something you suffer through. It's a horrible wedding -- people who have been to weddings have probably come across an awkard, trying one in their time, so they can sympathize. You want it to end, you want them to get on with it, not go, "Oh, well, here's a happy wedding, it's all worked out in the end."And I personally thought they did all that. There was tension throughout the episode, you could see in Cat's face that she wasn't entirely comfortable or relaxed well before the point at which she spotted Roose Bolton's armour. The Rains of Castamere being played perfectly ramped up the disquiet and tension and feeling of oddness and I think Michele Fairley nailed that absolutely to perfection.
193	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	Very nicely done.
Just watched it and I'm in a bit of a state of shock.
194	Ran	2013-06-03	... you could see in Cat's face that she wasn't entirely comfortable or relaxeI've tried to find that in the episode, rewatching several times, but near as I can tell, every glimpse of her up to the music features her smiling or laughing or generally being pretty cheerful. As is everyone else. It's not a bad wedding party. Talisa makes a point of it.
195	Boi	2013-06-03	Finally an episode with action that is not nudity. With dialogue that it not entirely vulgar or of the less talked about parts of the anatomy every conservation.Solid 9.5/10 excellent episode got be one of this shows best-0.5 For not having the flesh being ripped by the crows. Maybe she should have self multilated instead and shouting the names of her dead kin as she clawed at her own face?
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 03 June 2013 - 05:13 AM.
196	Cadiva	2013-06-03	I've tried to find that in the episode, rewatching several times, but near as I can tell, every glimpse of her up to the music features her smiling or laughing or generally being pretty cheerful. As is everyone else. It's not a bad wedding party. Talisa makes a point of it.Different opinions then, I found her expressions whether she was smiling or not, to still be a little odd, especially when she was looking at the top table and Edmure. Her smiles, for me, seemed to be more directed towards her brother than the wedding itself and when she was talking to Roose about his Frey bride I thought they had a discordant note to the whole conversation. For me Cat throughout the whole wedding ceremony and breakfast seemed to be uneasy and on an edge without knowing why and when the Rains started playing I think they perfectly portrayed her dawning recognition of what was going on.
197	The Hound's Lady	2013-06-03	Complete shit.  Hated it to the point of not wanting to watch the series anymore.  Eff you HBO.  Eff. You.
198	Frey Pies	2013-06-03	Best episode of the show. There is really nothing to complain about.
Madden and Fairley did a brilliant job portraying Robb and Catelyn.
Talisa's death was horrific. Jon, Bran, everything, perfect.
199	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-06-03	I will refrain from any niggling complaints (chiefly to do with how Talisa was handled and Arya) and just say that it was the Red Wedding, it was incredible and they got it almost down to a tee.
The Bran/Jon scene was also handled exceptionally well, especially the bit with Rickon having to leave and Bran warging Hodor.
Yunkai was good as well but looked a bit tame compared to the rest.
Catelyn absolutely blew the house down. I felt like clapping at that ending. Mesmerising.
The slow plodding start to the episode was a great idea. For show-fans, I guess it helps intensify the gripping and horrific finale.
9/10.
200	Sensuki Dorjan	2013-06-03	Make it an unpleasant, uncomfortable wedding. Make a point of the horrible food, the horrible music, that it's all too loud and discordant and headache-inducing, something you suffer through. It's a horrible wedding -- people who have been to weddings have probably come across an awkard, trying one in their time, so they can sympathize. You want it to end, you want them to get on with it, not go, "Oh, well, here's a happy wedding, it's all worked out in the end."Psychological horror films are capable of inducing dread and unease without resorting to narration and inner dialogue. The secret of Catelyn's last chapter is that it's basically a work of horror fiction, not fantasy, in terms of the mode in which it is written. George does everything but throw in the boogie man.Really, TV can do this stuff. Whether the writers want to do it or not, that's up to them. But it is possible.I feel as if I have to jump in here to your aid Elio, it seems like a lot of the time you're one of the only people to voice realistic criticism whereas everyone else is awash with fanboyism.I couldn't agree more. I also felt this was a serious cop out by David and Dan, and this season is really making me question whether they actually comprehend the material. They seem to only care about events, violence, gratituous sex and nudity and jerking themselves off writing retarded new scenes.
201	SeventySeven	2013-06-03	I gave it a 10, and this is the first 10. Best episode of the season by far.I was intermittently in tears since Jon left Ygritte behind, and then Rickon/Bran, poor wee Arya and Catelyn... It was so good. The RW was different than in the books, it had a very different feel to it as it was awkward but somewhat joyful, whereas in the books there was a feel of impending doom, but I think it worked fantastically anyway. I'm also so happy that Jon's storyline is finally shaping up nicely, and I now recognise the Jon I love in the books. Please, keep going in this direction and don't muck Jon up again!One thing I couldn't tell, did Blackfish die too?
202	andrew_	2013-06-03	Complete shit.  Hated it to the point of not wanting to watch the series anymore.  Eff you HBO.  Eff. You.I'm guessing you're either a non-reader or just extremely pretentious and a purist?
203	Nictarion	2013-06-03	A total 10. Michelle Fairly was amazing.This, so much! A shame they waited till her death scene to let her shine.
					
					
							Edited by Nictarion, 04 June 2013 - 07:48 AM.
204	ipsuel	2013-06-03	11 out of 10.
Brilliantly done -- brilliant job by Michelle Fairly.
205	Lord over Seas	2013-06-03	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.Totally agree there with you. So many details they forgot which could have set the atmosphere to a great point. (Edmure's wife crying during the whole wedding is the first that comes to my mind) Also, whatever happened to Greatjon Umber? I miss his him. It seems the writers thought it's the same character as BlackFish and saved some coin, but it seems pretty annoying to me to leave out such a great character (and so important in the RW IMO)On the other hand, Daenerys' scenes where well made, as always. Even having changed the conquest of Yunkai (I miss Belwas too), i like the way they're depicting the growing attraction between the mother of dragons and Daario, and Jorah's implication, though i think they could make it a little more subtle. They risk to transform this into a Sitcom love story (like Robb with Talysa... i'm glad she finally died), where it should be all about hidden and repressed attractions.And everything seems to be going fine in the north. I like it how they ended the Bran-Osha group, though Bran's telechinesis abilities seem to have appeared all of a sudden (mainly fault of the previous episodes) Jon's desertion seems a bit hastily made for what i had expected from the previous episodes. I never really liked how his relationship was depicted in the series, but in the last 2 episodes there was a build up growing in intensity between him and the wildling girl and when i saw the quick fighting  and escaping it just felt somewhat anticlimatic. 8/10 IMO, i liked it in general, leaving appart some flaws.
206	Titus Pullo	2013-06-03	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful.That for sure, but I gave it a 9. It lost another -0.5 for the "by the way, I saw Jon" scene with Bran. So bad.
207	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-03	Gave it a 10, best episode of the Series so far. People nit pick if they don't see every single thing that they want to see and bitch about it endlessly. It was a great episode from start to finish.
208	gmavridis	2013-06-03	Perfect 10
209	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Absolutely great.  My only problems:  1) Robb holding his wife after being pierced with arrows, not a tear in his eye.He was probably in shock.  The actor played the scene as if Robb were kind of "out of it" which was the right move.  His body is in shock, his mind is in disbelief, he doesn't know how to react.  He just stares like a zombie.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 06:21 AM.
210	Sand11751	2013-06-03	Seeing RW unfold was less intense than I expected. The scene in the book hurt a lot more, even though I had been spoiled for it by spending too much time on this board and knew what was coming. That said, the North remembers. I'd like to hear of Rain over the Twins or the Rains of the Dreadfort sometime soon. Make it happen GRRM.
211	lostinasia	2013-06-03	9/10 mainly because I pretty much don't give perfect scores. Oh, and also because of the giant "Huh?!" moment when Jorah explained how Yunkai had been taken.
Glad they didn't show Catelyn going into hysterics. I don't think that would have translated well to the screen. All the actors involved were fantastic.
Wasn't a big fan of the blocking, or whatever it's called, during the massacre: both Robb and Catelyn had almost fly-by killers. That makes sense because they wanted to focus on the dying stars, but still didn't quite work.
EDIT: Just want to say that I mostly thought it was fantastic! What I've written above looks a bit too negative - those were nitpicks.
					
					
							Edited by lostinasia, 03 June 2013 - 06:23 AM.
212	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-06-03	Ten.
- More connection with Talisa than plain ol' non-entity whatsherface Westerling. So the gut-wrenching death of Talisa made up for the lack of northern bannermen for me
- The RW was depicted as grubby, clinical, and completely lacking in any sort of poetic finale for characters. Which is how it should be. This isnt a glorious death. Its a shitty, unjust, unwarranted death, that should provoke rage.
- Catelyn. Her changes were understandable for TV, and Michelle Fairley made them incredible. When she screams into a catatonic state, you pretty much see her soul leave her body. Amazing. Fucking amazing actually.
- I could go on and on, but yeah, ten.
ETA: Definitely did not mean "the gut-wrenching death of Talisa" as a play on words. Fetus stabbing is never ok.
					
					
							Edited by Young Fish, 03 June 2013 - 06:27 AM.
213	DolorousKim	2013-06-03	While a good, solid, and emotionally charged episode, it didn't deliver on all that I expected this event to be, especially considering that this was the key event that made the Producers want to make this adaptation in the first place.  I gave it an 8.What worked for me:David Bradley's portrayal of Walder Frey was mind-blowing in its awesomeness.   In every scene where he's needling Rob (and his own daughters and granddaughters in the bargain), my unsullied husband was laughing out loud, and I just sat there thinking, Dude, don't even start liking this character, he truly is one of the most despicable POS characters in the whole series...  Yet even knowing how things would turn out, I was smiling along, too.  Now that is some great acting, and the dialogue sure didn't suck either.Rob's asking his mother's advice (finally) - Yes, as Ran stated in his analysis, it was a bit too little, too late, but still, I was glad that this scene was in there, as it at least evoked a smidgen of the love and respect that these two characters shared.  Well acted by Michelle Fairley and Richard Madden.Arya vs. The Hound tete a tete - Maisie Williams and Rory McCann nailed this scene; it was both funny and heart-wrenching at the same time. Funny, because boy, these two sure know how to push each others' buttons!  Heart-wrenching because it really did sum up how very close Arya was to her one and only desire, a reunion with her family, yet how she seems destined to never achieve it.Death of Grey Wind - at first I was pissed that the direwolf was never freed and allowed to go out like a heroic legend, but instead, was dispatched with no more effort than shooting fish in a barrel.  On second thought, though, the emotions evoked by not having the viewer see the actual killing shots, but rather just hear the mournful cries of Grey Wind as he dies was actually more powerful IMHO.What didn't work for me:They should have saved the scenes in Yunkai, Jon and the Wildlings, and Bran and company in the tower room for another episode.  Each of these events are very important in their own right (Dany's major victory over the slaver city, Jon's abandonment of the Wildlings and his escape, Bran's first purposeful warging of both Hodor and Summer) and should have had more time and space to breath.  Here they were wasted in the wake of the Red Wedding.At least one or two scenes establishing Robb's relationships to his key bannermen/women would have gone far setting up the emotional devastation of their deaths.  As things played out, seeing random Northmen getting butchered really didn't have any where near the emotional impact  it should have had and only contributed to the overall savagery of the event.Robb and Talisa's baby naming scene - I know why the scene was included, but it came off as being really cliched and unnecessary to me.Cat's catatonia - Since Jinglebell was never introduced, I guess it made sense to substitute Lord Walder's young wife, but it still seemed to hit a false note to me.  But more importantly, where was the face rending, or her protestations not to cut her hair, as Ned always loved it?  Having her stand mute and catatonic as her throat was cut was yet another choice that significantly dampened the emotional impact of the final scene.I think that this episode falls short of Blackwater in the capturing one of the most major events in the ASoIaF series.  It didn't succeed as well in setting up the atmosphere of dread and the overall level of tension, nor was its delivery of the actual climax realized as well.
214	Michael Stark Thenextwolf	2013-06-03	About to watch it on demand just got home from work.  Happy im watching alone cuz I might cry a bit....
215	Weirwoodwhisper	2013-06-03	That Bran scene was about time! I've been waiting all season for my favorite subplot of the series to get going! I'm also still waiting for Coldhands, but I hope I'll see him next time.
The Daenerys scenes were kind of meh to disapointing. Was hoping to see Barristan kick some ass, but got Grey Worm instead. It still made sense though and was ok to watch so meh.
Anyways, now towards the wedding. It did not live up to what I imagined while reading, especially the part where Catlyn claws at her own face. Also Talisas death makes some events in ADWD impossible to adapt to the series and it also means tha Robb has no heir. But despite those small complaints I liked the Red Wedding, especially the Sandor and Arya part.
Best scene: Bran's warging and his farewell to Osha and Rickon
Worst scene: impatient Daenerys
All in all: 9 out of 10 and my personal favorite episode this season
216	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-06-03	I'm somewhat surprised at all the tens in all honesty.
I tend to agree with much of the "official" review (especially regarding the "Oh Shit! It's a trap! Moment). In all honesty, I found the RW somewhat underwhelming. There were a few nice twists (stabbing Talisa in the womb multiple times was pretty shocking, as was Catelyn slitting his wife's throat), but overall, I really didn't feel that much sadness. Obviously I've read it several times before, so the impact might have dulled a bit, and perhaps the burning of the tents next week will bring a degree of gravitas to the occasion, yet for the most part, it really wasn't that effective.
Why is this? I think a lot of it simply stems from the fact that I give far less of a shit about show Robb, show Catelyn etc than I do their book counterparts. That's a result of two seasons' worth of poor characterisation, which cannot be saved by piling on the sympathy at the RW. The seeds for the RW should have been sowed months prior. They weren't, and that lessened the occasion for me. There were other things too. Grey Wind dying like a bitch, Arya acting so damned calm about the whole thing. Obviously, the scene did its job; Twitter went apeshit, people will probably be shocked. I can't help thinking though that it could have been so much better.
The Bran/Rickon scene did far much more for me emotionally than the RW. I think the separation was done nicely, I liked the way that Jojen and Meera took a back seat to allow the Osha/Rickon/Bran relationship to flourish. All in all I thought that bit was fantastic (maybe seeing the attack through Summer's eyes would have made it even better, but meh). All the other scenes were fine (there is only so much you can do with choreographed sword-fights).
I gave it an 8. I should've given it a 7. It was by no means a 10. Breaking Bad 3X12/13, 4X13 are tens. The Wire 2X11, 4x12/13 is a ten. This was not a ten.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 03 June 2013 - 07:00 AM.
217	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard.Looking forward to reading your full review and your weekly video.  I'm sort of wondering why you gave it as high as an 8, because your comments sound like you didn't care for the episode very much.Or maybe you just didn't like that particular aspect (lack of dread, unpleasantness before the sudden betrayal)...
218	Zar Lannister	2013-06-03	I thought the episode was great.
I do agree with TV Robb not being as charismatic as book Robb, though.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 03 June 2013 - 06:42 AM.
219	Slingingstones	2013-06-03	Roose-- wtf? Chainmail!!  YOU S.O.B.!!!!
E + 1
220	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-03	9/10. By FAR the best episode of the season so far (and up there with Blackwater for the best overall), but I was still irked by some of the more pointless omissions. None of Roose giving Robb Theon's skin, no Sandor kicking ass... but eh.
Still an amazing episode. I knew it was coming as well as anyone, but the incredible acting ensured it still hurt.
221	MysteryNinja	2013-06-03	I'm pretty conflicted over this episode. It was excellent, no doubt about that. I was glued to the screen, even though I knew what was going to happen. In anticipation of the episode, I didn't expect them to top the books in terms of impact of the Red Wedding - I expected a good adaptation, nothing more, and they delivered it well. The GOT Red Wedding was more about the shock than the horror or sadness of it, I felt (as some others said too).
There were some fun moments that stayed with me, the presentation of the Frey women, Arya and the Hound with the farmer, the guy who played Walder Frey really seemed to enjoy his role; the acting was, as always, top class in this episode.
One scene just made me shake my head though: the invasion of Yunkai. I mean, hasn't GRRM tried to convey in the series that three men going against 10+ opponents in reality is not a cue for 'badass fighting' but in most cases for wounding, disfigurement or death for the disadvantaged side? I thought that scene, and the ensuing 'surprise, he's not dead, just some splatters!' was pretty cheap, tbh.
I gave it an 8 because of the above and some other, littler, irks. I was oscillating between 8 and 9, might still go back and change.
222	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-03	[BOOK SPOILERS]lolololololollolololol.This is the ultimate nitpick.
223	Greyjoy67	2013-06-03	It doesn't get better. It gets worse the more time you have to analyse what was left out and how important those things were.I couldn't read that scene in the book -- heck, I couldn't read most of the book following that scene -- until a week or so ago.It had very little impact on me on the screen.You guys are entitled to your opinion as ever, but you're in the minority on this one it looks like. It was numbing television.
224	Tywin's Honour	2013-06-03	I gave it a 7/10. Although I may be criticised, I felt that the scene didn't carry the emotional weight of the book. It would be nigh impossible to accurately convey the impending dread of Cat via her inner monologues. Particularly with her astute understanding of Grey Wind's apprehension.
The lack of buildup for Robb's bannermen really hurt the scene, I feel. I always got the impression that Frey's great hall was actually much larger and subsequently, more were slaughtered. The amount depicted here was of the number expected at a regular house party. 
As aforementioned, I missed the table flipping whilst protecting Robb. Such an action imparted so much credence upon Robb's leadership and the loyalty of his men. 
On the plus side, Cat's despair was portrayed perfectly. Would have liked the face raking. But overall, well done. My phone went off as soon as the episode finished by all my non-reader friends expressing their bewilderment and the "bullshit" of it all.
225	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	oh wow, that was a good episode, 10/10 but I really wanted cat clawing her face!
226	The Storm King	2013-06-03	10/10 wow i was dreading the episode and it was as horrible as as i thought it would be /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
227	Enutie	2013-06-03	Im shaking. It was so heardbreaking.
228	Mulled Wino	2013-06-03	Im going 8, but I want to give it 7.5.  The taking of Yunkai was really really really bad.  Wtf was that, 3 dudes take down the effn city?  
I continue to be disappointed by the lack of urgency in the Sam scenes.  What happened to all those birds?
I was underwhelmed by the RW as well.  It was a good tv scene, which is why I still went with an 8 but it could have been so much better imo.  I didnt particulary love book Robb, but I felt for him.  Tv Robb, I really couldnt have cared less about 
Now the other Stark kids did it for me in a big way.  Huge.  Arya and The Hound, Bran and Rickon were great.  A few nitpicks there and with Jon but the scenes made for fantastic tv.
229	Lord Freypie	2013-06-03	I'm in the disappointed minority.
I think they could have done much better with that part of the story, and failed to capture the worrying ambiance of the wedding.
Was so disappointed gave it a 4 just after watching, although I recognize it probably deserved a 6-8 according to previous episodes I noted better (but a 10... seriously ?).
For me the Tyrion-Sansa wedding was adapted far better than this one.
230	Joakim Knutseth	2013-06-03	I rated it a 9.
Would have given it a 10, if there was a scene at the Red Wedding with the Greatjon rambling around piss drunk and smashing faces in.
I've always hated the Talisa character, but her death was so brilliant and savage that it actually made me like her.
231	mafalda	2013-06-03	Regardless of my very mixed feelings for this ep, I immediately started to cry when the Rains of Castamere started playing. My Unsullied bf and his friends were like wtf..Almost 12 hours later that damn song is still stuck in my head.A lion still has claaawwsss...
232	Cybvep	2013-06-03	9/10. I would give 10, but the battle of Yunkai was totally unrealistic crap. The fighting sequence in Queenscrown was poor, too, although I liked the eagle.
					
					
							Edited by Cybvep, 03 June 2013 - 07:37 AM.
233	Michael Stark Thenextwolf	2013-06-03	By far the best part of the episode was Rickon and Bran.  I really like Rickon getting  to say a bit, I always wanted a bit more Rickon in the books. "I know how to swing a sword"
234	Pure Guava	2013-06-03	9, though it deserves a 9.5 (I don't think I could give anything a perfect score). Brutal as all hell, almost as bad as it was for me when I read it. Really enjoyed how they tried to trick the non-book readers by dousing the wedding with levity.
235	Underzaker	2013-06-03	10/10
Fantastic episode
Loved  99% of it and I liked how they made Cat Catatonic.
My only nitpick is that I always imagined showing roose coming up from behind , focusing on his legs first and having the sword linger in Robb's body. 
Just one question. Rickon is going to the umbers? Is this a plot change?
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 03 June 2013 - 08:15 AM.
236	Keepsu	2013-06-03	The elk bugling in the background of the Sam/Gilly scene was, again, a nice touch.
The RW didn't work for me.
A solid 5.
237	eurorenz	2013-06-03	10... *still crying!
238	Serr Parker	2013-06-03	Perfect, even stuff that's not in the RW. Hell Rickon's actor is a hell of a lot better than Bran's wonder how much we'll see of him
239	karna1983	2013-06-03	I give it a 9, only because of the way Grey Wind dead and no Umbers fighting. I wanted to see some fight back.
240	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	They should have had Arya free Grey Wind and have him take out some Freys before he died. However Michelle Fairly scream was chilling to the bone. One of the best endings. The choice to use no music during the credits was brilliant. ahh I thought this was actually going to happen. I was like yelling at my screen "do it! do it! for god sakes do it!!!" but she didn't I was like aaaahh. but its ok. also I felt Jons scene leaving the wildlings was too little, I was really expecting some more direwolf and man fighting side by side action /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> maybe I just always want more diewolves action. plus I was disappointed that Ygritte didn't shoot Jon and Cat didn't claw her face....  well all this being said though still a great episode, if only those few things were there it would have been perfect and I could die happy haha, still I gave it a 10 because it really was very good
241	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	Copied from the nitpick thread:The writing was once again very weak in places.The Arya/Hound scenes continue to be very disappointing.Dany's scenes were literally just about Daario, Barristan and Jorah, and the rivalries between them... Hers is one of the few stories with a central female protagonist, so it's extremely disappointing that she was essentially reduced to a background character this episode.Similarly, Jorah's dialogue to Barristan (repeating what Barristan had said in episode 5) felt a little too... obvious. D&D really need to learn subtlety.The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".The throat-slitting looked really cheap. Obviously there are limitations with television, but in that case they should have adapted to the problems.At the end, I thought the massacre felt like a shock-moment, rather than how in the books it felt completely natural (like with Ned's death - it was shocking but felt natural). I can't help but feel that D&D read the Red Wedding and thought "WOW what a shocking twist!" and approached the adaptation of that scene with the idea of making it as shocking as possible.Cat's death was very disappointing.Arya running around the Twins felt so odd. Northerners were being massacred all around her, but there was no real sense of danger, urgency or desperation... just shock.Queenscrown was a bit odd too... It never really felt like Jon was in danger, considering that the wildlings basically stood back as he killed Orell. And the way he killed Orell felt a little bit sadistic to me too.Bran's lack of reaction to seeing Jon was a bit strange too.Repeatedly stabbing Talisa in the stomach was just unnecessary.The episode was enjoyable enough, but like others since season two it doesn't really stand up to even a shallow analysis. 7/10
242	Ser Luke.	2013-06-03	It is incredibly rare when I feel this emotional about a TV show...
10/10. 
By far the greatest episode of the series.
243	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Copied from the nitpick thread:The writing was once again very weak in places.The Arya/Hound scenes continue to be very disappointing.Dany's scenes were literally just about Daario, Barristan and Jorah, and the rivalries between them... Hers is one of the few stories with a central female protagonist, so it's extremely disappointing that she was essentially reduced to a background character this episode.Similarly, Jorah's dialogue to Barristan (repeating what Barristan had said in episode 5) felt a little too... obvious. D&D really need to learn subtlety.The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".The throat-slitting looked really cheap. Obviously there are limitations with television, but in that case they should have adapted to the problems.At the end, I thought the massacre felt like a shock-moment, rather than how in the books it felt completely natural (like with Ned's death - it was shocking but felt natural). I can't help but feel that D&D read the Red Wedding and thought "WOW what a shocking twist!" and approached the adaptation of that scene with the idea of making it as shocking as possible.Cat's death was very disappointing.Arya running around the Twins felt so odd. Northerners were being massacred all around her, but there was no real sense of danger, urgency or desperation... just shock.Queenscrown was a bit odd too... It never really felt like Jon was in danger, considering that the wildlings basically stood back as he killed Orell. And the way he killed Orell felt a little bit sadistic to me too.Bran's lack of reaction to seeing Jon was a bit strange too.Repeatedly stabbing Talisa in the stomach was just unnecessary.The episode was enjoyable enough, but like others since season two it doesn't really stand up to even a shallow analysis.7/10How is that a 7 (and "enjoyable") and not a 1?  Sounds like you didn't like anything.
244	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	How is that a 7 (and "enjoyable") and not a 1?  Sounds like you didn't like anything. The acting was great, the directing was quite good, the music was fantastic, and the story was generally enjoyable. But there were a lot of problems that should be obvious. Some of them were just personal taste however (the Arya criticisms especially) which don't really affect my rating. If I was comparing the show to truly excellent shows (e.g. Breaking Bad, Mad Men), it would be a lower score. But compared to other GoT episodes this season, I think 7/10 is right.
245	TheDarkEye	2013-06-03	Robb's look on his face was sad to tears...
I really think they should've played the sad soundtrack they played in season 1 after Ned's beheading... I would've cried for years then...
246	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-06-03	Regardless of my very mixed feelings for this ep, I immediately started to cry when the Rains of Castamere started playing. My Unsullied bf and his friends were like wtf..Almost 12 hours later that damn song is still stuck in my head.A lion still has claaawwsss...Oh man, me too. I thought the cello version of it was very haunting and appropriate. I burst into tears when it started. I've had it stuck in my head this morning too.
247	Greyjoy67	2013-06-03	Copied from the nitpick thread:The writing was once again very weak in places.The Arya/Hound scenes continue to be very disappointing.Dany's scenes were literally just about Daario, Barristan and Jorah, and the rivalries between them... Hers is one of the few stories with a central female protagonist, so it's extremely disappointing that she was essentially reduced to a background character this episode.Similarly, Jorah's dialogue to Barristan (repeating what Barristan had said in episode 5) felt a little too... obvious. D&D really need to learn subtlety.The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".The throat-slitting looked really cheap. Obviously there are limitations with television, but in that case they should have adapted to the problems.At the end, I thought the massacre felt like a shock-moment, rather than how in the books it felt completely natural (like with Ned's death - it was shocking but felt natural). I can't help but feel that D&D read the Red Wedding and thought "WOW what a shocking twist!" and approached the adaptation of that scene with the idea of making it as shocking as possible.Cat's death was very disappointing.Arya running around the Twins felt so odd. Northerners were being massacred all around her, but there was no real sense of danger, urgency or desperation... just shock.Queenscrown was a bit odd too... It never really felt like Jon was in danger, considering that the wildlings basically stood back as he killed Orell. And the way he killed Orell felt a little bit sadistic to me too.Bran's lack of reaction to seeing Jon was a bit strange too.Repeatedly stabbing Talisa in the stomach was just unnecessary.The episode was enjoyable enough, but like others since season two it doesn't really stand up to even a shallow analysis.7/10I've absolutely no idea why you watch the show - I've never seen a positive review. - The wedding. It IS a massive shock. Allow it eh?- HOW was the writing weak? Please, please elaborate and give examples, because you raise this point every week when everything indicates that the contrary is the case. It's one of the best written on television. Arya v The Hound was a fantastic example. - In fact, that leads onto my next point - D&D DO understand subtlety, thus why the writing is so good and we don't see everything blurted out all the time, like some people seem to want it to be. The books are great, but because of the nature of it, GRRM will often describe everything in excruciating detail. Some viewers seem to want the show to be like that as well - it won't be. Cos it's a TV show. And cos it'd be shite if they did it that way. Although I get the feeling you'd still call the writing bad either way.- The Barristan thing.... I know you're obsessed with Dany's scenes to the point where you nitpick everything in them, but really? Rhaegar? It'd have killed the pacing and momentum of the entire episode. It'd deviate from the current plot. It'd be messy. It'd be random as fuck - he's not been mentioned in this series really, so surely we should allow the writers the time to write his stuff in over the next season or two? The backstory Rhaegar supplies Dany is very important and deserves the proper treatment, not the odd line here and there.- Arya WOULD be shocked. She's a kid. Did you expect her to run in all guns blazing? It also followed on from the whole "you're worried that you've come so far and won't get there" - you could see it in her eyes, she knew what was happening. It was brilliant acting from Maisie. - The stabbing of Talisa hammered home the shock for me. No idea why people thought it unnecessary.
248	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-03	How is that a 7 (and "enjoyable") and not a 1?  Sounds like you didn't like anything.It seems pretty common here that people fail to write balanced descriptions of their opinions. The good is often just brushed over and then it's all delving into the negative, despite claiming to enjoy it.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 03 June 2013 - 09:30 AM.
249	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	I've absolutely no idea why you watch the show - I've never seen a positive review.- The wedding. It IS a massive shock. Allow it eh?- HOW was the writing weak? Please, please elaborate and give examples, because you raise this point every week when everything indicates that the contrary is the case. It's one of the best written on television. Arya v The Hound was a fantastic example.- In fact, that leads onto my next point - D&D DO understand subtlety, thus why the writing is so good and we don't see everything blurted out all the time, like some people seem to want it to be. The books are great, but because of the nature of it, GRRM will often describe everything in excruciating detail. Some viewers seem to want the show to be like that as well - it won't be. Cos it's a TV show. And cos it'd be shite if they did it that way. Although I get the feeling you'd still call the writing bad either way.- The Barristan thing.... I know you're obsessed with Dany's scenes to the point where you nitpick everything in them, but really? Rhaegar? It'd have killed the pacing and momentum of the entire episode. It'd deviate from the current plot. It'd be messy. It'd be random as fuck - he's not been mentioned in this series really, so surely we should allow the writers the time to write his stuff in over the next season or two? The backstory Rhaegar supplies Dany is very important and deserves the proper treatment, not the odd line here and there.- Arya WOULD be shocked. She's a kid. Did you expect her to run in all guns blazing? It also followed on from the whole "you're worried that you've come so far and won't get there" - you could see it in her eyes, she knew what was happening. It was brilliant acting from Maisie.- The stabbing of Talisa hammered home the shock for me. No idea why people thought it unnecessary.The writing was weak "IN PLACES". Particularly the Dany scenes, Walder Frey's over-the-top insults of Talisa (and Robb STEPPING FORWARD in retaliation? WTF). It's far from being one of the best written shows on TV - there are too many inconsistencies.No, they're "subtle" in the wrong places. They forget to explain crucial plot points and leave some things to the imagination of readers, but they're far too explicit with parts that SHOULD be more subtle (character motivations, characterisation, etc.)Ugh, you seem to be severely misunderstanding my point. In Dany's chapter during the battle of Yunkai, she anxiously awaits news of the battle and so uses Barristan as a form of escapism. They discuss Rhaegar. That could have been done perfectly without disrupting the narrative, but instead they decided to have Barristan get drunk instead. It's lazy, insulting, a wasted opportunity, and just disappointing.Of course Arya would be shocked, but the key word was "just". That's all there is. The writing and directing doesn't give her the opportunity to show her desperation, her fear, her urgency, etc.I think stabbing her once would be gruesome, but in-line with the massacre. Stabbing her repeatedly (and creating a pregnancy just for this moment) was just gratuitous.ETA: I think some of you struggle to understand why I'm so critical of the show because you're looking at the responses to the show as "LIKE" or "DISLIKE". My response to the show is far more complex than that. I like a lot about the show, as I've listed countless times (the cast, music, scenery, CGI), but there are also a lot of things I dislike. Generally the show is enjoyable, but it doesn't stand up to any sort of analysis, which is disappointing and means it cannot ever be compared to the truly great TV shows of our era.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 03 June 2013 - 09:35 AM.
250	Isy	2013-06-03	Another fantastic episode.Pacing slightly strange because of the scene changes, but overall this kept the pace fast andmeant the episode was an emotional rollercoaster all the way to end of the silent credits. I thought they dealt with the RW very well, it may differ from book RW but this was the TV show's take on it, and they did bloody well.
251	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-06-03	I gave it a 10, but it's more like a 9.5. Minor quibbles about lack of Cat clawing her face and no "don't cut my hair" line. I need to watch it again, as I was watching a bit too much like a book nerd and looking for all the book things (like the above, Grey Wind being loosed, the arrows to start flying immediately, Robb to say "Grey Wind" as his last words).
Still, it was heart wrenching and awful. I'm still thinking about it this morning. Other stuff in the ep was good, especially Bran/Rickon. Even though that parting wasn't in the books, it was very touching and got me choked up. I'm hoping we'll see some of Osha and Rickon in the next season, since GRRM is fond of TV Osha. Maybe we'll see Osha get word of the RW, decide it's not safe to go to the Umbers, and make the turn for Skagos. Jon finally showed some Book Jon. The Dany plot was a little meh, but I don't care for Dany on TV or books, so I'm not going to take off points for that.
Overall, I felt it was a great episode.
252	Ran	2013-06-03	How often can you repeat "Excellent production values, good actors, great plot"? They are default positions. 
Episode-by-episode, analysis would naturally instead focus on the things that stand out in the depiction, and particularly the things that don't work. Why those rather than the things that do? Well, because it's an adaptation, usually "what works" is stuff that we're already familiar with: story and character and plot points from the novels. Saying "the Red Wedding is great" is something we've all heard for for over a decade. Saying "the adaptation did not establish the same atmosphere as the novel" is something we could not say before yesterday.
253	andrew_	2013-06-03	The people complaining about the lack about the lack of burning tents, look at the promo for next weekhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=qJ4paRnLmWI
254	WhatIsDeadMayNeverLive	2013-06-03	It made my heart hurt even though I hated TV Robb. 10/10
255	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	I think stabbing her once would be gruesome, but in-line with the massacre. Stabbing her repeatedly (and creating a pregnancy just for this moment) was just gratuitous.I don't think you'd stab just once.  The goal is to kill her and make sure the fetus is dead, so multiple stabs make sense.  As for creating the pregnancy just for that, well, how is that any more "gratuitous" than Catelyn ripping her face, or sewing's Robb's head on Grey Wind?  It is intended to shock and horrify. Personally, I'm greatly appreciative that the showrunners managed to recreate some of the shock/horror I felt upon my first reading of that chapter by adding a character and scene that fit, yet that wasn't in the original text.
256	A Redeemed Hound	2013-06-03	Watched it twice last night but still can't decide on how to rate it.
257	mrs_serpounce	2013-06-03	How often can you repeat "Excellent production values, good actors, great plot"? They are default positions.Episode-by-episode, analysis would naturally instead focus on the things that stand out in the depiction, and particularly the things that don't work. Why those rather than the things that do? Well, because it's an adaptation, usually "what works" is stuff that we're already familiar with: story and character and plot points from the novels. Saying "the Red Wedding is great" is something we've all heard for for over a decade. Saying "the adaptation did not establish the same atmosphere as the novel" is something we could not say before yesterday.While it's quite true that now people have the ability to say that where before they didn't, YMMV. IMO, as a book reader who had the Red Wedding spoiled for me prior to reading it, the television adaption moved me in a way the book didn't. It left me shaking, nauseous and broken, despite being the only person in a room of six people who knew what was going to happen. I thought it was brilliantly acted, and while the dread was built up more slowly and quietly than in the book, I think it served the scene better overall. Having it telegraphed via the drums early on would have been overkill, IMO. The Unsullied I was watching alongside already had "this is going entirely too well" foreboding prior to the door being shut and locked - that moment, and the moment when the Rains of Castamere started, did plenty to coalesce the dread into a coherent "oh, NO" kind of moment for them.TBH, no offense, Ran, but when I read the site analysis of this episode, I was pretty shocked. I'm left feeling that there's really not much the show can do any longer to impress; it's devolved into a fairly endless "the show just can't live up to the book" this season if you go by most of the recaps. There are things I'm disappointed by in the show adaption, as well, but IMO, the Red Wedding isn't one of them. Whereas the book was just another scene for me, yesterday's visuals were devastating, and are going to stay with me a long time.
258	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-03	How often can you repeat "Excellent production values, good actors, great plot"? They are default positions.Episode-by-episode, analysis would naturally instead focus on the things that stand out in the depiction, and particularly the things that don't work. Why those rather than the things that do? Well, because it's an adaptation, usually "what works" is stuff that we're already familiar with: story and character and plot points from the novels. Saying "the Red Wedding is great" is something we've all heard for for over a decade. Saying "the adaptation did not establish the same atmosphere as the novel" is something we could not say before yesterday.How often can people repeat "it's different from the book", "it loses complexity/nuance", "it's gratuitous" and whatever else people are saying often? There's nothing inherently different from going into detail about things that don't work than there is to go into detail about why things are good. That things that are good are already familiar doesn't really work for me either since there's plenty of scenes that people have found good that are either completely new or are shown differently because of the differences in mediums.I just don't see how there's any difference in treating the good and the bad other than just that everyone chooses what they want to focus on.To make myself clear this is just a question about the point you made here. I'm not asking about anything in your recap as I haven't gotten around to reading it yet.
259	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-06-03	Riveting, powerful television.  The RW scenes were incredibly tense and dramatic, with a payoff just as horrifying as what I'd imagined, despite any changes.  The rest of the episode was outstanding as well; it's fairly incredible how much they managed to pack into an hour!  A few minor nitpicks here and there but nothing to get hung up about - 10/10.
260	teej6	2013-06-03	The best of the season. Michelle Fairley was superb.
261	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	I gave it a 10. Did not dissapoint me one bit.
262	Reposado	2013-06-03	certainly one of the best two or three of the season (maybe the best) and almost the best by a good margin.
it showed a. that the writers are capable of great things when they sit down and plan to write an episode of television, and not a compilation of scenes
and b. that too often, they just mash things together. the dany scenes were just stuck in there and would have been better off in another episode when they could have breathed a bit more. extending the run up to the massacre would have made the episode even better
263	mrlukeduke	2013-06-03	All the Dani stuff was horrible, just horrible through and through. The rest was ok, a few bizarre changes as usual.
The RW was brutal though!
I give it 6.
264	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-03	A VERY strong 9/10
I would have loved to give it a 10/10, but there were some things that didn't make me feel it was a perfect episode. This was one of the greatest episodes of GoT, and it was so full off spectacular moments that I'll not even try to tell about all of them. Highlights for me were: The Hound and Arya, "no more Hodoring!", Rickon and Bran /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> , Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm as the three musketeers, all the gruesome deaths (four important characters and a direwolf died in this one episode, now that's brutal), and the performances of pretty much all the actors at the RW, Roose just letting Cat see the chainmail sent shivers down my spine. The scene was heartbreaking, and I'm currently really, really sad and melancholic, everything seems so meaningless /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> . Michelle Fairley crushed my heart, and that part where she pleaded Robb to save himself was even more heartbreaking than in the book. RIP Robb, Cat, Talisa, old man who got shot by Ygritte and all you northmen who didn't deserve what you got (no RIP to Orell, didn't like you).
What left me a bit disappointed, and was the major reason for this rating not being a 10, was the music during the RW. It wasn't chaotic and loud, and the Rains didn't play when the slaughter actually started. AND WHERE WAS THE DRUM? WHY COULDN'T THEY KEEP THE DRUM?! That drum was one of the things about that scene that still haunts me in my dreams, and I have NO idea why they didn't have it in the show. At first I thought Cat's final moments were a bit odd, but when rewatching (yes, I actually managed to rewatch the scene), I understood how we got to see that her scream when she cut Walder's wife's throat was her dying scream. She lost her will to live, and while she did not claw her face, it left us with a pretty haunting image, though my gripe is that it looked a tad fake.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 03 June 2013 - 12:12 PM.
265	The Killer Snark	2013-06-03	10. They got it pretty much perfect. Harrowing. The substitution of Frey's wife for Jinglebell never made any difference. Catelyn never tore her own face apart before she died as she does in the books, but it was still an uneasy watch. Having Robb's wife die first instead of disappearing as she does in the books was an excellent idea. I wonder how people out there who haven't read the series are going to feel about this episode. Having read the series first, I'm still disquieted by the carnage that ensued.
266	A Man Has Said	2013-06-03	The best episode yet. The worst episode so far, just gut wrenching. I gave it a 10.
The only objection I have to it should actually fall on the earlier episodes, which didn't do ANYthing to set up how important the guest right tradition is in Westeros/Essos world. In the books they foreshadow that, mentioning it at least 2 or 3 times before the RW.
GRRM sure likes to crank up the emotional investment that his readers have to put into his books. The Frey hatred on Twitter is good evidence of that.
267	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	How often can you repeat "Excellent production values, good actors, great plot"? They are default positions.Episode-by-episode, analysis would naturally instead focus on the things that stand out in the depiction, and particularly the things that don't work. Why those rather than the things that do? Well, because it's an adaptation, usually "what works" is stuff that we're already familiar with: story and character and plot points from the novels. Saying "the Red Wedding is great" is something we've all heard for for over a decade. Saying "the adaptation did not establish the same atmosphere as the novel" is something we could not say before yesterday.this statement seems a little strange to me.  So basically, there are only 2 categories of things book readers could possibly like about the show.1) the acting, which is "good" and the production values which are very good.  but we have mentioned these things so they're not worth mentioning again.2) the plot, because it's the plot we already know and love.  and, based on a lot of comments i see here, we only appreciate the plot insofar as it replicates faithfully the plot from the books, which is good a plot.  again, this is not worth mentioning because everyone knows we like the books.therefore: any specific comments about an episode must be negative.They way I look at it:Every episode is full of innumerable choices (or flourishes or quirks or their own personal "spin", etc.) that the actors and crew have made/added, when given the established framework of book. The choices are specific and they can and should be discussed.  A lot of us happen to like many of these choices that the show made.  As a result, we tend to like the show in general and take pleasure in discussing how these specific choices impressed us and why.Likewise, another group of people dislikes almost all of these specific choices and as a result don't seem to like the show much at all.  They of course like the books on which it is based, they appreciate that someone attempted to bring them to life onscreen, and they believe the people behind the show (with the exception of David and Dan, who tend to do things wrong) are largely competent professionals from an objective standpoint, but they don't enjoy the overall product.  Why not? Mostly--I seem to hear--because it's not like it was described in the books.So I don't think it's as simple as "everything good to say about the show has already been said" and does not bear repeating; it could be that you don't think it's a very good show (and certainly not a good adaptation) and just don't enjoy it that muchEDIT: I should also state that the above was only responding to Ran's specific comment (and many similar comments by  book readers) and not to Elio's show analysis in general, which is quite balanced and regularly goes into specifics regarding likes and dislikes.  All the more reason I thought the statement was strange.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 02:27 PM.
268	Azzazel	2013-06-03	Are people really complaining that the RW was too gratuitous? LOL
269	Isy	2013-06-03	I tried watching the episode again, but as soon as I saw Robb and Cat I had to turn it off again. The ending was so distressing that it may take me a few days before I can rewatch it. Am absolutely dreading re-reading these chapters once I get to them!
270	Ran	2013-06-03	Khal Pono,
I said "usually" what works. Given that about 90% of the story and the characters is from the books, it's not a surprise that 90% of what works is also from the books.
But there are things they add that work well -- Joyeuse as Catelyn's victim was smart, Theon in that candle-lit room on Pyke, Irri and Rakharo's arguments, Ned spotting Arya and directing Yoren's gaze to her -- that one praises. But they are relatively few and far between, since again, 90% of what's on the screen is from the novels.
One need not say, "Hey, the story is good." It's a given. That's the source material, it's being adapted because it's good. So how well do they do it? And where do they deviate, and why, and how well does that work?
That's the way I view it, of course. There are many who choose to simply put the books aside and simply watch it as a show. That's their right.
271	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-06-03	No, it only matters to the people who assume that a Robb Stark who has never warged before and about whom nobody says that his eyes roll at the moment of his death somehow did a warg level 100 trick and entered Grey Wind. The only evidence is that a continuity error would suggest he had extraordinary physical power and some dialogue that would suggest warg dreams, completely different from entering your wolf at the moment of your death.It's never been stated by Martin but every Stark child we've had a POV of has been able to warg into their direwolves with the exception of Sansa. And that's just because Sansa's wolf died too early. The only reason we never see Robb do it is because we're always looking through Cat's perspective. We do know that Greywind was always at his side though and Robb would talk about him often. Wargs are known to enter their animal's bodies once they die. We've seen it multiple times in the books and never has a warg died without shifting. Robb didn't have to be a master warg or even understand what his "dreams" actually meant to enter the body of Greywind upon his death.I also don't know how it is possible to criticize the evident anti-conventional and anti-climatic quality of GW dying like he did and Arya seeing it (and assuming what happens from it), as opposed to him being liberated by a Westerling and going down fighting.Robb's wolf died like he did in the books because either he warged into him (like I believe) or he felt his master die and fell into a rage. Greywind was a fierce, Northern beast who went out like a Southron poodle in the show.
272	Snookson	2013-06-03	I'll preface this by saying I gave this episode a 10. There were several nitpicky things that bugged me, but those were lost in my awe for the great adaptation of the RW. I was really worried going into this episode that they would rush it, or it wouldn't be as severe as the books, or they would dramatically change some aspect of the murders. I feel like D&D did just about as good of a job as the could considering the limitations and format of the current show.
Things I loved:
The humorous lines and quips towards the beginning of the event. Showed just how clueless the Northmen were.
How they spaced out the drama during the RW. It wasn't just one long scene but an event throughout the episode.
The shutting of the door and The Rains of Castamere.
Cat's slow realization and Roose's sly glances at her and Robb.
Cat's acting... just, wow. Brilliant.
I was surprised how much I cared about Talisa's murder. I really didn't care for her character in the show at all. But the brutality with which she is stabbed while being pregnant just caught me off guard. I think I audibly gasped. The carnage was just perfect in keeping true to the goriness of the book. Glad they didn't sugarcoat anything.
Things I thought could have been improved:
The biggest peeve I had with the scene was that the Northmen did not fight back at all. I know they were caught by surprise and had no weapons, but it was the same in the books and they still managed a small counter attack. Where was the Greatjon clubbing people in the head with chunks of meat? Where was the table being flipped over to use as a shield with crossbow quarrels flew around? I would have liked a little resistance.
Would have liked a little bit more of the dread seeping into Cat's mind. Where was the spurned dance which originally led to Catelyn's discomfort? Or looking around and noticing the "moderate" Frey's all missing from the hall. Which brings me to also realizing that we didn't get to see any of the Frey brood's unease.
Roose's drive-by knifing was kind of strange also.
Missed the annoying discordant music and poor fare. It is a small detail but goes along with the slow ramping up of the feeling that something is wrong.
I don't know if Roslyn wasn't informed of the plan, but she seemed a bit too happy to me.
Also I am hoping we will see the large part of Robb's army being slaughtered outside the walls in the next episode.
I realize I am nitpicking here, these are simply observations.
I don't understand people questioning Robb's lack of sadness or emotion at the death of his pregnant wife. He was just completely taken by surprise by Frey's hostility after seemingly offering them his hospitality and protection. That is something that was never broken; A sacred vow. He was clearly in shock. I thought it was played nicely.
Now don't get me wrong, I loved the episode. That is why I gave it a 10. That being said, I hated the Yunkai sneak attack that Jorah, Grey Worm and Daario pulled off. Seriously, what the hell was that? I felt like I was watching Power Rangers. And they get flooded by a huge number of guards, yet come back to say they just threw down their weapons despite outnumbering the attackers over tenfold? Weird.
Arya's scenes with The Hound were great.
Didn't really care for Jon and the wildlings scenes. Would have liked a little more recognition with the dire wolves. On the other hand, if he didn't high tail it out of there he would have been cut down or shot.
Bran and co. I was actually surprised with. That is one story that I haven't cared much for thus far, but I enjoyed the scenes in the last episode. Rickon speaks out of nowhere!
2 things that made my laugh my ass off during the episode:
YER A WIZARD, SAMMY
YER A WARG, BRANNY
					
					
							Edited by Snookson, 03 June 2013 - 03:32 PM.
273	jarl the climber	2013-06-03	I'd have to say that Danys storyline kind of seemed a little confused. The fight scene was decent but they cut away when her guys looked like they were going to be slaughtered and did not do a good job in explaining how they survived and ended up winning the day. Would have liked to see Dany and Barristan conversing similar to the way they did in the book while waiting for the outcome. I suppose they will have other oppurtunities to do this going forward.
I'm sort of up in the air about the RW show version. One thing that never made sense in either the book or the TV version is how Robb did not know about Bolton capturing and releasing Jaimie.The whole garrison of Harrenhal knew Jaimie had been there, it was not a secret. Overall there were to many clues in the books, things that should have put Robb and his people on their guards There are a lot fewer holes in the TV version, its more beleivable that Robb fell into this trap but it did lack some of the subtlties of the book. I gave the episode an 8, would have been higher but Danys stuff was weak.
I want to add that I agree with Snookson. Robb was in shock and was trying to die with honor on his feet like the fellow at Queenscrown. His wife was dead, his kid was dead, he was dead and he just wanted to get on with it.
274	Snookson	2013-06-03	I'd have to say that Danys storyline kind of seemed a little confused. The fight scene was decent but they cut away when her guys looked like they were going to be slaughtered and did not do a good job in explaining how they survived and ended up winning the day. Would have liked to see Dany and Barristan conversing similar to the way they did in the book while waiting for the outcome. I suppose they will have other oppurtunities to do this going forward.I'm sort of up in the air about the RW show version. One thing that never made sense in either the book or the TV version is how Robb did not know about Bolton capturing and releasing Jaimie.The whole garrison of Harrenhal knew Jaimie had been there, it was not a secret. Overall there were to many clues in the books, things that should have put Robb and his people on their guards There are a lot fewer holes in the TV version, its more beleivable that Robb fell into this trap but it did lack some of the subtlties of the book. I gave the episode an 8, would have been higher but Danys stuff was weak.I want to add that I agree with Snookson. Robb was in shock and was trying to die with honor on his feet like the fellow at Queenscrown. His wife was dead, his kid was dead, he was dead and he just wanted to get on with it.I feel like when Robb says "Mother..." he just wants her to shut up so he can die. Nice observation.
275	dawgs4ever	2013-06-03	Didn't feel like the RW was epic enough or had enough build up.  Should've been more sense of impending doom that Robb and others were foolishly ignorant of, like in the book.  Should've been more greatjon and more actual fighting rather than just a slaughter.  The feast hall wasn't nearly as big as I pictured in my head when reading that story either. 
Didn't like how Greywind was handled at all.  Should've had him howling early on and had him chained up outside where he could at least do a little damage before dying.  Greywind going out like that seemed like a really pathetic and lazy adaptation, IMHO. 
The Danaerys scenes were ok, but the capturing of the city was really meh.  Having guards just randomly come out in huge numbers from out of nowhere.. makes no sense..  silly scene, even though it was nice to see the different types of combat on display.
Also agree with others that the Hound/Arya scenes at the end could have been more dramatic.  Arya wasn't nearly as "urgent" as she should have been trying to get into the camp once she figured out what was going on.  And the Hound should've had to cleave a few folks while chasing after her. 
Despite all of that, though, I still gave it an 8.  Powerful stuff.  Just could have been, and deserved to be, so much more powerful.
276	Songlian	2013-06-03	Best episode of all three seasons. I want my knees back. 
20/10
277	mafalda	2013-06-03	I pity Dany /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />She's such a loved character but was so hated in this ep. She's my favorite and if she's not in an ep I get kind of pissy about it but she did not belong in this one. This was about the STARKS, and to add yunkai in was so off putting. I have yet to read one review out of the five boards I've read over on Ep09 saying they enjoyed Dany, when usually we're all "yeah, Dany's a badass!"..Now, some of you I have to shake my finger at *shakes it* Can we all be adult enough to agree to disagree? I am the first to admit that I am a purist, not ashamed to admit it. I'm reasonable though, and usually try to contain my nitpicks to the negative nitpicking board. But people who did not enjoy whatever about this ep should be able to feel free to post about it wherever. I, personally, am just an overly meticulous, analytical person. I analyze everything, it's just my personality. So, that being said, even if there's a plethora of things I dislike about an ep, I still think that Game of Thrones is one of the most brilliant shows on tv right now. We don't have a lot, with reality crap like the kardummians taking over, and all of these ridiculous singing competitions. I love Game of Thrones, but I cannot take off my Analyzing Cap for anything. I do the same thing with any and all adaptations, especially the Harry Potter films.. I read all the books and constantly compared them to the movies. Just because, I mean, I don't know about anyone else, but there are certain scenes or dialogue that I really look forward to, and when it's left out I get kind of bummed.Anyhoo, this was the biggest episode of the season, so y'all know that there will be a ton of opinions (negative and positive). It's crazy when I read all the posts attacking people who didn't like this or that (ie, "the purists are gonna piss themselves lololol" "when will the purists stop complaining!!"). Yeah, some people take the nitpicking overboard, but if that's how they felt, then they should be able to express it. They shouldn't have to be contained to only one board. I have yet to read one post responding to a purist asking them how they feel the way they did (I know that sometimes I get very interested in why people think certain scenes didn't turn out right, or why they hate this character, etc, especially if I like it!) they just constantly get attacked with the "stop complaining!" or "why do you even watch it!" We can totally disagree with one another.. what would the boards be if everyone was all "OMG I love DD, they do everything perfectly, there are no flaws with the show!" or "Ugh, I hate this episode, it was the worst, I rated it a 1, because Roose said 'The Lannisters' instead of 'Jaime'!" I just think that we can all be civil about it.Don't worry, be happy...
278	Maizel	2013-06-03	This episode fracking rocked. 
It made me forgive all unJayne Westerling from Ashaii, and all the faults they (imo) have made with Arya, the hound, and the whole bran Company,
For me this is the best episode of Agot so far.
As every book reader,  I knew what was going to happen. 
The marriage feast was also well done. I felt jolly,  even though I knew some beloved characters would soon snuff it. 
I can't even imagine how blindsided non-readers were.
Jorah even got some action.
It doesn't get much better than this.
Onto season 9,  I say.
Agot forever.
279	templar7	2013-06-03	Complete shit.  Hated it to the point of not wanting to watch the series anymore.  Eff you HBO.  Eff. You.Try a Disney movie then, you may sleep easier!
280	templar7	2013-06-03	I feel as if I have to jump in here to your aid Elio, it seems like a lot of the time you're one of the only people to voice realistic criticism whereas everyone else is awash with fanboyism.I couldn't agree more. I also felt this was a serious cop out by David and Dan, and this season is really making me question whether they actually comprehend the material. They seem to only care about events, violence, gratituous sex and nudity and jerking themselves off writing retarded new scenes.Hahaha! You are obviously not a producer! If you are so enraged about this episode, how have you gotten this far? 10 episodes to cover 600 pages is not easy.
281	I love Cersei	2013-06-03	Rated this 8/10 - Still in the books everything is a gazillion times better. No exaggeration. You just can't do them justice on TV, with budget and time constraints anyway.
Now pluses and minuses:
+ This episode was moving.
+ Tension could be felt during the episode.
+ This episode didn't include a single scene that was really poor.
+ Most scenes didn't seem overly rushed this time. (Could have done without Dany this episode, to give her story more time/impact in the future, but still.)
+ Rains of Castamere song was well recognizable.
+ The silent credits were really powerful.
+ Loved Michelle Fairley's performance and portrayal of Catelyn.
+ Loved Tobias Menzies' performance (Edmure).
+ Loved David Bradley' performance and portrayal of Walder Frey.
+ Loved how Arya talked to Sandor. Good acting by Maisie Williams.
- Why again Sandor did knock out Arya? Would have loved to see Sandor's fight scene and how he stops Arya from running into the castle. At least the scene could have ended when Arya hit the ground, to leave us a little cliff hanger.
- No fight/resistance during the RW, just a tiny slaughter. No army/burning tents. No sense of the real measure (!) of the event. Oh well, budget I guess. The atmosphere still felt right, though.
- The wildlings great battle-like run to the hut with the single old man seemed a little dumb.
- Anticipated a great landscape shot of Queenscrown, including the walk there through the lake. I felt a little let down by what we got, but that may be personal - very minor nitpick.
- Almost forgot about Sam and Gilly's easy stroll through the park. I liked their interaction, but still: what the hell happend since they fled the ravens? Pity we didn't got to see them where we left them the last time.
- The queasy feeling that too much was left out doesn't go away.
282	Patchface123	2013-06-03	I have one problem with this episode, and that is that they tried to fit too much into it. When I read the book, Queenscrown, The Red Wedding and The Purple Wedding with aftermath was the three big things for me. And they put two of these in the same episode. The Red Wedding scenes are great, but it is unfair to Queenscrown and Yunkai, no one will remember those scenes. We have had slow episodes like episode 7 when almost nothing happens. Why put all action in episode 9 every season?
283	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	Hahaha! You are obviously not a producer! If you are so enraged about this episode, how have you gotten this far? 10 episodes to cover 600 pages is not easy. They seem to have found plenty of spare time this season for gratuitous torture and a storyline about Podrick with whores, so I don't think it's accurate to say that most of the problems this season are due to time constraints.
284	King of the Road	2013-06-03	- No fight/resistance during the RW, just a tiny slaughter. No army/burning tents. No sense of the real measure (!) of the event. Oh well, budget I guess. The atmosphere still felt right, though.We could see this next episode, there're a lot of shots of burning tents in the preview. Even if it isn't shown, I don't think it detracts from the emotional impact, but I would nonetheless put good money on seeing some kind of resistance/battle in the next episode.
285	Where Boars Glow	2013-06-03	I thought it was going to be near impossible to nail the timing...but they did. Best episode of the series so far, Incredible. 11
286	Honourable Ser	2013-06-03	There's no such thing as putting too much weight on the book.													 I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but there absolutely is. To dock points because of a few minor changes? I know I always disagree with your ratings for the show, but given the incredible response this has garnered from the entire world I like to think I can say this with complete assurance - the book is by no means everything.
287	Francisco R. Fonseca	2013-06-03	I gave it a 10. I loved the episode. Funny thing is, and I want to ask if anyone else felt this way, as a reader knowing what was coming I still was shocked and taken back to when I read it. Did anyone else feel that way? I read as if it was a movie/show in my head so I could picture all the gory details, but it was still something else and well done.
288	Freebird6699	2013-06-03	I cried too but the TV show really did not do justice to the intensity of the Red Wedding in the books! The lack of drums and a cacophony of sounds was the biggest issue for me...Also no greywind acting weird/No Catelyn insisting on being fed bread as soon as they come! Nothing..Expected so much moreYou nailed the reason I didn't vote for a 10.  I really wanted to see Greywind take out some Frey's. The customs of the time and the books are very important and add to all the tension, so I don't understand why they leave them out.  How much more dialog can it add to talk about making sure you eat so you are a guest and have hospitality rites.  They have watered down the wolves too.  At least we got to see Shaggydog and Summer save Jon, but the books have so much more of the bonding that goes on with the Stark children and their wolves.
289	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2013-06-03	The only objection I have to it should actually fall on the earlier episodes, which didn't do ANYthing to set up how important the guest right tradition is in Westeros/Essos world. In the books they foreshadow that, mentioning it at least 2 or 3 times before the RW.Have to agree with this.  The show went out of its way to illustrate the platter of bread and salt and Robb and the guests partaking of same, yet we had not one line explaining this.  Although Walder said that the guests were now under his protection, I think it is quite a leap to expect the casual viewer (non-book and those not familiar with a tradition of guest-right that goes back to the Bronze Age!) to connect the two.I don't post much here, and I definitely don't nitpick (life's too short) but this was a bit of a blip in an otherwise excellent episode.  So too were the Dany scenes, which seemed incongruous in what was largely a Stark-centric episode (and I love Dany!)
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 03 June 2013 - 08:26 PM.
290	Mr Hodor	2013-06-03	10. Even after all these years RW can still shock me.
Played skyrim and killed mercer frey over and over again for revenge.
291	ipsuel	2013-06-03	I gave it a 10. I loved the episode. Funny thing is, and I want to ask if anyone else felt this way, as a reader knowing what was coming I still was shocked and taken back to when I read it. Did anyone else feel that way? I read as if it was a movie/show in my head so I could picture all the gory details, but it was still something else and well done.I can relate. I read the books (many, many times) and knew what was coming. Yet, it still got to me. I'm usually quite critical of the show vs. the books -- but I think they nailed it. It was perfect for me.
292	Steve Stark	2013-06-03	Either an eight or a nine.
I concur on the lack of bread and salt references, and as much as I fully support Dany scenes I think the episode should have focused more on the Starks so as not to take away from the fall of Yunkai.
Overall, great television.
Now I can openly tell my non-reader friends that I hate Roose so bad. If I was doing Arya's little prayer right now, it would go: "Little Finger, Roose Bolton, Joffrey, Cersei, Lord Frey..." well that's the start of it anyway.
293	Fey	2013-06-03	10. Shocked me as much as it did in the books, and brought out the exact same feelings.
294	King Kev.	2013-06-03	Ahem, here I go.This was a captivating episode of television. This is upper echelon shit right here. I have never, EVER, been so powerfully moved in the way I was after that final scene while watching a television show. I've seen tons of television shows, and there are scenes that come close, but not like this. Going to give some bulleted thoughts below.First off, going to get the other stuff out of the way. Queenscrown was great, and I really loved how Bran and Jon were so close to each other. I loved Orell's death, and how Jon was all "You were right all along." Then cue eagle assault. I almost thought the damn creature plucked out Jon's eye, but luckily not, haha.We had some Dany, which was fine. I loved the Jorah, Grey Worm, Daario trifecta assault. They all had distinct fighting styles, and it was overall a badass scene.Gilly and Sam was fine. Nothing extraordinary, but I loved when Gilly called Sam a "wizard".On to the big stuff; the reason the whole episode was so moving was how everything was executed. They let you as an audience get settled in, and everything seems fine. They carry off Edmure and Roslin to be bedded, and then shit hits the fan. First off, the closing of the doors and the playing of the Rains of Castamere ratcheted up the tension to a hundred percent. Then you had Catelyn realizing something was off, which then led to Roose revealing he was wearing chainmail with a big ass smirk on his face. And then BAM!It went by so fast, with no time to catch your breath. Five stab assaults right in the baby! Crossbow bolts into Robb's chest! Stark host slaughtered! Catelyn slammed with a crossbow bolt from behind. Arya watching Grey Wind get slaughtered in the pens. God, it was fucking awesome and terrible at the same time.The final scene, maaaan. Roose ending Robb's life with "The Lannisters send their regards." Catelyn's pleas, and then the Frey wife's throat slit. And then Catelyn just stares ahead, catatonic. Slit throat. Candlelight. Silent credits.10/10. Shit was hardcore.
					
					
							Edited by King Kev., 03 June 2013 - 09:01 PM.
295	Dove	2013-06-03	9/10. Absolutely incredible, as a picky fan you can't help but always think it could have been handled better (and we've all been waiting for this moment so it's going to be extra scrutinized) but I had the shakes big time and cried so it was still extremely effective. The silent credits - perfect.
Michelle Fairley knocked it out of the park. I found the way her breakdown was handled to be completely haunting, and it probably worked a lot better on screen than the more overwrought and melodramatic insane laughing and face clawing would have been. That dead thousand yard stare before she's killed makes me literally uncomfortable to look at.
It most definitely would have been a 10/10 if the directing had been less awkward and taking of Yunkai handled in a better, less confusing way, even if the Daario/Jorah/Grey Worm brofest battle was pretty fun.
					
					
							Edited by Hunt, 03 June 2013 - 09:11 PM.
296	KnightsOfDany	2013-06-03	Just so powerful 10 out of 10 they struck every emotional part in my body and i knew it was coming, im at a loss for words
297	Nami	2013-06-03	9 almost 10
Just because I missed some things about the RW, like Cat clawing her face and laughing like crazy, though I can understand they took that out for impact.
The lack of bonding between mother and son and more about Robb and Talisa, a couple I can't stand. But I confess her belly stabbing shocked me.
The only episode this season I can give a 10 is episode 4
					
					
							Edited by Nami, 03 June 2013 - 09:19 PM.
298	giodude	2013-06-03	10/10. Finally some worthwhile Rickon dialogue too: "I'm you're brother and I want to be with you to protect you."
Basically hit all the emotional chords. I'd nitpick, but I'd round a 9.5 to 10.
299	Dragon Doll	2013-06-03	Loved it.
But i didn't cry.
I cried in the book.
I cry in pixar movies.
Hell, i cried in spiderman 3.
It missed the thing that makes me cry, so it got a 9.
But it was still awesome, awesome usually gets an 8, so that shows you how much i still loved it.
Edit: Who gave it a 1????????
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 03 June 2013 - 09:49 PM.
300	wolverine	2013-06-03	Loved it.But i didn't cry.I cried in the book.I cry in pixar movies.Hell, i cried in spiderman 3.It missed the thing that makes me cry, so it got a 9.But it was still awesome, awesome usually gets an 8, so that shows you how much i still loved it.Edit: Who gave it a 1????????Nazi book purist upset the color of someone's napkin was wrong.
301	Daenerys Must Die	2013-06-03	Edit: Who gave it a 1????????Trolls I'd assume - every episode gets some 1 votes which I never can take as seriously.. and if they are then I don't see why they'd bother watching the show.I gave it a 9 initially but ultimately I couldn't resist the urge to bump it up to a 10 due to the Twitter reactions & YouTube reaction videos.. I can nitpick plenty of things but all-in-all I was just completely lost in the moment which doesn't happen often to me watching a television show (Breaking Bad, The Wire come to mind which writing wise are a bit better but this story in itself is more suitable to my tastes)I thought I would cry but I didn't - My heart started racing as soon as the doors to the great hall slammed shut which was such an eerie moment.. I wasn't sure I could handle it again. That on top of Roose's exchange of glances with Catelyn were absolutely fantastic.. a few more of those kinds of moments would have been nice but again I'm not complaining.Michelle Fairley was brilliant and Talisa's death was a lot more disturbing to me than I thought it would be (and I did, as did many, correctly assume it would be an attack on the womb)
302	Steve Stark	2013-06-03	Nazi book purist upset the color of someone's napkin was wrong.The napkin colors were wrong!? I might have to downgrade my rating now, gods save us.
303	Mr. Lemoncloak	2013-06-03	for me its 10/10 simply because they had the courage to make this incredibly horrible scene hsppen on tv, without any restrictions. i know its hbo and they are popular for being very adult, but this was just unreal. perfect although it was pretty different then the book.
304	teej6	2013-06-03	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard. I know what you mean. But it's very hard to translate books onto screen, especially if they are a much loved series with charcters and scenes that people love and begin to identify with such as ASOIAF. Most people might not agree but Peter Jackson's LOTR movies weren't better than Tolkien's written words. The only adaptation that I can think of that was better on screen than in the books was the Godfather Parts I and II and that's becoz the books weren't that great and since Coppola is such a good filmaker. But overall this episode worked in terms of the acting, pacing, direction. And there was a sense of foreboding by just looking at Michelle Fairley's face.
305	Maizel	2013-06-03	Best episode so far.
306	House Balstroko	2013-06-03	10/10 They absolutely nailed this episode. It was packed with many emotional scenes.The whole Red Wedding, but also Jon leaving Ygritte  and the moment Bran and Rickon split up. Such a heavy episode. Well worth the wait.
307	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	soooo glad Catelyn didn't claw her face... kept it as something special for the book.  Let Michelle Fairley's performance shine.  Entire scene was perfect.
308	ramsaysvuvuzela	2013-06-03	I've read all the online reviews today and I kind of feel bad. I felt like they messed up the story with this "Talisa" character. It was supposed to be Jeyne Westerling. Being a purist, this annoyed me. And, the actress was annoying in her interviews with her, "Oh, it's so romantic!" stuff. I cheered when they stabbed her. And really, Robb Stark messed up and did deserve to die. He went back on his promise to wed a Frey. This is about power. Frey wanted a queen. That is why Sansa was married off to Tyrion. That's why Robb had to die. 
And, it makes me ill on the casting of Daario Naharis. He's not supposed to look like a soap opera character. Blech!!
Arya & Tyrion have always been my favorites. I hope they devote much more screen time to the both. 
*Owner of a Valyrian Steel Sword. Needle, of course. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
309	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	rewatch this episode and focus on how happy Maisey Williams is when she arrives at the front door.  The last smile she'll ever have...turns my stomach... That, for me, is one of the best achievements of this adaptation
310	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	I felt like they messed up the story with this "Talisa" character. It was supposed to be Jeyne Westerling. Being a purist, this annoyed me. And, the actress was annoying in her interviews with her, "Oh, it's so romantic!" stuff. I cheered when they stabbed her. aMy girlfriend cheered too, and shes not a book purist, only tv watcher.  She just straight up hated her. haha....but cheering at that brutality? Pretty dark.  Dont know what i got myself into haha.
311	Prince Oberyn Martell	2013-06-03	Rosalind was all wrong. She wasn't sad or nervous at all really.Focusing on Rob and Talisa vs Rob and Cat changed the scene and somehow, though gripping and shocking, was not as emotionally horrific as Cat's POV in the book.I loved the episode but it just doesn't come close to the emotional punch the scene packed in the book.I don't see how it could have the same emotional punch since you already knew what was going to happen.  I personally loved the episode, 10/10.
312	wolverine	2013-06-03	My girlfriend cheered too, and shes not a book purist, only tv watcher.  She just straight up hated her. haha....but cheering at that brutality? Pretty dark.  Dont know what i got myself into haha.No shit.  That is pretty scary.
313	ramsaysvuvuzela	2013-06-03	My girlfriend cheered too, and shes not a book purist, only tv watcher.  She just straight up hated her. haha....but cheering at that brutality? Pretty dark.  Dont know what i got myself into haha.Thanks! I feel so much better now. I'd keep your girlfriend, she's just like me... only better. She didn't read the books and yet she knew intrinsically how wrong that storyline went!
314	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-03	Thanks! I feel so much better now. I'd keep your girlfriend, she's just like me... only better. She didn't read the books and yet she knew intrinsically how wrong that storyline went!Lol reading these just made my day better. Now my mind is at ease there are just show watchers, aside from the few I know, who didn't like her and didn't even know of the change.
315	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	Thanks! I feel so much better now. I'd keep your girlfriend, she's just like me... only better. She didn't read the books and yet she knew intrinsically how wrong that storyline went!Ill keep her, but the only thing is... When it cut to black and the credits rolled, she said "they couldn't have killed Arya too??"  That might be a deal breaker.
316	wolverine	2013-06-03	Thanks! I feel so much better now. I'd keep your girlfriend, she's just like me... only better. She didn't read the books and yet she knew intrinsically how wrong that storyline went!So intrinsically wrong it deserved cheering for being stabbed in its pregnant belly?  Maybe partly since my wife is pregnant right now, I find cheering that really really disturbing.
317	teej6	2013-06-03	Double post
					
					
							Edited by teej6, 03 June 2013 - 11:16 PM.
318	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	Ill keep her, but the only thing is... When it cut to black and the credits rolled, she said "they couldn't have killed Arya too??"  That might be a deal breaker.I hate your girlfriend
319	teej6	2013-06-03	Copied from the nitpick thread:The writing was once again very weak in places.The Arya/Hound scenes continue to be very disappointing.Dany's scenes were literally just about Daario, Barristan and Jorah, and the rivalries between them... Hers is one of the few stories with a central female protagonist, so it's extremely disappointing that she was essentially reduced to a background character this episode.Similarly, Jorah's dialogue to Barristan (repeating what Barristan had said in episode 5) felt a little too... obvious. D&amp;D really need to learn subtlety.The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".The throat-slitting looked really cheap. Obviously there are limitations with television, but in that case they should have adapted to the problems.At the end, I thought the massacre felt like a shock-moment, rather than how in the books it felt completely natural (like with Ned's death - it was shocking but felt natural). I can't help but feel that D&amp;D read the Red Wedding and thought "WOW what a shocking twist!" and approached the adaptation of that scene with the idea of making it as shocking as possible.Cat's death was very disappointing.Arya running around the Twins felt so odd. Northerners were being massacred all around her, but there was no real sense of danger, urgency or desperation... just shock.Queenscrown was a bit odd too... It never really felt like Jon was in danger, considering that the wildlings basically stood back as he killed Orell. And the way he killed Orell felt a little bit sadistic to me too.Bran's lack of reaction to seeing Jon was a bit strange too.Repeatedly stabbing Talisa in the stomach was just unnecessary.The episode was enjoyable enough, but like others since season two it doesn't really stand up to even a shallow analysis. 7/10Somehow reading your posts on the show, I have a feeling that in the episodes that Dany isn't the focus or doesn't have one of her 'I am the blood of the dragon' moments, you dislike the episode and the show's adaptation. I saw you gave Ep. 304 'And now his watch is ended' a 9. Although, in my opinion, apart from the climatic Dany scene, it wasn't that spectacular. And you keep saying how much you hate the Pod/whores reference and if I'm not mistaken that episode had some of it. I'm not a huge fan of the show either but I judge each episode by its merit. I could be completely wrong in my assumption but knowing that you are a big Dany fan it almost seems that any episode that Dany isn't made to look really good, you pounce on it.
320	ramsaysvuvuzela	2013-06-03	Ill keep her, but the only thing is... When it cut to black and the credits rolled, she said "they couldn't have killed Arya too??"  That might be a deal breaker.Yea, okay. That's just beyond contempt. Time to sit her down and have her read the books. And then decide on the state of your relationship.
321	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	Yea, okay. That's just beyond contempt. Time to sit her down and have her read the books. And then decide on the state of your relationship.I hate your girlfriendBahaha i love these threads, you guys are the best.  All relationships should be counseled through here.
322	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	And, it makes me ill on the casting of Daario Naharis. He's not supposed to look like a soap opera character. Blech!!No, he's supposed to look like a bizarre punk rocker gnome-smurf with a gold tooth.  I can't say I'm sorry they made him look like Fabio instead.
323	Ramsay Blow	2013-06-03	I gave it a 9.  I was very excited but kinda nervous that I would be letdown but the RW delivered. It was brutal and dark the way it should be.  Fairley was excellent and the guy who plays Walder is good.
On a side note, I wore my House Bolton shirt to the gym today and felt like an enemy of the state.
324	wolverine	2013-06-03	No, he's supposed to look like a bizarre punk rocker gnome-smurf with a gold tooth.  I can't say I'm sorry they made him look like Fabio instead.Winning at posting.
325	Sir Mark of the East	2013-06-03	This is an 8 for me, after a long of consideration. They failed at capturing the atmosphere, which is the thing that really sets this scene apart. That Catelyn chapter is full of dread from start to finish, but they actively went against it and took what, to me, seemed like the easy way out: hide what you're going to do until the last minute, to heighten the shock value. Shock is easy, as any number of shlock horror films will reveal. Controlling the atmosphere, unsettling people in subtle ways, that's hard. Kind of agree with you. I felt that there's something missing with the atmosphere of the scene. I'm not quite happy with Arya too, I thought it's a bit flat. And the way Roose Bolton delivered that final blow to Robb, it felt like it's a drive-by. But I guess I can forgive those because despite those, I liked this episode and it's so difficult to watch. I was literally shaking when they began playing the Rains of Castamere. For that, I give this a perfect 10.I liked the changes as well. I thought it made the scene more powerful and more emotional.
326	wolverine	2013-06-03	Kind of agree with you. I felt that there's something missing with the atmosphere of the scene. I'm not quite happy with Arya too, I thought it's a bit flat. And the way Roose Bolton delivered that final blow to Robb, it felt like it's a drive-by. But I guess I can forgive those because despite those, I liked this episode and it's so difficult to watch. I was literally shaking when they began playing the Rains of Castamere. For that, I give this a perfect 10.I liked the changes as well. I thought it made the scene more powerful and more emotional.I felt this way a bit too, but thought that may have partly been from knowing what was going to happen.  I still gave the episode a 10 as I think it is the best of all 3 seasons.
327	.more wine.	2013-06-03	Between a 9 and a 10 only because I had a more chaotic red wedding in mind when reading the book. I need to watch it again with fresh eyes, their version was cold, fairly quiet and brutal. Grey Wind not being let out to fight to the death.
But when Arya and Grey Wind locked eyes as he died... Wow, oh man.
I loved the switch from Jingle Bells to the sad young Frey wife. Brilliant.
Catelyn ... Oh, when she slapped Roose Bolton, yes, that.
Robb and Catelyn before Roose sent him Lannisters regards ...  !!!! tears!!!!
Everything about Queenscrow except it not being in the lake. But that is small. 
Yigritte's face when Jon leaves!!!
Arya and the Hound forever!
Walder Frey, the worst human on earth. So delightfully slimey.
Salt and bread!!!!!
Did I mention Catelyn?  Omg all the Catelyn even if she didn't go berserk, catatonic works too.
328	Brine	2013-06-03	My fav episode in the series so far. Everything was perfect. There wasn't many scenes, but each of them were long and great. And the RW was really sad.
					
					
							Edited by Brine, 03 June 2013 - 11:59 PM.
329	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-04	And the way Roose Bolton delivered that final blow to Robb, it felt like it's a drive-by. I thought this too.  Thought that it could have been nice to see Roose make a big re-entrance with his badass pink cloak.  But it was good to keep the audiences attention on the connection between Robb & Catelyn.  Plus, it seem like Roose will get his time to shine standing on the roof (like a baws) in ep 10 preview.
330	Lyana	2013-06-04	I saved my 10 for this episode and I was not wrong ... It's a solid 10.
Heartbreaking but amazing episode.
Except the obvious highlight, the other plot lines were handled very good as well.
331	Nox Irradiata	2013-06-04	Loved Arya/Hound and the Bran scenes...and damn, Jorah has some moves! Even though Walder Frey is pretty much the biggest slimeball ever, he was...well...kinda awesome in this episode! Slow clap after Robb's apology speech...lol!
332	Relic	2013-06-04	A solid 5. Most of the episode sucked but i liked Sam's scene and the view of the Wall therein, and i was ok with what they did at the Queenscrown although Jon should have gotten an arrow in his leg. The Red Wedding was as dumbed down as most of the show has been, so no real surprise that they removed 80% of what actually happened.
I'm sort of amused on how they are turning Jorah into the biggest badass in Westeros/Esos. I'd pick him in a fight with the Mountain at this point.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 04 June 2013 - 12:36 AM.
333	Diehard_si	2013-06-04	Amazing episode. I've not seen twitter and Facebook explode like that over a drama before. That's normally saved for footy or reality TV events. 
It was different, but just as chilling. I sat there in silence for about 25 mins after. Everyone wants to talk about it. 
10
334	Jon Black	2013-06-04	Easy 10.Poor Talisa!!! That was the one thing I truly didn't see coming. And it was pretty much the kickstarter. That entire scene was devastating. I couldnt breathe while everything was happening....and after all that Talisa hate around here (not to mention theories) she ends up gaining sympathy in the end.For those who weren't touched at least a bit by her death, let go of your nerd rage.
335	Jon Black	2013-06-04	The silence was the icing on the cake.As per previous remarks on Cathryn not clawing her face off and other stuff.  She might do it in the final episode.  Don't despair.  I'm pretty sure there's still much about RW not completed in this epi.As for Robb not crying... it's called SHOCK.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> He seemed to want to say to his mom he was sorry for f**king shit up! -but too shocked to say it.Good points.
336	yeroc03	2013-06-04	I don't normally post but since ASOIAF is my favorite series and GOT my favorite show I have to say that I was disappointed with the "Red Wedding".  Not bc of the events that happen but bc of the sloppy way it was done. No attempt to use their medium (A and V).  They didn't utilize the fact that the "Rains of Castemere" was the preamble to the blood bath well.  In the book that was the best parts. Its like Star Wars w/o the Imperial March.  I believe they should have had a bard singing during the wedding.  When the time came the bard could start in with the first lines of the song bc the instrumental w/o the lyrics don't do the song justice.  From there have the music dominate the audio and have a visual montage of the carnage.  No real voice acting but the facial expressions of shock and disbelief from Cat and Robb as they realize they've been betrayed.  Most of Cat scenes would fit perfectly included seeing chainmail under Bolton's clothes. A montage of Arya seeing the carnage playing out outside including Greywind being slaughter and the tents of the soilders being set ablazed. You end with But now the rains weep o'er his hall, with no one there to hear showing the stillness of the hall as all guest have been killed. Final lines showing now the rains weep o'er his hall,and not a soul to hear. Tywin getting news via raven and tipping over the Wolf on his battle map. Gameover
337	Jdawg Laurence	2013-06-04	I agree! Reading everybody say it was Perfect made me feel like I watched a different show, just going through the chapter in the Books all over again...the scene does not do Justice to itI also agree.  The big deaths of this episode just seemed a bit less than expected.  It was good, but it wasn't 'nailed' as everyone's been saying.
338	Tywin Smokin a Blunt	2013-06-04	I loved it.  Really nailed the tragedy of the whole thing, especially Maisie Williams being so close but so far away.  Even the Talisa change finally paid off, watching her have little Eddard aborted by force was so brutal, and it tied up one of GRRM's loose ends.  Even beyond the RW, the episode was excellent.  Bran warging Hodor was awesome, we got to see Greyworm go all baddass on some Yunkai guardsmen, even loved the comic relief from Sam & Gillie.
The only thing that concerned me, and its been concerning me all Season, we still have no wolf dreams for Jon Snow or any of the other Stark children.  No idea if we're just supposed to assume it, or if its something they'll get to next season, or (horror) they're cutting it out.  I hope they give us something on that front next week.
339	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	Re: wargs - I have misgivings on that score also, especially with how powerful a warg it appears that Arya becomes. And Robb did win a lot of his battles through the scoutings and initial attacks of his direwolf and it's pack.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 04 June 2013 - 02:07 AM.
340	greatgeek	2013-06-04	10
Were some of the things that make the RW scene great lost in the adaption? Yes.
Did it have the same effect on the TV audience? Definitely.
					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 04 June 2013 - 02:18 AM.
341	King Tyrion I	2013-06-04	10 points.
Michelle Fairley deserves an Emmy.
'Nuff said.
342	lightbringer333	2013-06-04	one disappointing thing was Jon had valyrian sword in his hand and had enough time to slice that swooping eagle. Now how to say he is a great fighter.
					
					
							Edited by lightbringer333, 04 June 2013 - 02:29 AM.
343	YuvalTheVal	2013-06-04	Wow, the rating in IMDB is UNREALhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt2178784/
344	Joe Scallywag	2013-06-04	I think it was exellent, not just the wedding parts but everything from Jon, Bran etc all was really well done.
Also despite knowing what and awful turn it would take it was such a relief to see the characters so happy as they were during the feast, it made me realize what a painful life all of them are going through alot better cause when you think of it smiles are the most rare things in this show.
					
					
							Edited by Joe Scallywag, 04 June 2013 - 02:44 AM.
345	stevanjo	2013-06-04	Absolutely brilliant EPISODE!!! Easiest 10 i have ever given, and my first post here, simply had to write something. I was so emotional in the end, perfect, just perfect. Can't wait to hear what my friends who haven't read the book, thought about the episode. I believe it had blow their minds, since it blew mine for sure. And for the end just, WOW, WOW, WOW /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
346	Shebara	2013-06-04	An Emmy for Michelle Fairley for that that is true!!! Walder Frey also did very good I found. But as for rest I was rather disappointed....I was much more taken by the dramatic genious of the book when I read it. They did not succeed in catching the wonderful moment when the music changed to the drums of Rains of Castamere and Cat suddenly realizing..oh something wrong here!!! ..instead the scene was very poorly made I found..they just changed the music to Rains of Castamere without those wonderful drums who were turning your blood into ice in the books...
And the Arya scene with the Hound taking her away from the Twins was poorly made too. Nothing of Aryas desperation: Help me save my mother!! I have to go in there!!! Instead she was kind of just watching the killing of Greywind and then boooom, passing out after the Hounds blow...which also was no dramatic highlight.
And nothing really breathtaking happening on the other scenes of the show as well...Daario taking Yunkai in the dark and some lingering looks afterwards...you only saw some men fighting in the dark..well...
I found that was one of the weakest episodes of the series so far....and was disappointed because my expectations had run high before. I was much more taken by rereading the book again I must admit!
But...an Oscar or an Emmy or whatever to Michelle Fairley who did save the RW for me somehow!
347	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	On IMDB, out of 19 users, it has an aggregate score of 9.8 out of 10.
348	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2013-06-04	The easiest 10 I've ever given.  Everything in that episode was brilliant.  It could be the best TV I've ever watched.  Better than Blackwater.
All the arcs were handled perfectly Jon, Dany, Bran,  Arya (even Sam), the acting ws first class, the anticipated moments paid off, and it even had some good laughs.
I can't understand those that are moaning about the lack of foreboding in the buildup to the RW - it's there!  Just watch it!  It's just done differently.
Even so, that should be a minor niggle.  If you like the books (as I obviously do) then they will always be better.  Let the show do it's own thing and be the best program on TV.
349	MorbidRabbit	2013-06-04	10 of course.
I won't ever nitpick about GOT : I spent too much time watching awful screen adaptations of the other books I loved.
350	King Tam Stark	2013-06-04	an absolute 10, the reaction especially from non-book readers whos minds have been blown apart is brilliant
351	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	Somehow reading your posts on the show, I have a feeling that in the episodes that Dany isn't the focus or doesn't have one of her 'I am the blood of the dragon' moments, you dislike the episode and the show's adaptation. I saw you gave Ep. 304 'And now his watch is ended' a 9. Although, in my opinion, apart from the climatic Dany scene, it wasn't that spectacular. And you keep saying how much you hate the Pod/whores reference and if I'm not mistaken that episode had some of it. I'm not a huge fan of the show either but I judge each episode by its merit. I could be completely wrong in my assumption but knowing that you are a big Dany fan it almost seems that any episode that Dany isn't made to look really good, you pounce on it.I liked episode 4 because they pulled off one of the biggest moments in the books almost perfectly. But that was not the only reason: it was an episode without the mess of Robb and Cat's storyline, without Kit Harington's poor acting, and featured some good King's Landing scenes (the Pod joke was a throwaway line and cheapened the episode, but it didn't really affect anything).I also liked episode 5 despite it only featuring one Dany scene (where, as I noted, she was a bit out of character). I liked episode 5 because the writing was good.For me, Dany and Jaime's scenes have been the best part about the season (and this appears to be quite a common opinion). The other storylines have been handled less consistently. So when those two had fantastic scenes, it pulled the quality of the episode up. But when their scenes were disappointing (Jaime in episode 7 - his character has been reduced to 'good guy' at this point; 8 and 9 for Dany), there was nothing in place to make the episode stand-out.
352	George Kapitsopoulos	2013-06-04	I have already read the books, so I knew this was coming... still, my jaw dropped to the floor when I watched the RW scene... brilliant... Michelle should definitely get an Emmy for that. The scene where Rob gets up and mumbles "mother", that actually brought tears to my eyes.
353	George Kapitsopoulos	2013-06-04	Oh and Walder's actor is that janitor dude from Harry Potter right? Argo or Argus whatever...I was actually starting to like him, he had that cool senile humor. Then of course he unleashed on the Starks. Damn that man. I actually burst out laughing when he gave that look to Robb when he saw Roslin, it's like 'hey, she's pretty hot, eh?'	   Please, the totally epic old Frey scene was that concerning his twin granddaughters....  "You could have had either of them... You could have had both for all I care"...
354	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".One cup of wine = drunk, apparently. And how would talking about Rhaegar fit in that scene exactly? Although I must admit, I thought Barristan was going to talk about the sack of KL when Dany asked how long it takes to sack a city.
355	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	One cup of wine = drunk, apparently. And how would talking about Rhaegar fit in that scene exactly? Although I must admit, I thought Barristan was going to talk about the sack of KL when Dany asked how long it takes to sack a city. Did you not bother looking at Barristan's face? His eyes were blurry, he was silent, and he was shrugging. Those are not the signs of someone having "one cup of wine". Those are the signs of someone being seriously drunk.Exactly - it was a wasted opportunity. The books managed to fit a conversation about Rhaegar in that scene, so why couldn't the show? Dany was anxious and used Barristan as escapism.
356	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-04	Did you not bother looking at Barristan's face? His eyes were blurry, he was silent, and he was shrugging. Those are not the signs of someone having "one cup of wine". Those are the signs of someone being seriously drunk.Exactly - it was a wasted opportunity. The books managed to fit a conversation about Rhaegar in that scene, so why couldn't the show? Dany was anxious and used Barristan as escapism.Did you not bother looking at Barristan's face? His eyes were blurry, he was silent, and he was shrugging. Those are not the signs of someone having "one cup of wine". Those are the signs of someone being seriously drunk.Exactly - it was a wasted opportunity. The books managed to fit a conversation about Rhaegar in that scene, so why couldn't the show? Dany was anxious and used Barristan as escapism.Because, lets be honest, no one would remember it. Its the RW everyone is going to remember, maybe Queenscrow too, not some story told in 30 seconds.
357	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	Did you not bother looking at Barristan's face? His eyes were blurry, he was silent, and he was shrugging. Those are not the signs of someone having "one cup of wine". Those are the signs of someone being seriously drunk.shrugging = wastedtop lel. The guy had about 5 seconds to say something before Jorah arrived. It's a huge stretch to assume that he was drunk.
358	aFeastForDragons	2013-06-04	I loved the episode but I couldn't enjoy the Red Wedding scene.
I have a full mental video in my head of how that whole scene goes down.
359	Accursed	2013-06-04	I had to think on this for a day, at first i wasnt so entirely sure what i thought of the episode, and the adaptation of the red wedding.
However in retrospect, I can;t lie to myself the episode was simply decent-to-good, I rate it an 8. It might seem liek im beign a bit harsh considering the restraints of tv but some of the changes seemed like really poor choices, not to discredit the things the did well.
The depiction of the red wedding in particular just wasn't what it could been. It wasn't bad by any means, hell i dont watch much tv but it wouldn't be hard to imagine that something like this is unprecedented on television. It's just considering that this was THE moment that made D&D want to write the show, the event the they wanted to adapt to tv the most, it is dissapointing. I expected better, sadly what i got was conformation that the tv adaptation would continue to merely be decent.
360	Maxthestig	2013-06-04	I re watched it last night and it was better the second time.I got emotional all over again.When they played the Rains of Castermere tingles up my spineHere is my full reviewhttp://squarevision....-of-castermere/9 out of 10
361	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	shrugging = wastedtop lel.The guy had about 5 seconds to say something before Jorah arrived. It's a huge stretch to assume that he was drunk. It's not a huge stretch at all. It's factually correct. Go back and watch the scene and actually pay attention to Barristan's mannerisms this time: he's drunk. This is show apologism at its finest... Denying something that is written all over the actor's body language and facial expressions.
362	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	It's not a huge stretch at all. It's factually correct. Go back and watch the scene and actually pay attention to Barristan's mannerisms this time: he's drunk.This is show apologism at its finest... Denying something that is written all over the actor's body language and facial expressions.Implying that I didn't already rewatch the scene twice. There's simply not enough time given to Barristan to suggest that he's drunk. I'm afraid I must end our delightful discussion. As entertaining as nitpicking about the mannerisms of a character that was on screen for 25 seconds is, there are bigger things about this episode that need to be addressed.
363	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	I don't see any signs of Barristan being drunk either. I just see him being calm and relaxed in a tense time, showing his experienced in comparison to Dany's lack of such which has her nervous and unsure what to expect. It also makes no storytelling sense whatsoever to have the most honorable of the King's Guard mess up his job when he finally serves someone he deems worthy, and then not make a point of it at all.
To say that thinking that Barristan isn't drunk is show apologism is some of the dumber things I've seen on this board. That just screams of inability to handle conflicting opinions to your own.
364	thewalkindude19	2013-06-04	While I have a few minor complaints about the RW (no one flipping a table on top of Robb to protect him, the Rains of Castamere not signalling the beginning of the slaughter), I doubt it could have been done much better. 10/10.
365	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	You really don't see how this shows Barristan is drunk??? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  He looks like he's just got home from the local pub.
366	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	He seemed irritated that he was left out, to me.
367	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	You really don't see how this shows Barristan is drunk??? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  He looks like he's just got home from the local pub.No, I don't.Do you really see it as likely that they have the honorable Barristan neglect his duty and not make a point of it? If I thought he looked drunk I'd sooner comment on the acting rather than the story since the latter makes less sense.
368	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	You really don't see how this shows Barristan is drunk??? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  He looks like he's just got home from the local pub.Well I really don't. Watching the silent gif, Barristan's expression could be interpreted as someone who had a few too many but in the context of the show not at all. It did not cross my mind when watching the actual episode (twice) and based on other people's reaction I was not alone.I don't see any signs of Barristan being drunk either. I just see him being calm and relaxed in a tense time, showing his experienced in comparison to Dany's lack of such which has her nervous and unsure what to expect. It also makes no storytelling sense whatsoever to have the most honorable of the King's Guard mess up his job when he finally serves someone he deems worthy, and then not make a point of it at all.Perfect response. If they wanted to show Barristan getting on a slippery slope (why???), they'd made it a tiny bit more obvious.
369	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	No, I don't.Do you really see it as likely that they have the honorable Barristan neglect his duty and not make a point of it? If I thought he looked drunk I'd sooner comment on the acting rather than the story since the latter makes less sense. THAT'S why I'm so bitter about it. There's NO WAY Barristan would ever get drunk on the job, but that's exactly what he's doing.Book!Barristan isn't desperate for glory - he wouldn't get jealous that Jorah is fighting in Yunkai and not him. He is proud to serve Daenerys. So why is he bitter about being "left behind"?
370	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	He did look a tiny bit drunk to me if I'm completely honest! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That said, it didn't spoil anything for me, he's now the hard drinking and harder hitting Ser Barristan Selmy, the greatest fighter the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen.
371	King of the Road	2013-06-04	He did look a tiny bit drunk to me if I'm completely honest! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That said, it didn't spoil anything for me, he's now the hard drinking and harder hitting Ser Barristan Selmy, the greatest fighter the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen.He's like Bond, he's at his best after a few drinks.
372	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	THAT'S why I'm so bitter about it. There's NO WAY Barristan would ever get drunk on the job, but that's exactly what he's doing.Book!Barristan isn't desperate for glory - he wouldn't get jealous that Jorah is fighting in Yunkai and not him. He is proud to serve Daenerys. So why is he bitter about being "left behind"?Why does it bother you SO MUCH?
373	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	Why does it bother you SO MUCH? It's unnecessary and makes no sense within the context of the SHOW's version of Barristan Selmy. A couple of episodes ago he criticised Robert for being "a drunk" and then said he looks forward to serving Daenerys... And then in this episode he's getting drunk on the job and putting Dany's life in danger.He looks completely incompetent. Cersei looks competent for sacking him.
374	grrmforreal	2013-06-04	I thought that the pacing of the RW scene took a cue from the scene in Interview with the Vampire when Lestat blew out the candle (Freys locking the door) before he starts torturing the prostitute in front of Louis; it reminded me totally of that scene.  I was impressed with how the scene looked almost identical to how I pictured it in my head when I read it.
375	Jethro	2013-06-04	10/10.
To powerful. When reading the book you take in the horrific events at a much slower pace, this was like a ginormus slap in the face. PLAWDAOW --> Red face.
Michelle (whatever the last name is) gots to get some medals for this.
376	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	It's unnecessary and makes no sense within the context of the SHOW's version of Barristan Selmy. A couple of episodes ago he criticised Robert for being "a drunk" and then said he looks forward to serving Daenerys... And then in this episode he's getting drunk on the job and putting Dany's life in danger.He looks completely incompetent. Cersei looks competent for sacking him.My eyes rolled so hard they've become permanently lodged in the side of my head.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 04 June 2013 - 06:06 AM.
377	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	THAT'S why I'm so bitter about it. There's NO WAY Barristan would ever get drunk on the job, but that's exactly what he's doing.Book!Barristan isn't desperate for glory - he wouldn't get jealous that Jorah is fighting in Yunkai and not him. He is proud to serve Daenerys. So why is he bitter about being "left behind"?That's what you think it looks like, it's not a fact. It would probably be a big topic if more people thought he looked drunk.I question your reaction though. Why would you sooner go to "Barristan is getting drunk" than to "the actor made the character look drunk"? You must think that there's some logic to showing Barristan neglecting his duty and still not expanding on it.The part of him wanting to serve Daenerys through helping to take the city isn't moving him from his sense of duty so that's a completely different thing.
378	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	THAT'S why I'm so bitter about it. There's NO WAY Barristan would ever get drunk on the job, but that's exactly what he's doing.I appreciate constructive criticism but it seems like you are just inventing things to criticize for the sake of it. It`s fair enough to say that you didn't like Barristan's expression because you expected him to be more serious and it almost look like he was drunk but to flip out and say that show Barristan is a drunk who neglect his duties, when nobody else noticed that, is ridiculous.
379	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	My eyes rolled so hard they've become permanently lodged in the side of my head.Sorry you can't handle criticism about the show, but some of us like to critically engage with what we watch and not just blindly accept everything. Even the least attentive viewers should be able to pick up the inconsistency of Barristan's actions.
380	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	It's unnecessary and makes no sense within the context of the SHOW's version of Barristan Selmy. A couple of episodes ago he criticised Robert for being "a drunk" and then said he looks forward to serving Daenerys... And then in this episode he's getting drunk on the job and putting Dany's life in danger.He looks completely incompetent. Cersei looks competent for sacking him.It didn't really seem that way to me, but I can understand why someone might interpret his behavior as being drunk.  If he was MEANT to be drunk (I think if that were the case it would have been more explicitly stated - maybe the actor's choice?) then yeah that would be weird.  But still...why does it bother you SO MUCH that you are "so bitter" about it?
381	Retorus	2013-06-04	That's what Patrick does, unfortunately.
382	Lehnaru	2013-06-04	I appreciate constructive criticism but it seems like you are just inventing things to criticize for the sake of it. It`s fair enough to say that you didn't like Barristan's expression because you expected him to be more serious and it almost look like he was drunk but to flip out and say that show Barristan is a drunk who neglect his duties, when nobody else noticed that, is ridiculous.Indeed! I simply saw him having a drink. You know, like normal people do when they get thirsty.
383	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	That's what you think it looks like, it's not a fact. It would probably be a big topic if more people thought he looked drunk.I question your reaction though. Why would you sooner go to "Barristan is getting drunk" than to "the actor made the character look drunk"? You must think that there's some logic to showing Barristan neglecting his duty and still not expanding on it. A lot of people do think he looked drunk, hence why that gif was made. It's just been upstaged by the Red Wedding.The actor does what the script says. Barristan was drinking wine and shrugged at Dany rather than saying anything. That suggests that they deliberately wrote it as him being drunk.
384	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	That said, he might have just fancied a quick drink to ease the tension. If so, he has brains as well as his undeniable prowess with a sword!
385	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	Sorry you can't handle criticism about the show, but some of us like to critically engage with what we watch and not just blindly accept everything. Even the least attentive viewers should be able to pick up the inconsistency of Barristan's actions.The funny thing is, you are literally the only person I have seen across several websites that saw Barristan as being drunk. I didn't even see noted critics like Sepinwall interpreting it in the same way, or even mentioning it, which puts you in the minority. So you're saying that you only one of a select few who correctly judged the showrunners' intentions, and anybody that doesn't agree with you clearly wasn't paying enough attention? Yeah, okay. Unfortunately that generalization would encompass about 99% of the people who watched the episode, and that's a strawman I really don't like.The show is not known for its subtlety. If it wanted to make clear that Barristan was drunk, it would have done so in a more explicit manner.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 04 June 2013 - 06:12 AM.
386	telecasterjory	2013-06-04	I really think they gave the NorthMen no props in how the scene went down.   As I recall, the Stark entourage put up a lot more resistance in the books.  So they  made a painful scene even worse than it had to be, with no blood spilled by the  Northmen on the Freys.  Didnt the GreatJohn   kick some major ass?
387	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	A lot of people do think he looked drunk, hence why that gif was made. It's just been upstaged by the Red Wedding.The actor does what the script says. Barristan was drinking wine and shrugged at Dany rather than saying anything. That suggests that they deliberately wrote it as him being drunk.Now you're starting to make me laugh. Sober people don't shrug? I don't think we'll come any further with this.
388	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	A lot of people do think he looked drunk, hence why that gif was made. It's just been upstaged by the Red Wedding.The actor does what the script says. Barristan was drinking wine and shrugged at Dany rather than saying anything. That suggests that they deliberately wrote it as him being drunk.Haha you are not very familiar with actors if you think they ONLY do what is in the script and never try to add their own little flourishes.  If the script says "Barristan has a glass of wine and shrugs in response to Dany's question," it just means "he had a drink of wine and responded nonverbally to Dany's question."  The actor's expression and mannerisms (chosen by the actor or possibly influenced by the director) are what are indicating to you that he is drunk (personally I don't think he is).
389	King of the Road	2013-06-04	Barristan Selmy had a little wine, but he is clearly not hammered, if at all drunk, he's just a little quiet. If he had been lying on the floor in front of Daenerys, sitting in his own urine and vomiting on Missandei then that would have been an issue.
390	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	Now you're starting to make me laugh. Sober people don't shrug? I don't think we'll come any further with this.He had blurry eyes, he was overly relaxed, he was silent, and his shrugging didn't fit with what we'd already seen of the character. I don't know how else the actor could have shown that he was drunk? Just because he wasn't as bad as Tyrion, Cersei and Robert doesn't mean he wasn't drunk.Barristan should have been ready to protect Daenerys at any moment - that's what the Queensguard are for. Instead he was drinking. For me, that's just an unneccessary problem.
391	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	I really think they gave the NorthMen no props in how the scene went down.   As I recall, the Stark entourage put up a lot more resistance in the books.  So they  made a painful scene even worse than it had to be, with no blood spilled by the  Northmen on the Freys.  Didnt the GreatJohn   kick some major ass?We didn't get to see how things took place outside the castle walls. In the shots we did see it was very believable that the Freys just took them out and there wasn't any other northerners around to see anything before they were attacked themselves. There might have been out on the fields though.
392	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	What the fuck is the show doing with Roose? Did anyone else see the way he suggestively had his arm right next to Catelyn? Why was the show teasing an attraction between Roose and Catelyn?  The actor does what the script says. Roose was leering at Cat and had his arm next to her in a flirtatious manner. That suggests that they deliberately wrote him as perving over Catelyn.
/sarcasm.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 04 June 2013 - 06:17 AM.
393	Gillio	2013-06-04	I don't see how it could have the same emotional punch since you already knew what was going to happen.  I personally loved the episode, 10/10.I've read the scene in the books many times, and the suspense and tension is still as strong and haunting as ever.The thing is, with many scenes, one viewing of the TV version is enough to override the picture in my head of that scene, derived from my reading. "Dracarys" especially springs to mind, as does "stick it with the pointy end" and Bran's fall.BUT not the red wedding, and it should have.I had to think on this for a day, at first i wasnt so entirely sure what i thought of the episode, and the adaptation of the red wedding.However in retrospect, I can;t lie to myself the episode was simply decent-to-good, I rate it an 8. It might seem liek im beign a bit harsh considering the restraints of tv but some of the changes seemed like really poor choices, not to discredit the things the did well.The depiction of the red wedding in particular just wasn't what it could been. It wasn't bad by any means, hell i dont watch much tv but it wouldn't be hard to imagine that something like this is unprecedented on television. It's just considering that this was THE moment that made D&D want to write the show, the event the they wanted to adapt to tv the most, it is dissapointing. I expected better, sadly what i got was conformation that the tv adaptation would continue to merely be decent.I agree
394	protar	2013-06-04	Just my two cents but I thought Barristan looked pretty drunk as well. I'd have to tally up any references to Barristan drinking but it seems the him having a drink at all when guarding his queen during the midst of a siege would be out of character.
But hey, as it wasn't definitive it's easy enough to say, "Nope I just misread is facial expression."
395	King of the Road	2013-06-04	What the fuck is the show doing with Roose? Did anyone else see the way he suggestively had his arm right next to Catelyn? Why was the show teasing an attraction between Roose and Catelyn?  The actor does what the script says. Roose was leering at Cat and had his arm next to her in a flirtatious manner. That suggests that they deliberately wrote him as perving over Catelyn./sarcasm.My God you're right! How did I miss that, it's quite clear that in the series the RW is the result of Roose's unrequited love for Catelyn! The old 'If I can't have her, no one can!' scenario.
396	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	He had blurry eyes, he was overly relaxed, he was silent, and his shrugging didn't fit with what we'd already seen of the character. I don't know how else the actor could have shown that he was drunk? Just because he wasn't as bad as Tyrion, Cersei and Robert doesn't mean he wasn't drunk.Barristan should have been ready to protect Daenerys at any moment - that's what the Queensguard are for. Instead he was drinking. For me, that's just an unneccessary problem.I guess we'll see when D&D gives out their "inside the episode" video. If he's intended to be drunk they will definitely comment on it.
397	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	My God you're right! How did I miss that, it's quite clear that in the series the RW is the result of Roose's unrequited love for Catelyn! The old 'If I can't have her, no one can!' scenario.Fucking Benioff and Weiss and their character assassinations...(skulks off and grumbles)
398	Ser_Davos	2013-06-04	Hmmm, difficult one, but lets see.
First, the cons:
- no drums thundering through the massacre: -0.5
- Robb sitting on a front table and not on the dais, like a king should, surrounded by his guard: -0.5
- there was no fighting alongside the slaughter, no Greatjon slamming people around and throwing a table on top of Robb to protect him: -0.5
- the way Greywind was handled was absolutely humiliating. They didn't show him scaring Pimple's horse and giving an excuse to Lord Frey to demand the wolf stay out of the castle, they never showed him howling and he was also supposed to have cut a man's arm and have taken several quarrels before dying: -1
- Catelyn was feeling very apprehensive and touchy through the whole thing, not merry and jolly: -0.5
- Roslin seemed terrified in the book: -0.5
- the way Robb got up after being shot was plain awkward: -0.5
- Roose visibly and ponderously walked up to Robb, shoved the sword and twisted it, he didn't sneak up from behind and stabbed him from close quarters, he wanted everyone to witness the deed: -1
- Catelyn not tearing her cheeks: -1 (I mean, what where they thinking)
Then, the pros:
- Edmure, so good in his role: +0.5
- Walder Frey, absolutely perfect and blood chilling: +1
- Talisa's death, gruesome horrifying and totally shocking: +0.5
- the slaughter scene was just so gory it made me physically ill: +0.5
- the Rains of Castamere: +0.5
- All things considered, Catelyn was absolutely fabulously played, heartbreaking and horrifying: +1
So all in all, I'd say an 8 would be a fair rating.
399	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	Fucking Benioff and Weiss and their character assassinations...(skulks off and grumbles)					 The comment Cat made about Ned not wanting to break a man<U+0080><U+0099>s jaw on their wedding day during the bedding! It<U+0080><U+0099>s so obvious now, he was talking about Roose! Ned must have known how Roose felt and so separated him from his one true love!
400	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	The comment Cat made about Ned not wanting to break a man<U+0080><U+0099>s jaw on their wedding day during the bedding! It<U+0080><U+0099>s so obvious now, he was talking about Roose! Ned must have known how Roose felt and so separated him from his one true love!Clearly the showrunners ship CaRoose.
401	Giskard Reventlov	2013-06-04	Well, this episode must've been a shocker to non-readers.
It was interesting to see how in this episode, they made small jokes here and there...every now and then..like they did it on purpose to catch people totally offguard when masscare begins.
Also, by killing Talisa/Jane ..I think it is definitely clear that , in the books, Jane is not pregant (I never bought in to that theory anyway)
402	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2ggej8DtlWs To be honest, I think this video completely encapsulates the overwhelming tragedy that was present in the whole episode. #RIPKingInTheNorth
403	Conchobar	2013-06-04	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2ggej8DtlWs To be honest, I think this video completely encapsulates the overwhelming tragedy that was present in the whole episode. #RIPKingInTheNorthHAAHA! Amazing! Made me laugh a lot.
404	Gillio	2013-06-04	poor child is so traumatized she cant spellhttps://www.youtube....h?v=05gX4cObM7o
405	Scratch Face	2013-06-04	I found the Red Wedding seen to be really disappointing, I felt like i was suddenly watching a scene from Saw not GOT.  There was no suspense or dread just plain old shock value, as a reader i found this cheap and incredibly underwhelming as i have been hanging out for this episode for what feels like forever. 
Some important plot building details that i felt crucial to the making the scene a success were left out. 
1) the conversation between Rob and Roose were they discuss the addition of Roose troops to the army. 
2) Roose handing a piece of Theon's skin to Catelyn
3) The loud terrible music
4) the presence of Rob's loyal Northern banner men 
I dont think the show writers and directors truly managed to show the level of betrayal by Roose and Walder Frey to not just Rob but the whole North and Riverlands.
I am a lover of the show, i hope they get back to their usual high standard
406	Conchobar	2013-06-04	Who actually voted a 1?
407	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-04	10
They obviously did an amazing job with the Red Wedding, but the episode as a whole was excellent. I loved the Jon & Bran scenes and to actually see the little boy playing Rickon get some lines. And he was good. It was actually more heartbreaking for me watching those two part that way than the way they did in the books. I cried. I enjoyed Dany's scenes - the look on Jorah's face alone when Dany asks for Daario. I felt that hurt.
Maisie Williams is just astounding from her conversation with the Hound when she says she'll put a sword through his eye to her look of longing at the Twins.
I don't think I can add much more about the Red Wedding that hasn't already been said, except that thinking of not seeing Michelle Fairley as Cat anymore has me very, very sad.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 04 June 2013 - 07:17 AM.
408	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=V_58FRwSG9Y Don't watch this video if you want to be able to feel the same emotional impact at any point in the future!
409	Fez	2013-06-04	Just got a chance to see the episode this morning finally.  I give it a 9.  The Red Wedding itself was very well done I thought, with the tension ramping up beautifully; and the dawning recognition on Cat's face was insanely tough to watch.  It was just filled with great little details as well, like Bolton being such a troll with the "hey Cat, why don't you check out what's up my sleeve?" look when he put his arm down and Frey so gleeful he could barely hold his goblet straight.
However, I can't give it a 10 because there was plenty of other stuff going on in the episode as well (which is good news, the RW shouldn't take an entire episode) and it wasn't all as good.  In particular I thought the scenes with Jon were confusingly shot (was Ygritte trying to fight with or against him?) and also in Dany's storyline the jump from Jorah/Grey Worm/Daario being surrounded to the city falling was way too abrupt, it really felt like another scene should've been there.
410	mynameisJamie	2013-06-04	Overall it was brilliant, including the build up - so I shall just list my favourite parts and what I would've done differently.Best bits:When the Rains of Castamere started playing.. wow.That look Roose gave Cat, when it dawned on her what was happening. It said, "We have got you." Gave me chills.Talisa's death and the way it happened actually added a lot to the overall brutality/shock of the scene.Walder Frey's actor was perfect.Would've done differently:Greywind introduced in some way at the beginning without giving the game away. Also would have liked to see Greywind getting loose and Arya seeing him taking out a few Freys before their eyes meet when the crossbows eventually get him.More recognisable Stark bannerman, wish Greatjon was there.More resistance from northmen, e.g. Smalljon.Keep Roose's killing of Rob exactly the same as in the books, literally no need for change.Fake Arya death couldve been good, they must want to use her straightaway next episode thoughAs a piece of television its 10/10 everytime, but it could've been even better.Can never really beat the books though I suppose, which are gospel.Edit: Oh, and shut up about Barristan's supposed drunkedness, which was proabbly unintentional and not a big issue either way!
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Stark, 04 June 2013 - 08:03 AM.
411	Shebara	2013-06-04	I found the Red Wedding seen to be really disappointing, I felt like i was suddenly watching a scene from Saw not GOT.  There was no suspense or dread just plain old shock value, as a reader i found this cheap and incredibly underwhelming as i have been hanging out for this episode for what feels like forever.Some important plot building details that i felt crucial to the making the scene a success were left out.1) the conversation between Rob and Roose were they discuss the addition of Roose troops to the army.2) Roose handing a piece of Theon's skin to Catelyn3) The loud terrible music4) the presence of Rob's loyal Northern banner menI dont think the show writers and directors truly managed to show the level of betrayal by Roose and Walder Frey to not just Rob but the whole North and Riverlands.I am a lover of the show, i hope they get back to their usual high standard /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> given my critics here already...it is miles below the suspense GRRM creates in the book! omg they even played Rains of Castamere like some background table music....
412	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> given my critics here already...it is miles below the suspense GRRM creates in the book! omg they even played Rains of Castamere like some background table music.... As a wild thought, maybe that's because you knew it was going to happen? Almost every professional critic has said what a wonderful job they did of creating suspense.
413	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	It's unnecessary and makes no sense within the context of the SHOW's version of Barristan Selmy. A couple of episodes ago he criticised Robert for being "a drunk" and then said he looks forward to serving Daenerys... And then in this episode he's getting drunk on the job and putting Dany's life in danger.He looks completely incompetent. Cersei looks competent for sacking him.where does it say in the books that barristan never ever drinks?
414	Gillio	2013-06-04	As a wild thought, maybe that's because you knew it was going to happen? Almost every professional critic has said what a wonderful job they did of creating suspense.I've read the scene in the books many times, and the suspense and tension is still as strong and haunting as ever.The thing is, with many scenes, one viewing of the TV version is enough to override the picture in my head of that scene, derived from my reading. "Dracarys" especially springs to mind, as does "stick it with the pointy end" and Bran's fall.BUT not the red wedding, and it should have.
415	Cadiva	2013-06-04	This is show apologism at its finest... Denying something that is written all over the actor's body language and facial expressions.It's someone disagreeing with your interpretation of a scene.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 04 June 2013 - 08:14 AM.
416	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-06-04	That was brutal. It was as good as could be expected for an adaptation of such a monumental scene. 
 Did I notice tents on fire and horsemen attacking in next weeks preview? If so then I think the RW will still be happening, hopefully we get to see the Blackfish cut his way out of it and head back to Riverrun. I don't think we'll get the kiss of life this season. At least I hope not. I do hope we get a certain dream from Arya though. We've had no word of Nymeria since season 1.
 I couldn't reasonably give this anything less than a ten. I was silent throughout the whole episode, Heart pounding when the bedding started. Incredibly well done
417	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-04	Initially was slightly disappointed as it could never match up to the scene in my imagination. Gave it a 9.
But all last night it was haunting me in my dreams. Maybe it deserves a 10...
418	-Ghost-	2013-06-04	I cant give it a 10. When the episode ended I just felt like it was missing something. It just wasnt what I was expecting it would be, especially after hearing D&D say sooo many times over the years that this scene is the reason they wanted to do the series. It wasnt bad, I still enjoyed it, I just felt it was a little off.
Roose randomly running away was just weird. I wished he would have strolled back in with his long sword and have been able to see him coming instead of him just jumping in and stabbing Robb. Roslyn looked way to happy. I wanted someone to throw a table over Robb but he seriously had no men with him. I liked that they at least kept someone wearing chainmale under their coat. The acting was great though. It felt like the scene where Cat is just standing there went on a little too long. 
I loved the Bran stuff, that was great. It was awesome that Rickon got some lines and nailed them. The warging was great.
I liked Jon's stuff. A little disappointed that Ygritte didnt shoot him with an arrow. Not a big deal though.
As soon as Sam said he knows about the Black Gate I thought, WTF no CH? Im really starting to doubt he will be in it, but who knows.
They should have left out the Dany stuff. It just felt out of place. Grey Worm is fucking bad ass though. I really liked the 3 of them fighting. Also that Grey Worm got to make his own decision about trusting Daario.
Loved the Arya and the Hound stuff. Those two go great together, in the book and on the show. I really thought Arya was gonna make it to Grey Wind and be the one to let him loose and really wished they kept it.
Id have to give it a 8.5 - 9. I need to watch it again.
					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 04 June 2013 - 08:35 AM.
419	A Redeemed Hound	2013-06-04	I finally decided to give it an 8.  At first I was disappointed with the episode and felt it left me feeling emptly.  But I realized that I was simply horrified by the brutality of the Red Wedding.  Watching it a second time, it was very upsetting and brutal in execution.  Cold and heartless and disturbing.  I can't compare it to the books.  That's just not fair so I won't.
What would have given the show a 10 for me would have been:
1. Cat scratching her face and screaming to Ned about her hair as a Frey positioned to execute her.
2. Greywind going hog wild and killing some Freys before being killed.
3. Barristan Selmy talking to Dany and not just nodding like a goofball.  It felt out of character.
4. The drum beats.
5. The musicians actually playing poorly and having someone mention it.
6. More Summer and Shaggydog action.  Or more of Bran inside of Summer's mind.
Even half of these in the episode would have made it a 10 for me.  Still, a very powerful episode and very sad and upsetting.  Rob's look at his mother before he died was so upsetting.
GoT will be cleaning up at the Emmy's this year.  Count on it.  The entire cast is full of amazing actors.
420	peasantboy	2013-06-04	I rated it a 7 ...
I was sooo looking forward to this episode, the red wedding part, and it just didn't live up to the suspense and setting and shock portrayed in the book /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Watched it with my wife and son, who hadn't read the book, and really all they said was 'that was gory/violent'.  I feel like the show went for visual shock value with gallons of blood rather than going after deeper empathetic emotional shock.  On the other hand, some of the details were too subtle; my casual viewers didn't get the Rains of Castamere reference; and the only hint of Lannister involvement was the Roose's whispered comment.
Overall I think they really missed the boat in building up to the RW.  I agree with the above that the show didn't do such a good job of showing the magnitude of betrayal that happened here /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  To the casual viewer, I think it was just a gory plot twist.  I didn't have the gut wrenching shock of Ned's beheading ...
Other parts of the episode were ok 
We were all kind of confused with Jorah/Grey Worm/Daario returning to Dany victorious, somehow??
My casual viewers were also confused with warging scene of Bran, and Jon and Orell?
The importance of offering bread and salt was lost?
I'm loving the creepy way Arya is being played.
I have the feeling the plot may be getting too complicated for casual viewers? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
But it's till an awesome show!!
421	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I gave an 8, 8 is the highest I've rated any episode this season, and it was one of the best episodes.  For what they chose to portray about the RW, they did a good job, but it wasn't what it could have been and they cluttered up the episode with Sam and Gilly and Dany's stories which was unnecessary.
422	Gillio	2013-06-04	Heh my ad is for wedding planners!!! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
423	darksellsword	2013-06-04	I thought this episode was superb second only to episode four. I do have to say that if i hadnt of known what was going to happen at the wedding im sure
it would of been my favourite episode this season. I watched with a sinking feeling in my stomach the entire time which tells me D&D were doing the story justice.
if i can just give my response to a few nitpickers. Talisa would almost definitely be the focus of the freys anger and it was very realistic that they would stab her so many times in the stomach assuming theyve heard rumors of her pregnancy. Other posters have complained of Robbs lack of emotion suggesting that he should of cried but i dont think that would fit with the Stark family upbringing . I know Robb has cried in the past when Eddard was killed , but in the books and on screen there was a definite rite of passage for Robb from boy to Lord to commander and eventually becoming King. Everyone reacts differently while in shock.Catelyns utter despair and vacant expression was more than enough to express the tragedy that had unfolded. I feel that if they had of included the clawing at her face it would of over loaded the Tv viewers with too much of the supernatural in one episode with the earlier warging scene.
The acting in this episode was excellent. I am in the minority by saying i really enjoyed the queenscrown scene and had no issues with its dialogue.
I was disappointed at seeing greywind uncerermoniously being put down in his pen. I had suspected the story of greywind killing dozens of freys before finally being subdued was a myth or boast told by Robbs enemies to make the whole dastardly deed seem more daring on their part.
needless to say i gave it a 10/10 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> cant wait for next weeks episode
424	-Ghost-	2013-06-04	I think the best part was Bran telling Hodor to quit his Hodoring.
425	Daenerys Must Die	2013-06-04	Yeah 'Hodoring' made me laugh.. also Lord Walder's "I'm Mary" ... "Fine"..
Daario Naharis insisting he's the best whistler in the land is probably what gave this episode that extra push it needed.. not sure what I'd have given it without that.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys Must Die, 04 June 2013 - 09:34 AM.
426	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	Obviously there were a lot of changes from book to screen in this episode.  I gave it a nine, but the point deducted was not for the RW.
I think the RW worked perfectly in terms of achieving what it was trying achieve as a scene in a TV show.  There were several things from the book, including Cat clawing her face, that I was really not looking forward to.  I was afraid the scene would be played for cringe-worthy shock-and-gore horror value, and while it was shocking, I think D&D were trying hard to play it for its tragic emotional value and purposely avoiding certain "horror story" elements.  I really approve of this, personally.  Also, I think having the terrible, booming music would have run a serious risk of telegraphing too clearly what was about to happen.  In the book it just came across as Freys being petty, but since it's episode 9 the audience knows SOMETHING is going to happen (whereas in the book it's just there in the middle, as if it's going to be a stepping stone to a later development) and I think that using the vague-sense-of-dread-inducing elements that a lot of people are disappointed were left out would have very possibly given too much of the game away up front.
In conclusion, I give the RW itself a 10/10.
However, I had a problem with the Arya-Hound interaction.  I think their dynamic in this episode and last episode has been a bit too equal and buddy-ish.  We don't get a sense than Arya is in one whit of danger from The Hound, which is quite different from the book.  Book Arya wouldn't have talked back to the Hound so much, and Book Hound wouldn't have put up with it if she'd tried.  A lot of Arya's character development stems from the fact that she spends so much time being powerless, at Harrenhall, with the Brotherhood, and also with the Hound.  And a lot of the Hound's character during this part of the story is him being a total loose cannon.  Arya hates him, but she's forced to tread lightly around him.  In the show they talk a lot of smack to each other, but mostly it feels like they're just reluctant road buddies who get on each other's nerves rather than a very vulnerable captive and her drunken, murder-y, short-tempered captor.
As for Dany's bit...I don't blame anyone for this and didn't deduct any points or anything, but I feel like we're getting to the point where her storyline is going to suffer from not having the funds to make huge set pieces every episode.  Everything that happened with her this episode would fit on a sound stage, whereas in the book we frequently get descriptions of Danny looking out over sweeping vistas or up at huge walls and pyramids.  We haven't even gotten a look at more than a handfull of Unsullied at one time since they marched out of Astapor.  Again, I understand that's how it has to be because it's a TV show and not Lord of the Rings, but the fact that they talk about all these huge armies and cities and then we only see like five people and a few hundred square feet of space at once makes it feel a little surreal and claustrophobic.
427	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-04	I don't see how it could have the same emotional punch since you already knew what was going to happen.  I personally loved the episode, 10/10.It wasn't the fact that I knew, it was the fact that it was shown less from Cat's perspective of losing all her children and all the North being wiped out and more from Rob and Talisa and baby to be's perspective which was good and shocking but for ME lacked the emotional impact (and since it didn't happen in the books it isn't bc I knew it was coming)
428	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-04	I don't see how it could have the same emotional punch since you already knew what was going to happen.  I personally loved the episode, 10/10.It wasn't the fact that I knew, it was the fact that it was shown less from Cat's perspective of losing all her children and all the North being wiped out and more from Rob and Talisa and baby to be's perspective which was good and shocking but for ME lacked the emotional impact (and since it didn't happen in the books it isn't bc I knew it was coming)
429	Abaddon	2013-06-04	Not the absolute best-adapted hour of the series so far, but still well done and the original content is so strong I can't help but give it a 10/10 (my only perfect rating of the season).
I think pointing to D&D saying this is the moment they hoped to reach and then nitpicking the hell out of it (my opinion) is pretty silly.  As if we should consider it a failure because they were as blown away by the scene as we were.  But, to each their own.
430	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-04	but some of us like to critically engage with what we watch and not just blindly accept everythingHas it ever occurred to you that if you didnt try to pick apart (incorrectly, in most cases) every single tiny detail of the show, you would enjoy it much more? Just a thought. It just it seems to me that you enjoy moaning about the show more than you do watching it. Which is, lets be honest, somewhat of a sad outlook on anything. OT:10. Not a single bad scene, although some odd editing.
431	Archmaester	2013-06-04	Absolute 10 for me, a masterpiece.
I honestly wasn't expecting it to be so damn powerful and tense having already read the books, but it really was stunning. Not bothered by any of the nitpicks that some have pointed out really, except maybe I would have liked Grey Wind to kick some ass before biting it.
I personally loved the Yunkai and particularly Queenscrown stuff, it actually made Bran's arc relevant for the first time this season.
But this episode will be remembered for one thing only and I can't stress how much I loved it, the sense of dread building up was fantastic and the payoff was brutal. Can't wait to get more Roose in the future, and can't wait to see the aftermath next episode... it's not even finished yet!
All in all, one of my favourite episodes of any TV show ever.
432	Shebara	2013-06-04	As a wild thought, maybe that's because you knew it was going to happen? Almost every professional critic has said what a wonderful job they did of creating suspense.Well Ser, I am very pleased that it did please you and that many people here enjoyed it...but please don t call my critic non professional because it did not please me...we are free folks who think as we like /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
433	DireW0lf	2013-06-04	Gave it a 10. LOVED IT. Everything was gripping in this episode and I think they handled the RW really well, especially since there was a lot of doubt with the way Robb's storyline had been handled. Loved the Jon and Bran scenes. I do wish they had Robb being protected by his bodyguards with the table being thrown over him for protection and Grey Wind taking a few down with him before he died. But very minor points that I'm really not all that fussed about. I'm just looking forward to what next episode will bring!
434	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Has it ever occurred to you that if you didnt try to pick apart (incorrectly, in most cases) every single tiny detail of the show, you would enjoy it much more? Just a thought.It just it seems to me that you enjoy moaning about the show more than you do watching it. Which is, lets be honest, somewhat of a sad outlook on anything.All the bitching in the world isn't going to change the content of an episode already shown, nor the content of what is going to be filmed moving forward.  I suppose if some people get enjoyment out of focusing on the negatives, that's their prerogative.  Doesn't make much sense to me since the entire purpose of watching something in the first place is because you want it to be enjoyable.That's not to say criticism doesn't have its place, and you'd expect the folks who run the website to approach it from that perspective because they aren't just fans.  But for the rest of us...I personally watch it as a fan seeking enjoyment rather than a critic looking for flaws.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2013 - 12:03 PM.
435	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	I watch the show for mind-dumbing enjoyment at this point (which it should NOT be, but that's another point entirely).But this thread is about rating the episode. It's directly asking for an analysis. And when the show is analysed, it begins to fall apart.
436	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-04	And when the show is analysed, it begins to fall apart.So does every work of art, ever, if you try hard enough. The books are not exempt from this (in fact, I would go so far to say the latter ones could, if one wished to do so, be torn to shreds far easier than the show). However, they key, in my opinion, is to focus on the good rather than the bad. Of course constructive criticism has it merits, but if criticism is all you can bring to the table, then why should anyone pay attention to it?Life is far too short to get worked up over a fictional character in a fictional show maybe or maybe not getting drunk in a 30 second scene that had little to no bearing on the plot whatsoever.
437	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	I watch the show for mind-dumbing enjoyment at this point (which it should NOT be, but that's another point entirely).But this thread is about rating the episode. It's directly asking for an analysis. And when the show is analysed, it begins to fall apart.Actually, a rating and an analysis are not the same thing.  You can rate something as to how enjoyable it is without analying it for flaws.  But I don't want to sound as if it is wrong to analyze the show critically, because it's not.I'll just say that I feel sort of badly for folks who spend so much more effort discussing the things they didn't like rather than the things they did, because it seems to me as if they might not be enjoying it very much.
438	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-04	So does every work of art, ever, if you try hard enough. The books are not exempt from this (in fact, I would go so far to say the latter ones could, if one wished to do so, be torn to shreds far easier than the show). However, they key, in my opinion, is to focus on the good rather than the bad. Of course constructive criticism has it merits, but if criticism is all you can bring to the table, then why should anyone pay attention to it?Life is far too short to get worked up over a fictional character in a fictional show maybe or maybe not getting drunk in a 30 second scene that had little to no bearing on the plot whatsoever. There are only so many times I can praise the cast, soundtrack, etc. before it just begins to sound empty. I really don't care if you choose to pay attention to my criticism. If I was writing for others to read, I'd write a semi-professional review. Instead I list problems I've found from the adaptation process. If you have a problem with that and want to enjoy the show without thinking about its problems, the solution is simple: don't read my posts.The last two books have problems, and anyone who has read my posts in the General forum would realise that I have been very critical of them (although I actually think they contain more interesting moments than the first two books).
439	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-04	Instead I list problems I've found from the adaptation process.I'm sorry, but that must be the most fruitless and depressing hobby imaginable. How does that give you any satisfaction whatsoever?
440	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-04	You really don't see how this shows Barristan is drunk??? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  He looks like he's just got home from the local pub.Drunk Barristan is dope.  Blackfish ran out on the wedding (not to piss) but because his buddy Barristan text him about a better party at the Dragon Tent.
441	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	So does every work of art, ever, if you try hard enough. The books are not exempt from this (in fact, I would go so far to say the latter ones could, if one wished to do so, be torn to shreds far easier than the show).According to the books, Edmure and the Tullys were very hard-pressed to resist the Lannisters before Robb arrived. And that's while the Lannisters stood alone, and had to husband their strength against Stannis and Renly.So now, after the Lannisters have been massively reinforced by the even more powerful Tyrells, and after they've eliminated the only other threats they faced -- the Baratheon Boys -- Robb is going to leave Edmure alone once again, to start a risky campaign against the ironment back in the North.As I read the books, newly married Edmure would have been utterly fucked even if Robb's plan would have succeeded, and it made absolutely zero sense to me why nobody really picked up on that. The Tullys and Freys would have been steamrolled as soon as Robb made it north of the neck.Not to mention that despite the extreme trepidation with which Catelyn and Robb entered the Twins, Robb apparently decided it was okay to let the bulk of his force get completely drunk, and not have them stand to arms. This is the brilliant Young Wolf?One can overlook such things, recognizing that writers aren't perfect, and enjoy the rest of the story. Or, you can let such inconsistencies lead you to conclude that it's really nothing more than fluff.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2013 - 12:54 PM.
442	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-04	You really don't see how this shows Barristan is drunk??? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  He looks like he's just got home from the local pub.Drunk Barristan is dope.  Blackfish ran out on the wedding (not to piss) but because his buddy Barristan text him about a better party at The Dragon Tent.
443	Mr. Wiggles	2013-06-04	I wish the battle inside the Great Hall had been a little more epic.  Think of Smalljon Umber flipping a massive table through the air to shield Robb.
But other than that I loved it.  I think that paralyzed look of shock on Robb's face that he had been betrayed was incredibly realistic, very genuine.  On a field of battle he would have sprung into action, but here, completely out of that context, he was helpless.
444	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	Drunk Barristan is dope.  Blackfish ran out on the wedding (not to piss) but because his buddy Barristan text him about a better party at The Dragon Tent. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Nice.
445	King of the Road	2013-06-04	Drunk Barristan is dope.  Blackfish ran out on the wedding (not to piss) but because his buddy Barristan text him about a better party at The Dragon Tent.Brilliant! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
446	JuicyM	2013-06-04	Average by now is 9.37. I think we can easily say that the producers nailed it.
447	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Average by now is 9.37. I think we can easily say that the producers nailed it.Well, some might say that it was the author that nailed it, and that the producers just didn't fuck it up too badly.
448	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-04	Well, some might say that it was the author that nailed it, and that the producers just didn't fuck it up too badly.Being critic about the episode is great, but not acknowledging the merit of the writers and producers is being heartless. My initial voting was 9/9.5, because I did not think the episode was perfect, although I am not very good at expressing everything I feel. However, given the difficulty of the task of adapting this event and living up to the expectations of so many people, and since the reaction of the non-readers was beyond any expectation, I decided to change my vote to 10. This is because I think their effort deserves a bonus and there was nothing badly done. On the contrary, the RW and the Bran/John scenes were nearly perfect, given what they were trying to accomplish. The former could have been done in different ways while accomplishing the desired effect, and some of which are not necessarily better than others; I choose to judge them according to what they tried to do and not compare it to what I imagined. The latter scene, in the books, was very good and, aside from a few simplifications, they were pretty faithful to it; thus, even the purists can only nitpick about insignificant details, considering that the acting was very good. The only scenes that did not deserve a 10 were Daenerys's for two reasons: it contained a clichA of three badass fighters beating dozens of men and it did not create any significant impact with the outcome. This can be explained by the limited budget, so I see no reason to freak out with the fact that so many people gave it a 10.
449	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Well, some might say that it was the author that nailed it, and that the producers just didn't fuck it up too badly.It's not as easy as copying text from a book to adapt something of this scale on premier televisions. Of course much of the credit goes to GRRM, if not the majority, for creating the story. But there's a lot more to making a show adaptation than just not fucking something up. You have to actually produce so much outside of a fantasy world where you can write just about anything and voila it just appears.
450	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Hey, I think the producers did a very good job as well.  I loved it.
Guess I was just making that point before those who weren't so enamored made it.
451	Song of the North	2013-06-04	I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but there absolutely is. To dock points because of a few minor changes? I know I always disagree with your ratings for the show, but given the incredible response this has garnered from the entire world I like to think I can say this with complete assurance - the book is by no means everything.I wish there was a "LIKE" button.
452	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	I wish there was a "LIKE" button. And yet every time they bring it in the forums collapse! Ah well, we do what we must!
453	booknerd2	2013-06-04	As far as penultimate episodes go, which are usually the best/very good.
I rate in greatest order.
1. Season 1 - Ned's unexpected just sets the tone for the series. The hero died. Sean Bean and the other actors and the filming was excellent. I still cringe watching Joff announce he changed his mind with glee, and the fabulous gut-wrenching panic and screams of disbelief of Sophie Turner as Sansa.
2. Season 3 - Red Wedding has issues, was much better than I thought it would be though. Talisa's demise was rough, but they went there. That was shocking for everyone due to it not being in the book, of course.
3. Season 2 - Blackwater was excellent, but people seem to be losing their mind over season 3's. Probably more non-book readers, but this season's. It also has a lot to do with it being the sorrow and shock of the Red Wedding material as well of course.
454	NedStark2013	2013-06-04	Its was great but my question is this Jorahs exile and so called banishment. I wonder if they will change it to Daario as the one who fingers him and Selmy agrees to take the test with Jorah to prove his loyalty and Both pass but Jorah is pissed at Dany for even needing him to proove himself that he just walks away like a boss leaving Dany pissed.
455	mafalda	2013-06-04	Man, fuck Walder Frey, and Mrs. Norris!
456	booknerd2	2013-06-04	He really is great as Walder Frey...a great casting choice.
457	KingStannis4thethrone	2013-06-04	I voted this episode 9 out of 10 and thought it was just brilliant from start to finish.
I don't know who the actor playing Walder Frey is but he was excellent and for me was the star of this episode.
It was sad i thought when Bran and Rickon said farewell to each other as they will probably never see each other again.
I can't wait for the season finale next week!
458	7swans	2013-06-04	I cried too but the TV show really did not do justice to the intensity of the Red Wedding in the books! The lack of drums and a cacophony of sounds was the biggest issue for me...Also no greywind acting weird/No Catelyn insisting on being fed bread as soon as they come! Nothing..Expected so much moreThese were my objections to it, too.  When Talisa remarked that the band was very good, I winced.  The band being horrible was one of the main observations Catelyn made in the book. All in all I was really not expecting to feel so depressed when the credits came on.  Thank goodness they decided to have no end music.
459	raj34	2013-06-04	Man alive what a Mickey Mouse server...
460	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	When Talisa remarked that the band was very good, I winced.  The band being horrible was one of the main observations Catelyn made in the book.She might have just wanted to be polite or was trying to have a chit chat with the Frey guy. Besides her opinion has no value. She's a foreigner and knows absolutely nothing about how "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" should sound properly.  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
461	Khal Pono	2013-06-04	Man alive what a Mickey Mouse server...That's a very rude thing to say to your hosts, who do not have unlimited resources nor tons of ad spam .  Start your own wildly popular message board with unlimited bandwidth.
462	Khal Pono	2013-06-04	I found the Red Wedding seen to be really disappointing, I felt like i was suddenly watching a scene from Saw not GOT.  There was no suspense or dread just plain old shock value, as a reader i found this cheap and incredibly underwhelming as i have been hanging out for this episode for what feels like forever. Some important plot building details that i felt crucial to the making the scene a success were left out. 1) the conversation between Rob and Roose were they discuss the addition of Roose troops to the army. 2) Roose handing a piece of Theon's skin to Catelyn3) The loud terrible music4) the presence of Rob's loyal Northern banner men I dont think the show writers and directors truly managed to show the level of betrayal by Roose and Walder Frey to not just Rob but the whole North and Riverlands.I am a lover of the show, i hope they get back to their usual high standardYour user name is Scratch Face, so could it be that you also missed the moment where Catelyn clawed her face as she died?  Just curious if that's what your name means.I thought that was a great detail in the book but il not sure it would have translated well to the screen.Speaking of Saw-style horror, I was kind of anticipating seeing a final, gruesome lingering shot of Grey Wind's head sewn on Robb's body.  Think we'll see that in episide 10?If shot correctly, I think that could be a simultaneously beautiful and sickening image, much like the amazing shot of Ros's corpse earlier this season.
463	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	Make it an unpleasant, uncomfortable wedding. Make a point of the horrible food, the horrible music, that it's all too loud and discordant and headache-inducing, something you suffer through. It's a horrible wedding -- people who have been to weddings have probably come across an awkard, trying one in their time, so they can sympathize. You want it to end, you want them to get on with it, not go, "Oh, well, here's a happy wedding, it's all worked out in the end."Psychological horror films are capable of inducing dread and unease without resorting to narration and inner dialogue. The secret of Catelyn's last chapter is that it's basically a work of horror fiction, not fantasy, in terms of the mode in which it is written. George does everything but throw in the boogie man.Really, TV can do this stuff. Whether the writers want to do it or not, that's up to them. But it is possible.I can pretty much guarantee that I would hate your TV adaptation of the Red Wedding.
464	go joff go	2013-06-04	I gave it a 10.  There was a lot of things that I wanted in beforehand that didn't make it, but I realized as I was watching that all the action in the book would have been pretty hard to mix  in with the shakespearean need to have people stand up, talk, and interact.  There really is only so much physical moving around that can be done in a scene where people are also talking before the scene starts suffering.  The RW really isn't easily done as a blackwater style action sequence
465	Baltan	2013-06-04	9.5
It would've been a perfect 10 but I hate so much Kit Harington hideous representation of Jon Snow.
Michelle Fairley acting was so great, so neat, that final scene where Robb is killed and she does not scream hysterically, cause a mother has no more strength inside her after seeing her child being killed in front of her. Perfect perfect. We all wanted to see Catelyn clawing her face, but I think the actress reached the same drama point with a final vacant, impotent look in her eyes.
And those who are so critic about Hbo's RW, I feel that the message was clearly delivered, they nailed it. The RW leaves you a sour flavor on your mouth, I don't think that any of the unsullied that watch the show got any other message from that scene: betrayal, fury, sadness, vengance.
466	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	9.5It would've been a perfect 10 but I hate so much Kit Harington hideous representation of Jon Snow.Michelle Fairley acting was so great, so neat, that final scene where Robb is killed and she does not scream hysterically, cause a mother has no more strength inside her after seeing her child being killed in front of her. Perfect perfect. We all wanted to see Catelyn clawing her face, but I think the actress reached the same drama point with a final vacant, impotent look in her eyes.And those who are so critic about Hbo's RW, I feel that the message was clearly delivered, they nailed it. The RW leaves you a sour flavor on your mouth, I don't think that any of the unsullied that watch the show got any other message from that scene: betrayal, fury, sadness, vengance.I generally think show Jon has been lacking in S2 through now but this episode Jon was more Jon than ever so it's odd to bring that up this episode. Maybe you just don't like Kit's face? I know he's a heartthrob to the ladies but I could see finding his face annoying lol.
467	conwaysuccess	2013-06-04	10, I felt stunned...and I don't think I will be able to get it out of my mind for weeks.  The silence at the end was so chilling.  I hope Lady Stoneheart get s sick and twisted safisfying revenge on the effing bastards.  I felt sick to my stomach...and I read the books too.  Honestly I  thought that scene was better than the book part.  Having Robbs wife there made it more sickening and Michele F was amazing.  I was cryin my head off.  And My BF who never has cried to any movie or show that I have seen...was crying.  We been together for 4 years and I was shocked to see him crying too.  This is seriously the best show I have ever watched.
468	Sundance	2013-06-04	This episode was poor, couldn't have made a worse attempt at showing such a good event in the books. Poor effort by the game of thrones team. I'm really disappointed with this whole series. Hopefully it gets better.
469	Epicfurball	2013-06-05	This episode got a 9.8 from around 7000 viewers in IMDb. That makes it the highest rated episode of a TV show ever tying it with Breaking Bad's "Face Off". In comparison Blackwater got a 9.4 and Baelor got a 9.1.
470	NedStark2013	2013-06-05	How did they miss killing Blackfish out side. I mean really he is kinda hard to miss and if he survives episode 10. I say the Freys and Boltons need some goof Fishy revenge.
471	Rapsie	2013-06-05	How did they miss killing Blackfish out side. I mean really he is kinda hard to miss and if he survives episode 10. I say the Freys and Boltons need some goof Fishy revenge.Perhaps he escaped through the hole in the Gardrobe? Although if he did, he would have to change his name to Stinkyfish.
472	Khal Pono	2013-06-05	This episode was poor, couldn't have made a worse attempt at showing such a good event in the books. Poor effort by the game of thrones team. I'm really disappointed with this whole series. Hopefully it gets better.Um, if you don't like the series after 29 episodes, it's probably not going to "get better".This episode got a 9.8 from around 7000 viewers in IMDb. That makes it the highest rated episode of a TV show ever tying it with Breaking Bad's "Face Off". In comparison Blackwater got a 9.4 and Baelor got a 9.1.What about the episode of Beverly Hills 90210 when David Silver's friend accidentally shoots himself while playing with a gun.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 05 June 2013 - 02:49 AM.
473	Epicfurball	2013-06-05	What about the episode of Beverly Hills 90210 when David Silver's friend accidentally shoots himself while playing with a gun.You are joking right? Its really hard to detect sarcasm on the internet, for me atleast. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
474	Khal Pono	2013-06-05	You are joking right? Its really hard to detect sarcasm on the internet, for me atleast. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I suppose it was a joke.  But that was a pretty good episode.
475	YuvalTheVal	2013-06-05	This episode got a 9.8 from around 7000 viewers in IMDb. That makes it the highest rated episode of a TV show ever tying it with Breaking Bad's "Face Off". In comparison Blackwater got a 9.4 and Baelor got a 9.1."Face Off" was great, but come on, "Crawl Space", episode 11, was the best thing ever.And I'd say Blackwater was a little bit better than Rains of, but these are definetly the top 2.
476	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	"Face Off" was great, but come on, "Crawl Space", episode 11, was the best thing ever.Truth. That ending is just perfection.Speaking of which, I was dying to see Michelle Fairley channeling her inner Walter White and going insane while laughing and sobbing at the same time just before her throat was slit. Maybe they decided not to do it, out of the fear that it would look too camp? If so, they're probably wrong. Fairley is an excellent actress, and she would have been able to nail it. Or maybe they decided not to do it, since it might appear too similar to the ending of Crawl Space? IDK.
477	Epicfurball	2013-06-05	"Face Off" was great, but come on, "Crawl Space", episode 11, was the best thing ever.And I'd say Blackwater was a little bit better than Rains of, but these are definetly the top 2.Definitely. Crawl Space was easily better than Face Off and is my favourite BrBa episode. The ending like the previous poster said is just sheer perfection! And I don't know if we're allowed to go off-topic but, Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones? What do you guys think?
478	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	Definitely. Crawl Space was easily better than Face Off and is my favourite BrBa episode. The ending like the previous poster said is just sheer perfection!And I don't know if we're allowed to go off-topic but, Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones? What do you guys think?BB definitely. I love GOT, but Breaking Bad is on a whole another level in terms of artistic integrity and depth.
479	Reposado	2013-06-05	I suppose it was a joke.  But that was a pretty good episode.no it makes sense, especially in the context of the current episode. both were well above par for their respective series, and both had one incredible scene.the red wedding and the scene with brandon and david in the radio booth. ( i dont know if this episode had a particular line as good as "it doesnt matter what you say about someone once their dead, it matters how you treat while theyre still here")annnd, both were far from the pinnacle of their series (blackwater and one wedding and a funeral)Definitely. Crawl Space was easily better than Face Off and is my favourite BrBa episode. The ending like the previous poster said is just sheer perfection!And I don't know if we're allowed to go off-topic but, Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones? What do you guys think?to quote the greatest scene of all time: "tell me this is a joke."
							Edited by Reposado, 05 June 2013 - 07:39 AM.
480	McShrek	2013-06-05	Gave it a ten, as imho it was done nearly as perfect as possible, considering TV boundaries.
Hell, even if I didn't like it at all, I'd still given a solid 8 for the twitter reactions alone. /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />
481	Jussi	2013-06-05	10.
Best. Episode. Ever.
482	DolorousKim	2013-06-05	I'm somewhat surprised at all the tens in all honesty.I tend to agree with much of the "official" review (especially regarding the "Oh Shit! It's a trap! Moment). In all honesty, I found the RW somewhat underwhelming. There were a few nice twists (stabbing Talisa in the womb multiple times was pretty shocking, as was Catelyn slitting his wife's throat), but overall, I really didn't feel that much sadness. Obviously I've read it several times before, so the impact might have dulled a bit, and perhaps the burning of the tents next week will bring a degree of gravitas to the occasion, yet for the most part, it really wasn't that effective.Why is this? I think a lot of it simply stems from the fact that I give far less of a shit about show Robb, show Catelyn etc than I do their book counterparts. That's a result of two seasons' worth of poor characterisation, which cannot be saved by piling on the sympathy at the RW. The seeds for the RW should have been sowed months prior. They weren't, and that lessened the occasion for me. There were other things too. Grey Wind dying like a bitch, Arya acting so damned calm about the whole thing. Obviously, the scene did its job; Twitter went apeshit, people will probably be shocked. I can't help thinking though that it could have been so much better.The Bran/Rickon scene did far much more for me emotionally than the RW. I think the separation was done nicely, I liked the way that Jojen and Meera took a back seat to allow the Osha/Rickon/Bran relationship to flourish. All in all I thought that bit was fantastic (maybe seeing the attack through Summer's eyes would have made it even better, but meh). All the other scenes were fine (there is only so much you can do with choreographed sword-fights).I gave it an 8. I should've given it a 7. It was by no means a 10. Breaking Bad 3X12/13, 4X13 are tens. The Wire 2X11, 4x12/13 is a ten. This was not a ten.I've been dying to respond to this, but the internet keeps eating my posts /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> .  Great analysis, you've summed up what I was feeling far more succinctly than I have been able to manage.  I completely agree with what you've written, particularly the part regarding Bran and Rickon's parting evoking more of an emotional response than the Red Wedding.When I see the many posts proclaiming that this is the best episode of the series, I'm left feeling a bit confounded.  Heck, it's not even my favorite episode of the season (I liked "Kissed by Fire" and "And Now His Watch is Ended" better).  To me, it doesn't even hold a candle to Blackwater or Baelor, and your post perfectly captures why I feel this way.
483	ServantOnIce	2013-06-05	9 out of 10, I thought the Yunkai scenes were mis placed and did not fit into the episode at all. I also wanted Ygritte to shoot Jon snow with an arrow (on a personal level).  Also, could have done a better job with building the wedding tension for us book readers.
"Blackwater" and "Baelor" still stand out as the show at it's best.  The best episode of the season still remains, "And now his watch has ended" followed by "Second Sons" both perfect 10s IMO.
484	ebevan91	2013-06-05	I lowered my rating a point. I gave it a 10 but upon re-watch I gave it a 9. Almost gave it an 8.
485	Ser  Vogler	2013-06-05	10 even that i imagined the Wedding would be in a bigger hall. Most of things were included but with more time they could had the rainy way to twins. Greywinds foreshadowing.
And more:
- big tends were the North Soldiers could have been burned alive.
- Smalltalk; Robb with his leading Staff to bring more depth.
- The discussion between Robb and Roose about Theon
-  Let the red flow
- Greatjon Umber is taking 2mans down with him
And most overall i was a bit disappointed about the overall atmosphere. They should have eaten something poorly which didnt taste so good. They music should have performed more bad than good. But i understand the money and time issues. An other thing is i still can have both sides the show and the book - they differentiate and thats ok to me.
					
					
							Edited by Ser  Vogler, 05 June 2013 - 08:53 AM.
486	tmug	2013-06-05	Cat's screaming of "Please!" isn't going away in my head either. She really nailed it in that scene.
487	Kasporio	2013-06-05	8.
The red wedding scene desserve a 10 but it's only ten minutes not the full episode.
I was hopping Arya could free Greywind to see the wolf tear some freys apart. No. And the hound didn't even draw his sword.
488	Ser  Vogler	2013-06-05	Oh an i forgot about Walder Freys speech before hell breaks out. Its fitting perfectly as he lost his voicebalance when he starts talking about the hospitality. Lov' it.. its going under your skin.http://www.youtube.c...hqvMy2lQ#t=435sThis is showing how Frey is feeling and how desperate he is.. scarry.
489	Khal Pono	2013-06-05	no it makes sense, especially in the context of the current episode. both were well above par for their respective series, and both had one incredible scene.the red wedding and the scene with brandon and david in the radio booth. ( i dont know if this episode had a particular line as good as "it doesnt matter what you say about someone once their dead, it matters how you treat while theyre still here")annnd, both were far from the pinnacle of their series (blackwater and one wedding and a funeral)LOL. This made my day.
490	Paul Blackfyre	2013-06-05	I was saving my 10 for this.
491	Ser Lady Nym	2013-06-05	Got a 10 from me, as an episode of GoT.
If I were to rate it based on my comparison to the book... it'd probably only get a 7.
Michelle's acting was fantastic.
I actually didn't cry though.  40 weeks pregnant and I didn't shed one tear haha.  I thought I was going to bawl like a baby, much in the way I did watching Baelor.  I was emotional and shook up, but for whatever reason, no tears.
492	ma_liky	2013-06-05	For me this was the most disturbing episode from the start of the show. It even passes the killing of Nedd Stark at the end of s1. This episode was so sad, I gave it 10. This is my first 10 for the season couse it moved me so much.
493	ebevan91	2013-06-05	Got a 10 from me, as an episode of GoT.If I were to rate it based on my comparison to the book... it'd probably only get a 7.Michelle's acting was fantastic.I actually didn't cry though.  40 weeks pregnant and I didn't shed one tear haha.  I thought I was going to bawl like a baby, much in the way I did watching Baelor.  I was emotional and shook up, but for whatever reason, no tears.40 weeks, isn't that like 4 weeks late?
494	Cadiva	2013-06-05	40 weeks, isn't that like 4 weeks late?No it's perfectly to term, pregnancy takes 40 weeks but anything over 38 is usually considered term and anything over 40 is late (says she who had her baby after being induced at 41+3).
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 05 June 2013 - 07:03 PM.
495	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-06-05	I never want to judge, but I feel like some of you people are not satisfied if a scene is even remotely different from its book counterpart. I'm sure the majority of us book readers almost always feel that the book >>> movie/show. I choose to judge the show without trying to make comparisons to the book. Basically, when I watch the show it's as if the book does not exist. So as an episode of a television series it's easy for me to give this one a 10. It was absolutely incredible television
496	Maceless Fan	2013-06-05	10 - I was worried they would mess this up but I really "enjoyed" it. Devastating.
497	ebevan91	2013-06-05	No it's perfectly to term, pregnancy takes 40 weeks but anything over 38 is usually considered term and anything over 40 is late (says she who had her baby after being induced at 41+3).Ahh... Ok. I'm a male so I'm not an expert on the subject.
498	Steve Stark	2013-06-05	Ahh... Ok. I'm a male so I'm not an expert on the subject.Har! That's because we're more concerned with putting them in than in getting them out.
499	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-05	I gave it a 9.The scene between Bran and Rickon was wonderful, and I loved the performance by Art Parkinson, who I think was the emotional core of that scene. I think that's the first time he's really gotten to play a major scene in the show, actually. He was brilliant, and the scene was quite moving.I don't have an opinion of the Yunkai segment because I stepped out for a moment... though it's my understanding that about all I missed was seeing Jorah becoming jealous of Daario.I thought they did a good job of the Red Wedding. There were a couple of of changes from the book that distracted me and made me a bit less engaged on first viewing (though being emotionally distanced was going to happen anyway since I knew what was coming and tended to focus more how they handled it). So here were a couple of things that distracted me:1) Grey Wind getting killed in his cage rather than getting to rip some Frey arms off and fight back until the end.2) Catelyn killing the Frey wife instead of the mentally disabled son. I understand why they had to change it (could you imagine the storm of boycotts and political protests - on TOP of the intense emotional reactions that the sequence inherently creates - if they'd actually done it the way it reads?). Yes I think it would have been more powerful to see Catelyn kill someone who is the mental equivalent of an infant or young child, but I think I'm alone in this, judging by the reviews. Apparently the killing of the young terrified Frey wife was sufficiently shocking for most viewers, and I am becoming reconciled to it. Now that I know about it, I will probably find it sufficiently shocking on a second viewing.Aside from those distractions, I thought the Red Wedding was brilliantly staged, and Michelle Fairley completely nailed it. I personally loved her catatonic stare, and it brought me right back into the scene after the killing of the "wrong person" - though I know some fans would have preferred to see her tear at herself with her nails.I thought the fade to black... and to silence... right after the arterial splatter was incredibly powerful.Well done!
500	Victarious	2013-06-06	10 because the blackfish got out!Lollll.  First post I bothered replying to after flipping through 9 pages.
501	andrew_	2013-06-06	Lollll.  First post I bothered replying to after flipping through 9 pages.And thats what you said? shame
502	Keepsu	2013-06-06	I gave it a 9.The scene between Bran and Rickon was wonderful, and I loved the performance by Art Parkinson, who I think was the emotional core of that scene. I think that's the first time he's really gotten to play a major scene in the show, actually. He was brilliant, and the scene was quite moving.I don't have an opinion of the Yunkai segment because I stepped out for a moment... though it's my understanding that about all I missed was seeing Jorah becoming jealous of Daario.I thought they did a good job of the Red Wedding. There were a couple of of changes from the book that distracted me and made me a bit less engaged on first viewing (though being emotionally distanced was going to happen anyway since I knew what was coming and tended to focus more how they handled it). So here were a couple of things that distracted me:1) Grey Wind getting killed in his cage rather than getting to rip some Frey arms off and fight back until the end.2) Catelyn killing the Frey wife instead of the mentally disabled son. I understand why they had to change it (could you imagine the storm of boycotts and political protests - on TOP of the intense emotional reactions that the sequence inherently creates - if they'd actually done it the way it reads?). Yes I think it would have been more powerful to see Catelyn kill someone who is the mental equivalent of an infant or young child, but I think I'm alone in this, judging by the reviews. Apparently the killing of the young terrified Frey wife was sufficiently shocking for most viewers, and I am becoming reconciled to it. Now that I know about it, I will probably find it sufficiently shocking on a second viewing.Aside from those distractions, I thought the Red Wedding was brilliantly staged, and Michelle Fairley completely nailed it. I personally loved her catatonic stare, and it brought me right back into the scene after the killing of the "wrong person" - though I know some fans would have preferred to see her tear at herself with her nails.I thought the fade to black... and to silence... right after the arterial splatter was incredibly powerful.Well done!I thought the change from Jinglebell to Frey's wife was a PC move as well. The scene would have worked better for me if they'd have kept Jinglebell.
					
					
							Edited by Keepsu, 06 June 2013 - 07:18 AM.
503	SER WILLIAM the GREAT	2013-06-06	This was definitely the best episode of the series. Everything about the Red Wedding was shot perfectly. The episode actually made me feel for the characters of Robb and Catelyn. I want justice for their murders, so I cant wait for the Lannisters and Freys to get whats coming to them in the next seasons.
504	Isildur's Mane	2013-06-06	I gave it an 8 (.5)I'll start with what I loved:Cat and Robb (start of episode) I actually liked this scene-  not that it still made sense to go to Casterly Rock - but because we got to see a bit more of Cat (not much but a bit) and Robb.Bran (and Rickon) I thought this goodbye was so touching. The actor that plays Rickon is so cute and did a realy great job. I liked how they did Bran warging Hodor and made a deal of it. I also liked how they kept the line 'no hodoring'. SweetArya (and the Hound) I liked their interactions leading up to arriving at the Twins.I liked most of the 'Queenscrown' scenes, with Jon and Ygritte and Bran warging Summer. I just wish that Jon had got shot... but maybe next episode?Overall, I did really like this episode. But the scenes of the red wedding didn't cut it for me. Here is why:What I didn't like:First, I would like to share with everyone what I feel when I read this chapter.I feel the tension immediately, my hands start to shake, there are parts where I feel numb with disbelief, parts where I feel rage and anger, I get tear-eyed and heart broken. I feel physically sick. And I get these feelings every. single. time. I read the Red Wedding.Watching it: I felt shock when Talisa was stabbed - I didn't know what they were going to do with her -, then numb, a kind of disconnected numb though, when all the Stark bannermen were dying, and shock.I didn't get the rest of the feelings I normally get. I think this is because I was not invested in the Stark bannermen when they died. I know, I know, it's hard to have every character which was in the books in the TV show. There just isn't as much budget or time, I get that. But it also meant, that when it came to killing off all these un-named characters, I just didn't feel anything. I didn't go through the emotional rollercoster I normally go through as I see all these character's, that I have been getting to know, fight for their lives. For me, the fact that we see them fighting back, and then what we think is a rescue by Bolton men, only to be more slaughter, adds to the horror.The tension leading up to the slaughter wasn't there. In the books it's real headache inducing stuff, and you just want everyone to get out of there, but you are not sure why (at least on first read). But instead, the writiers chose to do it differently, which is fine normally, I just didn't think it was effective this time.The show had the wedding being on the happier side, compared to other events which happen in ASoIaF/GoT, and the BAM! everyone's dead!Which is shocking, yes, but I, personally don't feel is as effective.My friend, who I knew that Robb was going to die, but not how, said this about the tension: 'They did a good job exploding the tension haha but not rising it'. Which I thought summed up how I felt about it too.Cat not going mad in the end: I'm in two minds about this. I persoanlly feel it would have been better if she did, but I think it reflects the audience's state of shock after just haing watched the Red Wedding... But I do wish they had managed to put the 'no don't, don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair,' line somehow. It gets me everytime /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Also, I didn't like how Arya and the Hound seemed to get away pretty easily, and how Arya didn't panic or anything.And how Grey Wind wasn't let loose or escape and killed that way. I kept thinking, he's a direwolf, surely a wooden cage can't hold him in.Now, while I had issues with the Red Wedding, I did love both proformances by the actors that played Walder Frey and Roose Bolton. I thought they were briliant! I also liked most of Richard performance, I just thought he needed a bit more fascial expression when looking at his dead, pregnant wife. And love Michelle's performance too, even if they cut her mad parts, that's not Michelle's fault /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I didn't think the Yunkai parts fit in this episode, though I did sit up in my seat thinking that we would get a story of Rhagaer from Baristan but we didn't, which left me thinking, why we got Yunkai in this episode.Anyway, that's all from me. I will say again, I did like this episode, just when some of my favourite characters are dying, I thought it would be even better.
505	The Knight of Flours	2013-06-06	A 10 for me.  Watched it on broadcast night and was so tired I crashed straight after.  Tonight I watched it again and my stomach is still feeling stressed out,
506	Reposado	2013-06-06	I didn't think the Yunkai parts fit in this episode, though I did sit up in my seat thinking that we would get a story of Rhagaer from Baristan but we didn't, which left me thinking, why we got Yunkai in this episode.yeah. by far the biggest killer of this episodes rating. yunkaii stuff should have been pushed to next week or last
507	SamwellTarlyIsMyHero	2013-06-06	I cried too but the TV show really did not do justice to the intensity of the Red Wedding in the books! The lack of drums and a cacophony of sounds was the biggest issue for me...Also no greywind acting weird/No Catelyn insisting on being fed bread as soon as they come! Nothing..Expected so much moreI felt the same way--it didn't have the same pounding sense of foreboding that I got from the book.  I was a bit disappointed.
508	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-06	Upgraded it from a 9 to a 10. I'm treating it as separate from the books. When looked at like that, it was astounding television.
509	Rhogantis	2013-06-06	9.... reserving 10 due to not knowing what next episode and seasons may bring.
I refraned from reading the books, have them but not got to this part.
So i was unaware.
I thought Robb would distrust Frey as his insults were a little far, and in the past he has been known to let down the starks and in battle. Surely you would have had men patrolling and guarding the king right?
Either way i knew something was coming, just not this ... so for catching me like that and shocking me it deserves a high rating.
510	Senor Drogo	2013-06-06	Id have to give it 9, Michelle Fairly, the dude who plays Walder Frey, and the guy who plays Roose Bolton did an amazing job, the acting was great. The Red Wedding was nicely done for a TV adaptation. I think people need to stop comparing it with the book.
Jon snow finally killing orell was epic, i was waiting for that annoying fool to get served. I didnt like the taking of yunkai, it felt rushed,   understandably so. 
Comparing it to previous seasons episode 9 heavy hitters, Blackwater remains the best in my opinion.
511	Kaiser Stormslayer	2013-06-06	I gave it an 8 (.5)I'll start with what I loved:Cat and Robb (start of episode) I actually liked this scene-  not that it still made sense to go to Casterly Rock - but because we got to see a bit more of Cat (not much but a bit) and Robb.Bran (and Rickon) I thought this goodbye was so touching. The actor that plays Rickon is so cute and did a realy great job. I liked how they did Bran warging Hodor and made a deal of it. I also liked how they kept the line 'no hodoring'. SweetArya (and the Hound) I liked their interactions leading up to arriving at the Twins.I liked most of the 'Queenscrown' scenes, with Jon and Ygritte and Bran warging Summer. I just wish that Jon had got shot... but maybe next episode?Overall, I did really like this episode. But the scenes of the red wedding didn't cut it for me. Here is why:What I didn't like:First, I would like to share with everyone what I feel when I read this chapter.I feel the tension immediately, my hands start to shake, there are parts where I feel numb with disbelief, parts where I feel rage and anger, I get tear-eyed and heart broken. I feel physically sick. And I get these feelings every. single. time. I read the Red Wedding.Watching it: I felt shock when Talisa was stabbed - I didn't know what they were going to do with her -, then numb, a kind of disconnected numb though, when all the Stark bannermen were dying, and shock.I didn't get the rest of the feelings I normally get. I think this is because I was not invested in the Stark bannermen when they died. I know, I know, it's hard to have every character which was in the books in the TV show. There just isn't as much budget or time, I get that. But it also meant, that when it came to killing off all these un-named characters, I just didn't feel anything. I didn't go through the emotional rollercoster I normally go through as I see all these character's, that I have been getting to know, fight for their lives. For me, the fact that we see them fighting back, and then what we think is a rescue by Bolton men, only to be more slaughter, adds to the horror.The tension leading up to the slaughter wasn't there. In the books it's real headache inducing stuff, and you just want everyone to get out of there, but you are not sure why (at least on first read). But instead, the writiers chose to do it differently, which is fine normally, I just didn't think it was effective this time.The show had the wedding being on the happier side, compared to other events which happen in ASoIaF/GoT, and the BAM! everyone's dead!Which is shocking, yes, but I, personally don't feel is as effective.My friend, who I knew that Robb was going to die, but not how, said this about the tension: 'They did a good job exploding the tension haha but not rising it'. Which I thought summed up how I felt about it too.Cat not going mad in the end: I'm in two minds about this. I persoanlly feel it would have been better if she did, but I think it reflects the audience's state of shock after just haing watched the Red Wedding... But I do wish they had managed to put the 'no don't, don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair,' line somehow. It gets me everytime /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Also, I didn't like how Arya and the Hound seemed to get away pretty easily, and how Arya didn't panic or anything.And how Grey Wind wasn't let loose or escape and killed that way. I kept thinking, he's a direwolf, surely a wooden cage can't hold him in.Now, while I had issues with the Red Wedding, I did love both proformances by the actors that played Walder Frey and Roose Bolton. I thought they were briliant! I also liked most of Richard performance, I just thought he needed a bit more fascial expression when looking at his dead, pregnant wife. And love Michelle's performance too, even if they cut her mad parts, that's not Michelle's fault /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I didn't think the Yunkai parts fit in this episode, though I did sit up in my seat thinking that we would get a story of Rhagaer from Baristan but we didn't, which left me thinking, why we got Yunkai in this episode.Anyway, that's all from me. I will say again, I did like this episode, just when some of my favourite characters are dying, I thought it would be even better.unrealistic expectations of a television series. not sure how you could've thought your feelings would be more than remotely close given the medium.
512	Isildur's Mane	2013-06-06	unrealistic expectations of a television series. not sure how you could've thought your feelings would be more than remotely close given the medium.I think this is a bit unfair, and a bit rude. This is my opinion, if you disagree then argue your side, don't just dismiss it.Why do you think I should feel feelings when watching a TV show? Why do you think that, because it is a different medium, I can't expect to feel the same feelings, when the same - even more - characters are dying?Yes, I said I was shocked, and I wasn't saying to do exactly what was in the book - I was just comparing the two - sorry if it came across that way and you thought I wanted exactly the same things.All I was saying is I wanted to get that rollercoaster of emotions that I got in the book.Please, next time don't be so dismissive, you may not have meant it, but it came across as rude.
513	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-07	I've seen it a second time now, and I'll have to raise my original vote to a 10.In "The Rains of Castamere," I knew the Red Wedding was coming, but I found the visual medium much more successful for me at building the tension and really revealing the horror of the scene. I found the sense of foreboding almost overwhelming... largely because of the way that they broke the scene up and intercut with other scenes but then kept coming back over and over to the same event, in the same place. And then, of course, there was David Bradley's terrific and perverse performance as Walder Frey. He creeped me out much more on screen than he did in the book... and he creeped me out in the book. The Twins felt depraved and claustrophobic... and we kept coming back, over and over and over again. So yeah, I thought the structure of the episode did a great job of building tension. It just did it in a completely different way than the book did it.Okay, now I'm going to say something not for the purpose of starting a Catelyn argument but just simply for the purpose of stating how successful I think this episode was... I do not like Catelyn Stark (and no, it's not about Jon). Basically, we just have a really serious personality conflict. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />When I first read the Red Wedding, I really didn't feel a thing for Catelyn. I felt for Robb, I felt for Grey Wind, I felt for the Northern Army... and I was angry at the Frey/Bolton betrayal, angry later when I learned of the treatment of the bodies, angry at the atrocity itself and the violation of hospitality laws. But I did not feel anything for Catelyn.Michelle Fairley's performance, though, did make me feel for Catelyn. It was a performance powerful enough that it put me right there and made me experience the horror that Catelyn was experiencing. I know that's supposed to be my experience when I read the chapter in the book, but it didn't happen for me. On second viewing, btw, I felt more for Catelyn than I felt the first time.I'd call that a powerful performance... and a powerful episode.
					
					
							Edited by Tyria Targaryen, 07 June 2013 - 12:23 AM.
514	teemo	2013-06-07	I'm giving it a 9.  Although I have been pretty pissed at D&D since season two, I still expected this episode to be pretty good, and I am kind of a book purist with high standards.  I don't think they have the capabilities to produce something totally and utterly brilliant, but they did very well when adjusting my expectations.The Bad-The pathetic, transparent attempt to emotionally manipulate the audience by having Robb and Talisa pick out baby names literally minutes before she was stabbed in what looked like a prison shanking from Oz-The fact that there was no real sense of foreboding until the doors closed.  Missed an opportunity by not having some clever foreshadowing at all, but I don't think D&D can do that.   -Grey Worm being ridiculous with his spear-The way Roose killed Robb felt weird.  I always imagined Roose slowly walking up to Robb and quietly saying the words to Robb (in the low voice he always uses) and then quickly and deftly stabbing him and twisting the knife.  This was like a more quick and furious stab that felt like a couple more seconds should have been dedicated to.-The throat-slitting CGI was terribly bad and some of the editing during the final moments was inexcusably sloppy.-Only seeing Wendel Manderly for half a second.-Richard Madden and Oona Chaplin's acting-The Hound seems more like a watered down babysitter.  I miss "wolf-bitch."-Don't really like the dynamics between Jon and Ygritte at this point.  Feels too forcefully romanticized and I'm still pissed that they made viewers think she was cool with knowing Jon is still a crow.  I thought they did that so he would have more of an outlet, someone to talk to about his true feelings, but then that never happened.-Dany's storyline didn't fit in this Stark-centric episode and felt more like an afterthought.   -GW dying without getting to do absolutely anything-The lack of bannermen.  It really did kind of suck, and I wasn't expecting to.  Not knowing anyone in that room except for Wendel for half a second definitely made it have much less of an impact on me than it did in the books.-Walder took it a little too far with his comments to Talisa, with the "inside her" remarks in particular-Tormund blowing off Orell's comment about hearing noises in the tower.Neither or Indifferent-I wish they built up the importance of guest right more in previous episodes and it was kind of mentioned in this one, but I think it will definitely be addressed in this weekend's episode (how terrible breaking guest right truly is).-The Blackfish department was weird.  It's gotten a lot of people now too to think that Edmure and the BF were involved in the wedding.  Not sure if that was intentional or what, but makes me wonder why BF had to even be there in the first place considering he barely said more than a sentence or two.-I kind of wanted to see Cat go mad and although I think the Freys had no issue with killing her, in the books I always assumed she would have been taken hostage if she didn't lose her mind.  At the same time, however, the catatonic state worked alright.  -I love the famous "Jaime Lannister sends his regards line," but I understood why it was changed for television.  -Talisa being stabbed.  It was definitely shocking but I'm in the middle between good idea and over-the-top.  I know it definitely gave more of a "shock factor," but with how much I hated that romance story, it felt a little heavy-handed.The Good-Michelle Fairley's amazing acting-David Bradley's acting-Maisie Williams acting-Loved how it ended with no music in the credits.-Appreciated that the final scene felt like it was in the eyes of cat like it should be and not all about the lame twu wuv story between Talisa and Robb.  FINALLY, it was about Cat.  Damn right.-The scene where Cat finds Roose's chainmail gave me book chills. -I'm glad Cat didn't talk about her hair.  It was a THOUGHT.  So it wouldn't have made sense or translated well at all.-Lots of book dialogue, especially toward the very end and I thought the apology scene with Robb was one of the most true to the novels.-Tobias Menzies is such a perfect Brutus.-I like Jorah's jealousy.-I actually found the brief Sam/Gilly scene sweet.  The length of it was perfect for the show.-The Hound and Arya have great chemistry.  Love the fierceness they both share.-"Stop hodoring!" And everything Hodor did.-The attack of the direwolves.  Awesome.  -I'm glad Bran and Rickon finally broke up and liked the conversation between them all and the chemistry.-Art Parkinson in a fabulous young actor.-Jon finally got attacked by Orell the eagle.First time I've given a 9 since Blackwater.
515	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-06-07	Could nitpick (mainly about lack of bannermen and Cat just going catatonic and the amount of time it then took for her to die) and also think it would have been even better if the last shot was Arya getting hit by the axe and not knowing where it came from. I'm also a believe that Rob warged into Grey Wind after his own death, but overall it was absolutely incredible.  It totally worked on screen (more than staying completely 100% true to the books would have done).
As an episode as a whole, I can only give it 10.  I've loved every single episode of the whole series, but this for me was executed so well, (and had such an effect on my unsullied friends, wish I'd been able to record it) that it is my favourite episode.  Pure and simple I loved it.
The North Remembers.
516	GBNova	2013-06-07	First post here.  I am pretty  green when it comes to the whole GOT story.  Most of the time I don<U+0080><U+0099>t know what<U+0080><U+0099>s coming as I am not a reader of the books and have read few spoilers.   I knew Talisa died in this one, and that Cat and Robb died in the same episode, but not necessarily in this one.  I wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t really expecting all 3 were to die in the same scene.  I know, <U+0080><U+009C>Red Wedding<U+0080><U+009D> should have sounded some alarm bells.Anyway, pretty shocking and desperately sad for the Stark family.   I guess this is the way it goes for them.   That said, I feel like I could stand to have a few months off after watching this one.
					
					
							Edited by GBNova, 07 June 2013 - 07:47 AM.
517	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-07	I thought the change from Jinglebell to Frey's wife was a PC move as well. The scene would have worked better for me if they'd have kept Jinglebell.PC? That made me laugh. Because he's a halfwit and that killing women and finding them disposable is PC? Because a show that's killing children worries about PC?
518	lostinasia	2013-06-07	On Jinglebell: so far the show has almost completely cut out fools; the only exception that comes to mind is Dontos juggling in the background in the Blackwater episode. It'd be too weird to suddenly throw the fools in this episode, without them already existing in the world.
Mind you, I think the fools are partly gone from the show for (valid!) PC reasons. It would just look awful.
519	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Mind you, I think the fools are partly gone from the show for (valid!) PC reasons. It would just look awful.See, this attitude baffles me. With all the horrors in this show, showing a retarded person is 'the line' you don't want the show to cross?
520	lostinasia	2013-06-07	See, this attitude baffles me. With all the horrors in this show, showing a retarded person is 'the line' you don't want the show to cross?I mean having a bunch of people with Down's Syndrome or cerebral palsy or whatever, dressed in motley, wandering around the courts and falling over and having our heroes laugh at their pitfalls would simply not look good. "And now, a hilarious interlude as the local disabled kid gets kicked by the nobles of the realm!" Along with Daario's beards and Catelyn's face-gouging, it's something that works fine on the page but wouldn't look good on screen.
521	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-08	It's shameful to make fun of the disabled, but repeatedly stabbing a pregnant woman in the belly is okay.
Baffling.
522	Khal Pono	2013-06-08	It's shameful to make fun of the disabled, but repeatedly stabbing a pregnant woman in the belly is okay.Baffling.I thought the same thing.  But here's how I would explain it: both images are extremely distasteful, but one is more brutal/artistic like the Bible or Titus Andronicus while the other is just kind of naughty and mean, like South Park.While GoT the TV show did give us Mord--I'd say he is probably more "slow" than truly retarded--you will notice they didn't give us Patchface or Lollys, to say nothing of Jinglebell.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 June 2013 - 03:23 AM.
523	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-08	It's shameful to make fun of the disabled, but repeatedly stabbing a pregnant woman in the belly is okay.Baffling.I don't believe it is about making fun of the disabled. They probably left that out because of its apparent insignificant impact to the story and silly look. Just like they left out Belwas. Why is it so important to include such character?
524	lostinasia	2013-06-08	You will notice they didn't give us Patchface or Lollys, to say nothing of Jinglebell.Which is probably my main point: no fools in the show, because it'd look bad to have that going on week after week. It'd also be an extra complication that doesn't seem particularly necessary. And no Jinglebell, because there are no fools. Adding Jinglebell as the very first fool really seen in the show would just seem odd: you'd have to add explanation of what's going on. Grabbing Frey's wife? Easy. Almost no exposition beyond "I'll kill your wife" required. Adding Jinglebell? Too much explanation required.
525	Herb	2013-06-08	I'd give it 9/10. Though there were a few minor details I would have liked to of seen included from the books, cannot question the overall quality of the episode. Talisa's stabbing was quite a "pleasant" surprise. Being a book reader I knew what was to transpire, and figured that she would die, but not in such a brutal way. Really think it set the tone brilliantly for the final minutes of the episode and was the main reason for the huge reaction that followed that episode.
526	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-06-08	It has taken me some time to summon up the strength to venture here to discuss the "Rains of Castamere." I was totally devastated after the Red Wedding in A Storm of Swords, and was absolutely dreading this episode. In fact, at the time, the Red Wedding ruined the entire series for me. Although I finished the remaining books, my heart was no longer in them. Yes, I was confident that the Lannister-Frey-Bolton axis would get what it deserved in the end, but the destruction of evil is a hollow victory without the protection of the good. And Robb and Catelyn were so good. Robb was just a young man fighting bravely for justice for his father and freedom for his people, yet he was betrayed by his own men and died defenseless. No cause that noble nor man that honorable deserved such a cruel fate. Catelyn was a loving mother whose sole desire was to protect her children and reunite her family, yet she died utterly hopeless, believing them all to be dead or captured. All those brave men of the North and Riverlands, who won inspiring victories on the battlefield, were ingloriously massacred. Grey Wind, Robb's loyal companion, was slaughtered while powerless, caged in a pen. The subsequent mutilation of Robb, Catelyn, and Grey Wind's corpses added insult to injury. It is one thing to be a turncloak, but another to be savage and sadistic. All Robb did was fight for justice and freedom, and for that he was murdered and mutilated. Why?
Obviously, therefore, I had high expectations for "The Rains of Castamere," and it exceeded them all.
The shock of the Red Wedding was executed perfectly. Walter Frey was introduced as a repulsive but harmless dirty old man who may have been nursing a personal grudge over Robb's violation of his oath, but whose bitterness had been placated by Robb's amends. The little trick Walder played on Edmure (withholding his most beautiful daughter until the wedding ceremony) deepened the impression that all was well, lulling us into a false sense of security. The wedding feast was jovial as well, with Robb, Talisa, Blackfish, and Roose (wearing a smug, self-satisfied smirk) all socializing and planning for a future that would never be.
And then the mournful melody of the "Rains of Castamere" began, and the suspense began to build. Grey Wind howled plaintively in his pen, trying desperately to warn Robb of the danger he sensed. The fear Catelyn felt upon seeing a Frey lock the door to the hall and as she rolled up Roose's sleeve to find chainmail was palpable. During all this, my heart was thundering in my chest.
The horror of the Red Wedding was executed perfectly as well. The gutting of Talisa (whose character remains a bizarre deviation from the much simpler and sweeter story of Jeyne Westerling) was one of the grisliest deaths I have ever seen, so much so that I actually cringed. Robb, the heroic boy-king who could not be defeated on the battlefield, was suddenly riddled with crossbow bolts. Catelyn, his loving mother, was shot in the back. Grey Wind was shot to death while struggling to break free. After Grey Wind's dying moan, all my mother could do was whimper, "What?" Catelyn's final confrontation with Walder while Robb gazed into the dead eyes of Talisa was heartbreaking. Even though Catelyn's death was not nearly as creepy as in the book (her savagely sawing into Jinglebell's neck, clawing at her face, and laughing maniacally), her empty, hopeless expression was just as powerful.
Other than the Red Wedding, "The Rains of Castamere" was still one of the greatest episodes ever. Bran and Rickon had their most interesting scene since the introduction of the Reeds. Jon finally showed where his loyalties lied. This was an episode of characters crossing paths and parting ways: 1) Bran, Rickon, and Jon, 2) Jon and Ygritte, 3) Arya, Catelyn, and Robb. Also, there was action in every storyline, too. Jorah, Daario, and Grey Worm showed us some Jedi-like moves while fighting in Yunkai. Jon's "you were right the whole time" line made me grin almost as big as Kit Harrington was onscreen. It was really nice to see direwolves so often throughout the episode, even if one of them died horrifically. All in all, a triumph!
The source of this episode's success was in its loyalty to the source material, which will always be vastly superior to whatever bright ideas D&D concoct. I am not as familiar with the other storylines, but I recognized a lot of direct quotes from the book at the Red Wedding. Also, there was no gratuitous nudity crowding out the story. Still, I have to give credit where credit is due. D&D should be very proud of the "Rains of Castamere." It should be right up there with "You Win or You Die," "The Pointy End," "Baelor," and "Blackwater."
The only way "The Rains of Castamere" could have been improved is if D&D had done a better job of introducing more of Robb's bannermen along the way. Part of the horror of the Red Wedding is the sheer desperation of Robb's men as they fight for their lives and their king. Moments such as Smalljon Umber flipping a table atop Robb to shield him from crossbows while fighting Freys with nothing but a haunch of mutton, or Dacey Mormont smashing a goblet of wine into a Frey's face were sadly missing from the Red Wedding. Greatjon disappeared after Season 1, and the only other bannermen we ever met were Rickard Karstark and Roose Bolton.
527	Honourable Ser	2013-06-08	Disagree with your bit about Talisa /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> (I really like her!) but otherwise a great review!!
528	gwenyth	2013-06-08	An 8, based on overall content and the episode moving along briskly with no idiotic time-wasters like Pod's Penis or Maergery's jokes.  Were I scoring the RW only, I'd give it - maybe - a 7. 
Huge flaws from my POV: no emphasis on the bread and salt ritual/significance - not even Cat's warning about it; no Grey Wind reaction at arrival; and almost most of all - expecting non-book readers to recognize "The Rains of Castamere" and its significance.
I have talked to five non-book readers: none recognized the tune and only one remembered it's significance when I told him what it was.
All those lacks really impacted the suspense and denoument of the event.  And I don't think any of them would have been that hard to provide within the structure of the TV format.
529	drm7	2013-06-08	11 out of 10.
10 for the episode and it's impact on me (a book reader who still found it very hard to watch).
+1 for the earthquake that hit the internet 1 minute after the credits rolled.
530	Davos Wildfire	2013-06-08	I'll give an 8. The Red Wedding was undeniably powerful, but I thought the dialogue between Robb & Talisa before the slaughter ( teaching little Ned to ride etc.) was mawkish. Whatever GRRM may be, he is definitely not a sentimentalist.
531	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	I'll give an 8. The Red Wedding was undeniably powerful, but I thought the dialogue between Robb & Talisa before the slaughter ( teaching little Ned to ride etc.) was mawkish. Whatever GRRM may be, he is definitely not a sentimentalist.Perhaps, but it is not his show.You call it "mawkish". I call it touching. A breath of fresh air in a world of terrible smells. Too bad it won't come true.You know, someone ought to take the starting conditions of the book series and write it from a less pessimistic and nihilistic point of view. A more realistic world where evil doesn't triumph nine times out of ten, and torturous sadists are a minority.
532	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-09	Just watched it again on a replay, keep my rating of 10.  Fantastic episode.
533	Sun and Moon	2013-06-09	I really didn't want to jump online and offer a knee-jerk reaction, and so I've given my self a week and watched the ep. again.
Words fail me as to how disappointed I still feel. As much as I'm an avid reader, I understand that concessions and compromises must be made in the attempt to bring this epic story to the screen; some I have approved of, some not so much.
For me, it all came down to tone and mood. My initial impression on reading the scene was one of impending doom. The only bright ray, if one could call it that, was Edmure's and Roslin's reaction to each other but even that began to strike a bitter chord, as it became increasingly apparent that it was more than the thought of the bedding that was troubling her. Even the 'Jon's drinking, for all its humour, was ringing alarm bells loudly in my ears. The feast itself should have felt nothing short of miserable.
Now, I know that much of my take was based on Cat's internal dialogue, and obviously that is something that would have been very hard to get across on screen, but I just felt that Cat's observations were a tad too little, too late. Even the chain mail reveal didn't exactly sit well with me.
I just can't shirk the opinion that the screenplay reduced the scene to its lowest common denominator. It was almost enough to make me wish I was viewing the events for the first time as unsullied viewers did.
Edit: Silly me... I've become so completely despondent again, I've forgotten to dole out praise where I feel its due.
Kudos for the way the Bran/Hodor warg was handled. Given that there hasn't been too much emphasis until now on the Stark kids warging abilities, I thought this was an excellent primer for the viewers, although they were probably so gutted by the RW that the full realisation of what Bran's ability might mean in the long run might have been temporarily shifted to the back of their minds. Jojen's dialogue did much to confirm the scale of Bran's achievement, which I think was sorely needed.
					
					
							Edited by Sun and Moon, 09 June 2013 - 02:13 AM.
534	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-06-09	9.5 only because Cat didn't claw her face, which would have made it so much more powerful. I'm kinda w/ you here, but not just b/c of the non-hysterical Cat. I agree w/ Linda's video review of the episode--there just wasn't that build up in the show like in the novel. I think they could've given the entire episode over to the RW and achieved that though. I really wish they could do an "extended directors cut" of the episode and give the RW a bit better of a build up.  D&D got close though. The Jon, Bran, and Dany parts of the episode were handled wonderfully though. I voted this one a 9.
535	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	I'm kinda w/ you here, but not just b/c of the non-hysterical Cat. I agree w/ Linda's video review of the episode--there just wasn't that build up in the show like in the novel. I think they could've given the entire episode over to the RW and achieved that though. I really wish they could do an "extended directors cut" of the episode and give the RW a bit better of a build up.  D&D got close though. The Jon, Bran, and Dany parts of the episode were handled wonderfully though. I voted this one a 9.I agree that the entire episode should have been focused on the RW.It wasn't 'just another event'.
536	Rashtibram	2013-06-09	Everything was great, except for Daenerys. I can't help but feel they should have moved her storyline forward: her episode 7 scene in episode 6 (replacing Theon), then the second sons part in episode 7 (would have made the episode a lot better), and then the battle in episode 8. in this episode her scenes felt rushed, particularly the last scene, and it didn't nearly do the battle justice. also, seeing the 3 fighting styles was cool, but otherwise what was the point of that scene? they just kept getting attacked by guards. would have been better if it had shown them fighting some guards near the main gate, and then opening it for the army.
Besides that, though, a fantastic episode. the two big things, the RW and Queenscrown were both nailed in my opinion, and rickon and osha leaving bran was really sad (art parkinson wow!). I also loved arya's bits, though something felt a bit off; i feel like maisie was given some very clunky lines, and only her acting saved the scene from sounding cheesy (I'm thinking especially her line with 'I know a killer').
537	The Monkey	2013-06-09	I agree that the entire episode should have been focused on the RW.It wasn't 'just another event'.The thing is, if the whole episode had been the RW, people would have suspected there was more to it than just another political wedding. They would have expected things to fuck up.
538	Queen Elsa	2013-06-09	I hope it's not yet too late to include my entry. I just saw the most anticipated episode of this season today and oh boy... what an episode! I expect that I won't be too surprise what's going to happen to that bloody wedding coz I know who dies and who celebrates. But watching and anticipating the shooting arrows, stabbing body parts, and slitting of throats, my heart is uncontrollably thumping and beating fast. I did not scream or cry but I was left speechless and wide-eyed when all of those happened. Let the mourning begins, but first, let me rate this episode a fantastic 10/10. What a great acting by Michelle Fairley, btw --- I could almost feel her pain.
539	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	The thing is, if the whole episode had been the RW, people would have suspected there was more to it than just another political wedding. They would have expected things to fuck up.Well, there is intrigue, suspense, and surprise; and then there is wholesale slaughter.I don't think any unsullied expected the wedding to be completely uneventful.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 09 June 2013 - 11:46 AM.
540	GaMartell	2013-06-09	Definitely a 10!
Cat's last scream made up the fact they didn't made the claw thing
541	Ser Lawrence	2013-06-09	My first post, and sorry if I am redundant here... Gave it a 9, only because perfection is a journey...blah-blah-blah.
I have really enjoyed some of the departures from the books (scripture) because it gives us "readers" something to discover.  The "womb-stabbing" to kick off the HBO version of the RW was the prefect example.  Even though I knew what was comming and was making it a point to watch my wife's reaction to the big surprise (she is "unsullied"), I still found myself gasping out loud at the pure unfilterd barbarism of it.
Season 3 has really made up for the slow-moving set up that was almost all of season 2.
For the record, I had not read the books until I saw an HBO promo for some medieval-looking show with the guy from Fellowship of the Rings and Patriot Games.  Then, after season one ended, I bought all the books and jumped in.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Lawrence, 09 June 2013 - 07:47 PM.
542	kirazikins	2013-06-09	I voted a 10 because the whole episode exceeded my expectations and left me emotionally devastated. The intensity of the violence, the heart-wrenching performances, the utterly realistic production - it all exceeded my expectations, which were naturally high. My hat is off to all those involved.
543	Buster	2013-06-09	Ignore.
					
					
							Edited by Buster, 09 June 2013 - 11:55 PM.
544	Conan	2013-06-10	My wife is still pissed. LOL.
545	Count Balerion	2013-06-11	9/10
The Daenerys scene was OK, but not up to the level of her earlier scenes this season. Bran/Rickon very good, best this season. See, they didn't need the Osha-Reed b*tchier-than-thou-fest. Red Wedding: well done (there are some book lines I'd have liked kept in); Michelle Fairley was excellent (and horribly underused this season, bleah), Roose Bolton guy also good. Not surprised they cut Jinglebell; even apart from the outrage, probably not important enough a character for them to bother. Oh, and Arya good; they seem to have softened her, as it's hard to imagine book-Arya saying "please" to Sandor (with my luck, it<U+0080><U+0099>ll turn out there are a million book-citations of her doing just that).
All my votes are provisional until I see it on DVD, though.
546	David Jones29	2013-06-15	I cried.Honestly i knew it was coming from the books and i really enjoyed the acting it was superb as a fan of the walking dead they said that death scenese usually are the hardest to shoot because you are saying good-bye to that actor forever. I didn't feel the connection to rob in the books because he was never really focused on his parts were mentioned through caitlyn at some points or other characters he was never POV and he seemed whiny in the show but i was still sad to see him go. if you haven't read the books i won't spoil it for you but the second half of season four when they detail Joffrey's wedding will have you excited and definetly was the highlight of the book to me was Joffrey's wedding, all i'll say is GRRM must hate happy weddings because he never writes them.
547	Phaing	2013-06-21	I didn't know it was coming, and it was as ugly as it was unlikely.
The entire Army of the North, gone just like that?
Yeah, whatever.
But hey, Cat Stark is dead!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
Made all the rest of it worth while, bigtime.
548	normalice	2013-06-22	Honestly, I know deviation from a book is to be expected, and that's mostly fine. However, I think the deviation from the book for the Red Wedding detracted from it a lot, and I don't really mean the events themselves: the tone of the red wedding was just not as good in the series.What I mean is this: both the book and the series went for "shock value." The thing is that the book's shock value was that it was so sudden. The series went for the "gore" shock value, which just isn't as good. In the book there was virtually no indication of what was about to happen until it happened - I didn't even realize what was happening until the next paragraph!But in the series they lock the doors and give a creepy ominous speech about a 'wedding gift.' And then the coreography of the whole 'slaughter' was so slow and unnatural. But, anyway... effective.
					
					
							Edited by normalice, 22 June 2013 - 03:51 PM.
549	Frog-Eater	2013-07-01	9/10, they lost 1 mark for not having Robb and the other northmen actually put up a fight; also a lack of Great Jon was disappointing. Michelle Fairley's performance blew me away, and Walder Frey was pitch perfect as a black-hearted bastard.
550	Branston Snow	2013-07-02	I never thought I could hate any fictional character as much as I hate the Freys. I hope that their is not a single Frey or Bolton left by the end the books besides maybe Roslin. The North Remembers!! What about Perwyn and Olyvar?
551	Anderson Homeu	2013-07-03	idk it wasnt as great for me as ned's beheading. maybe cuz i didnt know what was happening.. i kinda f'ed myself by reading .. but i wanted to be surprised.
552	kingwholostthenorth	2013-07-03	My favorite episode of the series so far. It took multiple viewings for me to come to this conclusion. It really is a perfect episode. I'll list the highlights:Great opening scene with Robb asking his mother for advice.Jon and Bran finally get to be badass! Loved the direwolves.Walder Frey couldn't have been cast better. Had some incredibly funny moments before the massacre. After that, you despise him just as much as you should.Robb and Talisa had some really touching moments. Made the Red Wedding that much harder.Blackfish. His comments about Edmure were great. He says one of my favorite lines of the series. Not to mention that look he got from the Frey girls haha.The dread they were able to get across as soon as Cat sees the doors close and Rains begin to play. My god. Her exchange with Roose was incredible.Robb and Cat were incredible during the massacre. Such pain and emotion. I'll never forget it.
							Edited by kingwholostthenorth, 12 July 2013 - 07:18 PM.
553	Gramsci	2013-07-03	9/10, they lost 1 mark for not having Robb and the other northmen actually put up a fight; also a lack of Great Jon was disappointing. Michelle Fairley's performance blew me away, and Walder Frey was pitch perfect as a black-hearted bastard.More Greatjon = Higher Ratings!Somewhat trivial scene, but when Greatjon and Robb get into blows about who will lead the van is one of my favorite scenes in the entire series.
554	tits and wine	2013-07-23	man.. i was so shocked. i really love GoT because anyone can die, it's an unpredictable show (unless you read the books which i have't). This was crazy, so emotional. i recently started watching GoT and this is one of the best episodes. 10/10
555	Hatsunekai	2013-07-28	I wish it was bloodier. Seems to me there's less sex on this season than the first two. Haha! But ugh they were pounding Talisa with a knife through her belly!
556	Ser Samwell Reyne	2013-08-05	definitely the saddest episode yet i was crying for days
557	redtree	2013-08-27	Thought i'd be ready but when the credits finished rolling i just sat there for few minutes still feeling shock
558	salladhorsaanpimpslap	2013-09-04	The only thing I didn't like - and it had nothing to do with the episode - is that I knew what was coming.I envy those that didn't, this episode would've been even more shocking and emotional.started reading the books the day after this episode aired...and im about to finish adwd tonight...RW overshadowed my college graduation which happened on the same day
559	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-09-04	started reading the books the day after this episode aired...and im about to finish adwd tonight...RW overshadowed my college graduation which happened on the same day you graduated on a Sunday?
560	salladhorsaanpimpslap	2013-09-05	you graduated on a Sunday?yeah isnt that what most schools do...? I went to Rutgers in New Brunswick..in NJ  its kinda the norm to have graduation ceremonies on saturdays or sundays
561	Stannis1991	2013-09-06	This episode was really well directed. It was a different experience than the book, since the book build up the tension really well. And the moment when Rob's girlfriend died was really sad. I also think the other story arcs were pretty great to. 10/10 from me
562	Scrambled Aegon	2013-09-14	Objectively, 10/10.
For me personally, 1/10, because I'm a butthurt wuss.
563	Robb Liddle of Liddle	2013-11-13	I am afraid this is my least favorite episode, not because of the massacre, but the way it was handled. For those who did not read the books, I can see how shocking it was, and I understand how they would feel.

On the other hand, I did not see one Frey die during the red wedding (Lord Frey's wife doesn't count.). Graywind took out at least three as I recall. And the Umber that was present during the wedding was not taken meekly. The producer of this series makes such scenes too one sided in my view, and truth be told, people do fight back, and the bad guys take some serious losses that they are not too happy about.

So, my problem with the television series is the portrayal of characters in terms of black and white while the books make them many shades of gray.

I rated this episode as a '3'.
564	fuem	2013-11-20	They should have showed them dumping cat in the river to give better future ref to lady SH and lord Walder was kinda lame in the books he is like the best villain he didn't even he he he
565	Hand of the Hand	2013-12-13	I am afraid this is my least favorite episode, not because of the massacre, but the way it was handled. For those who did not read the books, I can see how shocking it was, and I understand how they would feel.

On the other hand, I did not see one Frey die during the red wedding (Lord Frey's wife doesn't count.). Graywind took out at least three as I recall. And the Umber that was present during the wedding was not taken meekly. The producer of this series makes such scenes too one sided in my view, and truth be told, people do fight back, and the bad guys take some serious losses that they are not too happy about.

So, my problem with the television series is the portrayal of characters in terms of black and white while the books make them many shades of gray.

I rated this episode as a '3'.


I think D&D are doing a pretty good job trying to get that morally ambiguous 'gray' feeling across. in Ep310 Tywin admits that the Red Wedding was brutal, but asks 'would you rather 1000s on the battlefield or a dozen at dinner?' Also, Stannis - is he good or bad in the TV series? The public have their favourites, but I think D&D are doing their best, bearing in mind HBO want to keep ratings high enough to earn back their significant investment in producing the show.
566	Hand of the Hand	2013-12-13	I agree that the entire episode should have been focused on the RW.
It wasn't 'just another event'.



Agreed, it didn't get enough airtime to really build the suspense and tension.
567	Beric175	2014-02-15	I think the Internet has spoken and overall, it was extremely moving. They really did put the emphasis on Walder's misogyny (by first insulting Robb's wife, then joking about his daughter, having the pregant mother stabbed, and finally not caring about his own wie at all, which also makes him a huge hypocrite, knowing that supposedly this all happened because Robb did not marry one of his daughters about whom he clearly does not care one bit). I liked that we were first shown what guest right was instead of having mr. exposition comein and tell us all about it and the significance of it was revealed in episode 10 by Bran anyway so well-done. It'll make for a great rewatch knowing all the dAtails now.

I think the way this wedding was adapted was entirely intentional because Tyrion's wedding, while being awkward ended in as happy a way as possible given the circumstances, whereas here they played the RW as a much more enjoyable affair at the beginning but with as bad an outcome as one can imagine. It's a nice contrast and in an episode that jumps around to different characters, if you buld up tension at the wdding, it's forgotten aboutby the audience once you switch over to a different character and ifthey'd stagedthe whole episode at teh Twins people would have thought something was up so in that sense it's agreat adaptation of these events.Having Robb and his men and direwolf not fight backseemled also to bea way for them to take away the viewers' hope thatmuch more effectively because they are killed whilst being completely helpless, which adds to the sympathy we feel for them as characters and the episode clearly did not want us to feem that there was any upside to this, which even the book did not do because there at least we were told that the Northmen defended themselves valiantly but clearly the feeling of hopelessness is more important here, which I have no problem with at all. I wonder if the Talisa stabbing was a nod to Dacey Mormont's death by axe in the belly or not?
568	Ran	2013-06-02	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
569	cooper56	2013-06-02	the moment we all have been waiting  to see happen in tv series... its about to happen
					
					
							Edited by cooper56, 02 June 2013 - 08:00 PM.
570	Minsc	2013-06-02	And now it begins
571	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	And now it beginsOr it will once this completely incomprehensible promo for The Newsroom ends.
572	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	And now it beginsno, now it ends.
573	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Will the forum go down?
574	Drysh Wyvernborn	2013-06-02	By da seven...
575	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	In before the forum breaks. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
576	Ned'sHead	2013-06-02	This is the first time I've ever been nervous about a TV show. Especially when I already know how it ends.
577	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-06-02	Of course the forum will go down. It pretty much does anyway (though better in recent weeks), so how much more so after today??
578	The Ghost of Winter	2013-06-02	I feel like I'm having an anxiety attack.
579	Tempra	2013-06-02	Up on HBOgo for anyone yet?
580	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	no tyrion apparently.
581	Dragonstoned	2013-06-02	2am in England, going to bed now and getting up later for the mayhem on here and all the unsullied collectively losing their shit.
582	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Aaaaand there's the Twins.
Also, short acting credits today.
583	sk888888	2013-06-02	Can't wait!
584	FrostFangs	2013-06-02	Is it weird that my heart rate is absolutely jacked right now and it's only the opening credits?
585	Wilmot's K'Kompany	2013-06-02	Perfect time to lose DirecTV's signal.
586	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-06-02	Its only the opening credits and I'm so damn nervous that my heart is racing and I'm holding my breath. Wow, this is so nerve wracking!
587	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Yes! Robb is fucking listening to Catelyn!!!!
588	Ser Luke.	2013-06-02	I literally am shaking....
589	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-06-02	It will be good
590	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Ah, good, some hospitality and protection stuff.  I think it gets the point across.
591	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	FUCKING GUEST RIGHTS!!!!!
592	Crazeejezza	2013-06-02	Ah, bread and salt.
593	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-06-02	Surprisingly emotional about this. The actor playing Robb has been quite good this season, really makes me care about the character even though I knew what would happen.
594	Logodnica	2013-06-02	....tear.... bread and salt..
595	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Classic Walder Frey right there.
596	sk888888	2013-06-02	Edmure is peeing himself.
597	Cybvep	2013-06-02	Robb blinked the wrong way! OMG THEY RUINED IT!
598	AndrewBaelish	2013-06-02	My name is marrian... 
Alright.
599	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	I am so nervous. It's like I don't know what's coming.
600	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Walder Frey is so hateable.
Also "loud music".
601	Tewks44	2013-06-02	The wine will flow red indeed... heh
602	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	didn't notice it before....Daario looks like a young Schwarzenneger at times...not a compliment.
603	TMWNN	2013-06-02	Do you have a video camera, or a smartphone with camera? If watching the show with people you expect will freak out over RW, please join Operation WaW (Weeping and Wailing).
604	WinterKing	2013-06-02	No Coldhands?
605	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	"The wine will flow red"
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE
606	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	THAT is CUTE.
607	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	I've always wanted to be a wizard
FEELS
608	Ahri Adaran	2013-06-02	So does it look like the Yunkai and Mereen plots are getting merged?
609	WinterKing	2013-06-02	It's him?
No.
Good.
Excellent!
610	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	So Robb's wife is going to be at the RW? Not sure how I feel about that..although I've had a feeling that ever since she announced she was pregnant that it would be the end of her..
611	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Man, I've been cracking up a lot for the darkest episode yet, lol...
D&D are REALLY setting up some serious mood whiplash.
612	Tooms	2013-06-02	So does it look like the Yunkai and Mereen plots are getting merged?That would make a lot of sense ... There is a credible rumour that the show will be 7 seasons only
613	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	not sure why she's looking at him like that, she knows he hasn't truly turned.
614	Timett sonof Timett is God	2013-06-02	Classic Walder Frey right there.that was hilarious.
615	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	I never ever cry during movies, shows or books....but reading the RW I balled like a little baby..bc I was pissed. I hated George in that moment lol
616	Ahri Adaran	2013-06-02	Yup the way I see it if we get Danny in bunny ears in Yunkai we get seven seasons but if the campaign against Mereen gets kept we get eight.
617	tyrions sliced nose	2013-06-02	I never ever cry during movies, shows or books....but reading the RW I balled like a little baby..bc I was pissed. I hated George in that moment lolwe all did, shows how amazing a writer george really is./sigh
618	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	No hodor, don't shut up!
619	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	is this where Bran starts to turn to the dark side......
620	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	Rickon speaks!
621	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Go to sleep. Stupid forgetful Hodor.
622	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	HELLOOOOOO wolfies!
623	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	Go to sleep. Stupid forgetful Hodor.Did Bran just slip Hodor a Forget Me Now?
624	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Jons bout to peace out..
625	Logodnica	2013-06-02	Yup the way I see it if we get Danny in bunny ears in Yunkai we get seven seasons but if the campaign against Mereen gets kept we get eight.That would suck if they merge the plots.  This is a logical arc:  conqueror/butcher of Essos --> attempt to rule --> fail  ---> conqueror/butcher of Westeros
626	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	well, at least the love triangle is gone.
627	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Did Bran just slip Hodor a Forget Me Now?I think so!And goodbye Gareth!
628	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Oh, poor Edmure..
629	Ahri Adaran	2013-06-02	Well they don't necessarily need two seasons of conquering in Essos, they can skip a bit and start in on the failing in season 4.
630	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Edmure, hook, line and sinker.
631	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-06-02	Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  
I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?
632	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Queenscrown was really cool.
633	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Maybe I missed something but wasn't Dany supposed to find out by this point that Mormont betrayed her?
634	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?Brown and Black,Summer and Shaggy.
635	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	Jorah...you whine like a mule...you are still alive!
636	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Three Amigos Yunkai?
637	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?IKR? Where is that badass wolf?
638	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	I am legit shaking. 
I'm such a dork.
639	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Yowza...Go Eddy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
640	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Oh my.
She's puuuuuurty.
641	DarkHaunter62	2013-06-02	Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?Ghost is still north of the Wall...he rejoins Jon when Jon gets back to Castle Black, IIRC.
642	sk888888	2013-06-02	hooooo boy
643	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	I am legit shaking.I'm such a dork.I am legit shaking.I'm such a dork.Nah, you're not a dork..I'm scared! For reals..
644	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	do miss the no tears before hand/nervous bride dialogue...was a nice lead up to the wedding feast.
645	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Hahaha, that grin from Walder. Priceless.
646	sati	2013-06-02	Damnnnn Roslin <33
647	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Oh duh of course Osha wouldn't want to go back over the wall! Now the split makes some sense.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Flashheart, 02 June 2013 - 08:37 PM.
648	PeterPaulGualtieri	2013-06-02	I get the impression that the Blackfish might could have known many a Frey lady in his time.
649	ebevan91	2013-06-02	Roslin Frey could get it.
650	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Rickon is being  cute.
651	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	Poor Rickon. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
652	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	do miss the no tears before hand/nervous bride dialogue...was a nice lead up to the wedding feast.I agree..
653	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Holy shit, Rickon has lines???
654	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Hahaha, that grin from Walder. Priceless.Old Slackbladder! That look was great "Bet you'd like that Heh"
					
					
							Edited by Lord Flashheart, 02 June 2013 - 08:38 PM.
655	livewyre	2013-06-02	heart kinda broken up with the bran rickon scene
656	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Anyone else think Robb's wife is def a goner in this episode?
657	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Mya Stone, you're not the only one shaking.
658	Robin Of House Hill	2013-06-02	Can someone let me know how many minutes in when any animal is killed or injured.  I have to let my better half know when to leave the room when we watch it, later.  She has this thing about animals, even though she knows it is all make believe.
Thanks.
659	Commander Jon Snow	2013-06-02	Man, I'm watching this with two people that haven't read the books. This is gonna be epic.
660	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	and there goes Rickon for the next 4-5 books.
661	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Old Slackbladder! That look was great "Bet you'd like that Heh"Ah Flasheart, me old mucker, fellow... sonny jim.
662	Logodnica	2013-06-02	I've read all the books and lurked/participated in the forums for 2 years and I am still breathing way too hard, my heart is pounding, and I have a box of kleenex on standby.
663	WinterKing	2013-06-02	Poor Robb.
664	ebevan91	2013-06-02	Shit I just teared up during the Bran/Rickon goodbye.
665	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Can someone let me know how many minutes in when any animal is killed or injured.  I have to let my better half know when to leave the room when we watch it, later.  She has this thing about animals, even though she knows it is all make believe.Thanks.I'm not one to judge but considering the number of people killed and abused in this series, that seems an odd place to draw the line.
666	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	Ahhhhhhhh
667	shimmy	2013-06-02	I've read all the books and lurked/participated in the forums for 2 years and I am still breathing way too hard, my heart is pounding, and I have a box of kleenex on standby.I'm waiting for my wife to get home to start watching and simply reading these posts has me on the edge of my seat.
668	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Ugh...my heart is pounding out of my chest...."Dulls the senses" he says...
669	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Aha, that's how we get Blackfish out of the room.
Clever.
670	shiola	2013-06-02	KEEP POSTING GUYS.  The forums aren't down yet and I need a live feed omg.  <3 You're lifesavers so far.
671	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Here we are
672	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	was wondering how he got out of the room...though it doesn't make sense yet how the Freys would let him out.
673	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-06-02	I'm waiting for my wife to get home to start watching and simply reading these posts has me on the edge of my seat.Im waiting for it to come up on pirate bay (we dont get HBO in Australia) and foxtel is too expensive for a poor uni student like me.These posts are stressing me out as well.
674	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	And the music..
675	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Uh oh
676	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	Mya Stone, you're not the only one shaking.shaking like a leaf
677	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	AHHHHH its here!
678	cooper56	2013-06-02	eddard /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> so sad
679	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	NO! The wedding doesn't need a bedding...just leave /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
680	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Here comes the bedding!
681	shiola	2013-06-02	What was the first line of dialogue?  Was that spoiler guy on IMDb correct?
682	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	now we see the hesitancy on her face!
683	Logodnica	2013-06-02	was wondering how he got out of the room...though it doesn't make sense yet how the Freys would let him out.Is he being followed??
684	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	HOLY SHIT ITS EXACTLY HOW I IMAGINED
685	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	My heart right now!
686	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Oh my, Edmure is hammered.
687	ebevan91	2013-06-02	OH MY GOD HERE WE GO HOLY SHIT I THINK I MIGHT DIE
688	Commander Jon Snow	2013-06-02	People I'm with starting to get something's wrong lol
689	shiola	2013-06-02	feed me details omg
690	jongtu	2013-06-02	Not airing in Straya for a few more hours. Im supposed to be working currently.  Yet here I sit reading with heart pounding.
691	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Roose Bolton is lovin' it!
692	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Oh hell, there's the kiss of death right there.
693	shimmy	2013-06-02	I was excited for this episode, now I am dreading it. Damn you Walder Frey.
694	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	I knew she was gunna say Eddard...tear /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
695	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	Where is the greatjon with his leg of lamb!
696	shiola	2013-06-02	Where is Arya in relation to the wedding???  Outside like in the books? (Obviously I'm n ot watching at the moment)
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 08:46 PM.
697	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-06-02	Holy effin s***! Talis is........
698	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	I said I expected gruesome...
699	Logodnica	2013-06-02	and who are you the proud lord said that I should bow so low...
700	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	Oh no, this stuff about the baby makes it even worse /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
701	WinterKing	2013-06-02	THE RAINS!!!!
702	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
703	sk888888	2013-06-02	I think I'm having a stroke
704	livewyre	2013-06-02	that music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
705	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	That song!!!
706	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Not that song.......................................
707	Logodnica	2013-06-02	NNNNNoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
708	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-02	Its about to go down...
709	TheMysteriousOne	2013-06-02	Oh my God...
710	shiola	2013-06-02	I NEED TO KNOW WHTS HAPPENING
711	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	Aww, I live in Canada; It doesn't air for another hour here :/
MOVE FASTER,CLOCK!!!!
Why is everyone freaking out?  It's going down, isnt it?
					
					
							Edited by The Angels' Prophet, 02 June 2013 - 08:47 PM.
712	Stark Revenge	2013-06-02	Details people DETAILS!!! I can't watch until tomorrow!
713	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	Anything but that song!! (Edmure later on in the books)
714	Commander Jon Snow	2013-06-02	wow wow wow
715	LadySheWolf	2013-06-02	I feel naseated
716	shiola	2013-06-02	Details people DETAILS!!! I can't watch until tomorrow!THIS!!!!!  WHERE IS ARYA?  WHICH ORDER ARE PEOPLE DYING IN?  BEFORE THE SITE GOES DOWN PLZ
717	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Omfg
718	sk888888	2013-06-02	effin Walder...
719	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	and there it goes.
720	Commander Jon Snow	2013-06-02	holy fuck
721	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Good God...
722	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-02	Damn right in the belly.
723	shiola	2013-06-02	What's happening????
724	sk888888	2013-06-02	Holy crapoli!
725	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	that was fucking brutal!!!!!!
726	Bannerless Man	2013-06-02	What's happening????I think folk be dying.Edit: Brutally.
					
					
							Edited by Bannerless Man, 02 June 2013 - 08:50 PM.
727	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	TELL US FOREIGNERS!!!! We must know!!!! Is Arya involved?
					
					
							Edited by The Angels' Prophet, 02 June 2013 - 08:50 PM.
728	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-06-02	I hate the killing of Grey wind in the book and the show,  hate it
729	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	easier on the outside than having the whole battle and him chase her down with an axe.
730	sk888888	2013-06-02	The axe in the back of the head.  Brilliant.
731	shiola	2013-06-02	No shit people are dying.  I want details-- I can't watch tomorrow and the site is gonna go down as soon as it ends airing.
732	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Holy shit.
733	Mirijam	2013-06-02	What is happening!?
734	Tempra	2013-06-02	LAN-NI-STER! LAN-NI-STER!!
735	shiola	2013-06-02	WHO TOOK AN AXE TO THE BACK OF THE HEAD?
736	TheMysteriousOne	2013-06-02	........
737	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	And what a nice touch - no music over the credits.  It's over.
738	Stark Revenge	2013-06-02	WHO TOOK AN AXE TO THE BACK OF THE HEAD? Arya I'm guessing.
					
					
							Edited by Stark Revenge, 02 June 2013 - 08:51 PM.
739	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	C'mon, the sites gonna go down in like five minutes! Details, Details!
740	ipsuel	2013-06-02	ugh... enough said.
741	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	he isn't going to even lose a son in this?
742	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	WHO TOOK AN AXE TO THE BACK OF THE HEAD?Arya's last line in her POV of the RW is "His Axe took her in the back of the head"
743	irishtemper	2013-06-02	No shit people are dying.  I want details-- I can't watch tomorrow and the site is gonna go down as soon as it ends airing.Who appears to be Black Walder pulled a dagger and stabbed Queen Jey-err Tallisa like 10 times right in the belly...pretty gruesome.
744	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	g'night Robb.
745	cooper56	2013-06-02	Holly shit so sad even if i read books i cried /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
746	livewyre	2013-06-02	roose bolton.......................
747	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	Who appears to be Black Walder pulled a dagger and stabbed Queen Jey-err Tallisa like 10 times right in the belly...pretty gruesome.Oh god....that's fucking sick. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
748	Commander Jon Snow	2013-06-02	My friend is shocked lmao
749	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Arya witnesses murders, and watches, hidden, as Robb's wolf is shot full of arrows.  She tries running for the gate, to get in the castle, but the Hound is right behind her and knocks her out, and carries her away.
750	WinterKing	2013-06-02	I gorged in grief at the Red Wedding.
751	sk888888	2013-06-02	HOLY FUCK IS RIGHT.
752	Xray the Enforcer	2013-06-02	A thousand voices cried out in unison...
753	Bannerless Man	2013-06-02	Did Blackfish get away?
754	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	HOLY. FUCK.
755	Stark Revenge	2013-06-02	I'm a nervous wreck!! Can't wait to watch!
756	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	Catelyn - none of this would have happened if you had just loved Jon.
757	Tewks44	2013-06-02	I was hoping for a punk rock version of "Rains of Castamere"
758	Gerion Lannister	2013-06-02	The credits music is most chilling thing of all.
759	MsLibby	2013-06-02	Why did it end nearly 10 minutes early?
760	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	I had tears in my eyes at Cat's plea. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
761	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Arya...
762	ebevan91	2013-06-02	AND SO IT BEGINS
763	yushkevsh	2013-06-02	For those that hate the violence in this series, this episode is going to make you go full postal.
764	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	Did Blackfish get away?It would appear so - but seems a little iffy since they knew what was going to be happening.  Have to see next week.
765	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-02	SWEET LORD JESUS OF MOTHER CHRIST I LOVED THIS EPISODE.
AHHH HTHEY DID IT.
IT WAS PERFECT.
LET THE INTERNET EXPLODEEEE
!AHHH
HH 10/10
766	Stark Revenge	2013-06-02	Why did it end nearly 10 minutes early?Yeah i thought they were 56 mins long?
					
					
							Edited by Stark Revenge, 02 June 2013 - 08:56 PM.
767	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Silent credits.
Really nice touch.
Actually, I was totally expecting silent credits too.  Just a perfect choice.
768	Bannerless Man	2013-06-02	It would appear so - but seems a little iffy since they knew what was going to be happening.  Have to see next week.*phew* Hope remains.
769	Urine Greyjoy	2013-06-02	Nice. The fetus stabbing was a nice dramatic edition. I always felt they should of offed his wife in the books too.
770	ipsuel	2013-06-02	SWEET LORD JESUS OF MOTHER CHRIST I LOVED THIS EPISODE.AHHH HTHEY DID IT.IT WAS PERFECT.LET THE INTERNET EXPLODEEEE!AHHHHH 10/10^This
771	-Ghost-	2013-06-02	Well then
772	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	I'm a nervous wreck!! Can't wait to watch!Lol, I know what you mean. I've only got to wait an hour or so.
773	sati	2013-06-02	Well...that was...horrific
774	ebevan91	2013-06-02	That was the shortest episode of the season.
775	Faint	2013-06-02	Wow . . . Talisa . . . wow.
776	Xray the Enforcer	2013-06-02	Robb, when your mom says to run, you run.
777	lizziebeth	2013-06-02	That was brutal.
778	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	Nice. The fetus stabbing was a nice dramatic edition. I always felt they should of offed his wife in the books too.Why?  His wifes family was in on it and wasn't pregnant.
779	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	I love the fetus stabbing part, but I would have loved it more if Cat said all her thoughts that was on the book /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
780	Nami	2013-06-02	LOL OH SHIAT
I was kinda bothered everyone stopped playing Rains so they could attack though
781	moonjump05	2013-06-02	I can get another....
782	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	That was perfect for me
783	The Fury	2013-06-02	That was absolutely horrific...in other words, as close to perfect as you can get.
784	Arataniello	2013-06-02	Goddamn I had to force myself to watch that.  Glad I did.  Goodbye Robb, Catelyn.  Arya and the Hound together were great.
785	Ser Jake	2013-06-02	Unbelievable! That was pretty much how it went down in my mind when I read the RW. Sad seeing Grey Wind die. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
786	White Harbors Wrath	2013-06-02	So why did they cast the Manderly?
787	Greywolf2375	2013-06-02	Robb, when your mom says to run, you run.Great line back from Walder though - he could have run as far as the doors...and that's it.
788	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	Did it end with Cat's death?
789	Nami	2013-06-02	I love the fetus stabbing part, but I would have loved it more if Cat said all her thoughts that was on the book /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The fetus stabbing was shocking to me
790	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	I am so grateful they did it justice. 
But I am so, so sad. It was almost worse watching it than reading it. Michelle Fairley broke my heart.
791	Bannerless Man	2013-06-02	Seems all quiet on the Unsullied front.
792	Ser Farbod	2013-06-02	Wonderfully horrific. 
Reaction videos will be showing up again on youtube.
793	Ser Jake	2013-06-02	Where has the Greatjon been this season?
794	Man of Steel	2013-06-02	I know everyone's freaking out about the Red Wedding but wasn't Jon supposed to get hit with an arrow?
795	Faint	2013-06-02	R.I.P. Jeyne Westerling Theory.
796	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-02	I think the show suffers b/c the writers and D & D will not allow characters to have an internal monologue.
797	blasted_saber	2013-06-02	I had a pit in my stomach the whole episode.
Not knowing what was coming would have been shocking.
Holy Fuck
798	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-02	I missed what happened to Blackfish.
799	Urine Greyjoy	2013-06-02	Where has the Greatjon been this season?Someone bit his ear off Tyson style IRL.
800	winterstood	2013-06-02	Fuck!!!!!
Man.............
I'm not quite sure what to say yet....I need the communion of fellow ASOIAF followers.
I need a minute.
801	Doctor Steve Brule	2013-06-02	ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....that tragic vision. 
that was great. like perhaps the best they've done.  don't forget the awesomeness of bran.  and catelyn stark is EXACTLY HOW I PICTURED HER. See, the best part about movies/tv is how the actors can interpret thoughts into expressions.
802	nirolo	2013-06-02	Didn't get any easier this time around...
If anything, it got harder...
803	Tewks44	2013-06-02	Do you think the rather shocking foetus stabbing is an intentional attempt to brutally put the Jeyne Westerling theories to rest?
804	Dr John Smith	2013-06-02	It's just so sad how Robb and Catelyn's deaths seemed like mercy killings in the end as they looked dead inside as it was.
805	Bresixdouze	2013-06-02	How wicked, man.
Even knowing what was going to happen, I couldn't wait to see it on screen. It was chilling, dreadful, visceral, and infuriating.
I didn't expect the baby-bump multi-stab, but that was an extremely dramatic way to begin the massacre.
And the silent credits. Just letting you soak it all in, if that's possible.
806	Drkmoon	2013-06-02	/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Completely amazing and devastating all at the same time! One hour is simply not enough /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
807	WesterosGypsy	2013-06-02	I thought in the book that Catelyn disfigures her own face in her grief?????  I'm asking because it would seem that when she returns as Stoneheart, her face is badly disfigured and almost unrecognizeable....or so I thought?
808	Agamemnon	2013-06-02	BEST ENDING! Frey out of nowhere with the knife!
Also the ridiculous fight scene in yunkai-mereen was well worth the watch.
Pretty much nailed it on every character arc and im happy to see rickon finally heading off, 10/10 imo
809	Regina	2013-06-02	Having Grey Wind's death happen in front of poor Arya killed me.  And it didn't let up after that.  I can't even talk about most of it.
But I have to mention, from earlier in the episode, poor little Rickon wanting to protect Bran! 
*heart breaks into a million pieces*
810	King Kev.	2013-06-02	On any other show, that final scene would have been a dream sequence, and then the character would wake up in a sweat. On Game of Thrones however, shit gets real. I'm still shaking.
811	SelaBela	2013-06-02	I cried. I knew what was coming, and I still cried.  When Talisa said "Eddard" I started getting misty-eyed, cause I knew what was coming.. I barely held it together when Arya *almost* saved Grey Wind, but then the end, as soon as Catelyn's throat was opened, the tears started to flow.  My unsullied boyfriend was like "did the black guy betray them?" (The Blackfish) "or was he just lucky?" I told him just lucky, cause he had to go pee. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
812	Lord Godric	2013-06-02	Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It was almost as horrifying as when I read it.  I just can't even..
I didn't really like Talisa, but starting it all off with stabbing her in the belly made me gasp and instantly made me feel awful.  They also tricked me in the end, I thought they'd maybe let Catelyn live but then..again made me gasp.
I'm ready for Stoneheart and some Frey-slaying.
813	alexislalas	2013-06-02	LOVED this episode, my favorite in the series so far. The RW is also one of my favorite chapters in the book and was really anxious to see how the adapted it and I think they did a great job. They found a a proper way to get the Blackfish out of the wedding, so his story line won't change. Also, including Talisa in the RW keeps everything on track about "no loose" ends regarding the heirs of Winterfell and the whole Westerling thing. I liked how Arya was there to see how Grey Wind was killed, I think it makes her character grow even more in this rage/vengance situation.
Maybe I was expecting a little more fighting from the Stark party and of course got the chills when he sends Robb the Lannister's regards.
The Jon Snow/Bran part was also well adapted. I was also waiting for how they were going to show it and I liked the way how they approach the tower and how he manages to escape. I was waiting for Ygritte to shoot the arrow, but I don't think they want to get to that subplot of Jon being injured. And never expected him to have Orell's eagle scratch his face, nice move of finding a way to include that in the show.
And finally Bran and Rickon split.
Loved the face of Jorah Mormont when Daenerys asks him about Darrio Naharis after taking Yunkai.
Sad next week will be the last episode. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
814	yushkevsh	2013-06-02	I'm sure observant Unsullied viewers will assume something about Edmure and Blackfish's departure before the slaugther.
815	Ser_Patreck	2013-06-02	Shit hit the fan so hard that I had to wait for 15 minutes in order to log in... But that was to be expected.
Still, what got me the most about this episode wasn't even the Red Wedding. It's the way Jojen sees Bran warg Hodor and is not horrified about it, but even a bit giddy. That's an important point. I wonder what, if anything, that teels us about Bran's future in the novels.
Also, lovely Rickon/Bran/Osha moment right there.
816	wandering_lady_Stark	2013-06-02	The fetus stabbing was shocking to me I guess now we know there won't be a (Robb) Stark heir to theorize about.
817	dtones520	2013-06-02	I guess that settles the Robb has a secret heir theory and that Jeynes mom really was a huge cunt and gave her moon tea. Good to see they got the Blackfish out of there.
Loved the episode. Did everyone notice Wendel Manderly and his merman brooch? I'm sure the Unsullied will pick that up.
818	Zman1863	2013-06-02	It was excellently done. I thought the substitution of Frey's wife in place of Jinglebell was smartly done- fools should be pruned from TV whenever possible. And it fit; Frey's had so many wives that to cast one away would be nothing to him as to kill a lackwit grandson. I also think having Talissa present was a nice touch. That bit of new imagery made the scene that much more traumatic, and gets rid of a loose end that has been a creative weak spot for a while. 
Liked the Bran and Company scenes a lot. They were overdue to show Bran start using his powers voluntarily. The Jon scenes were also good; though I laughed out loud when the eagle was on top of him- It looked like a stuffed animal. 
I had to go to the bathroom for some of the Dany stuff so I'll watch that again; I needed some beer to fortify myself for the finale.
819	wandering_lady_Stark	2013-06-02	and Ygritte should be dead! why is she not dead?? this bothers me more than it should. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
820	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	I am grateful that I did not have to watch Grey Wind's head being sliced off, then Robb's chopped off, and the head sewn on.  Perhaps they will refer to that happening in the season finale, or even show a shot of the desecrated body, but that episode was quite enough.
821	eaglestate	2013-06-02	I'm just very mad right now
822	Mappy	2013-06-02	and Ygritte should be dead! why is she not dead?? this bothers me more than it should. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />She doesn't die until the wildlings storm castle black
823	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	and Ygritte should be dead! why is she not dead?? this bothers me more than it should. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
	Spoiler She doesn't die until the battle of the wall.
824	Thelastactionhero	2013-06-02	I'm literally at a loss for words. I seriously was almost unaffected when I read it the first time. Something about seeing it visually fucking really ate at me. The belly stabbing at Talisa was fucking awful. Only glimmer was that they didn't kill off Blackfish which was something I was worried about, since they've already made significant departures from the book. I don't know what to say. I'm quitting cigs and I had to go out and bum one after I saw this shit.
825	wandering_lady_Stark	2013-06-02	She doesn't die until the wildlings storm castle blackohh ok, pardon my rusty mind. I just can't wait to see her die.
826	teemo	2013-06-02	Wait.  If Cat didn't go mad wouldn't they have taken her as a hostage?  She didn't look mad to me there.
827	Mappy	2013-06-02	Fantastic episode, very happy they went through with all the brutal details of the Red Wedding. My Unsullied husband was shocked.
The Red Wedding was very intense in the book but seeing it on screen had a much bigger impact for me. My heart was pounding as soon as the song started and when the stabbing on Talisa started I did gasp.
828	ViennaGirl	2013-06-02	I couldn't watch the RW scenes! The buildup was killing me. The parts I watched were perfect, though. I loved Sandor and Arya. I didn't love the Queenscrown scene - I wanted that tower to be in the lake - the wildlings would have gone in for sure. I liked that they brought in the Orell/eagle thing. I kind of loved Jon telling Orell he was right about Jon all along - ha. I think Ygritte should have shot him, though - I think by not doing it, her credibility is really damaged and they realistically would kill her.
829	Nymphetamine	2013-06-02	I thought that having read it and knowing it was coming would make it easier to watch...I was wrong. That was by far the craziest shit to ever happen on tv and It was amazingly well done. I can't even imagine how I would feel if I hadn't read the books. Now everyone really knows that Martin gives no fucks.
830	Lady Lea	2013-06-02	Actual real-life tears streaming down my face
Catelyn, you beautiful woman.
831	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-02	I'm guessing that Talisa wasn't a Lannister spy.
832	Triskan	2013-06-02	They did a very good job at showing Dany's infatuation in subtle but unmistakable ways where most will catch it without beating the audience over the head with it.
833	Logodnica	2013-06-02	R.I.P. Jeyne Westerling Theory.An GOOD RIDDANCE
834	DavosTheOnion	2013-06-02	I'm guessing that Talisa wasn't a Lannister spy.I agree.
835	WolvesWillRise	2013-06-02	Wow, episode was done well as whole!!!
Wasnt catelyn making a go at that snake lord walder when they "put an end to it" though???
Now really cant wait for TWOW for some vengeance!!!!
The north remembers......
836	Jabronius Maximus	2013-06-02	Wait so I know the show and books are two separate entities, but would Talisa's death mean bye-bye to the pregnant Jeyne theory? We don't see Robb discussing the will at all, so I don't know how it affects the TGNC (although Rickon could still be the centre of the Northern lords' plans as they move to off Stannis and Roose in one fell swoop).
837	Oakenfist	2013-06-02	Say what you what about Talisa but her death scene with the Frey's stabbing at her stomach was so disturbing to watch.
838	Northbound	2013-06-02	I feel like all the good is now gone from the world. Well done. I have one issue.  WHERE THE FUCK IS ROBB'S WILL. THATS BULLSHIT, THAT IT WAS WRITTEN OUT.
839	alwayswinter	2013-06-02	Holy fuck that was brutal. I need a hug.
840	YellowDogJen	2013-06-02	Whew! Stunning, shocking episode, even when you  know it's coming.
The acting was so strong throughout the Red Wedding sequence. Catelyn was just excellent, and Walder was so cold and slimy - he and Roose are just  perfect for their parts. And Roslin so pretty! The hall at the Twins looked just right with the gloomy dirty luxury.  Just like I imagined it.
Honestly, I'm still kinda sitting around and trying to recover from the emotional punch of this episode. Wonderful.
841	winterstood	2013-06-02	just typed a long post that got deleted/not saved. add frustration to sadness and anger over the episode! wow. I wished Grey Wind would've been able to take a few heads, throats and arms with him before he succumbed instead the frey animals slaughtered him like a beast of burden in a cage!
They made the right choice ending with Catelyn though. Instead of, say Arya being hit over the head by the hound. Man that was affecting!!!! Watching Lady Catelyn just stand their in silence..with no music either from the scene or hbo.....and then......
I love Michelle Fairley - she's a GREAT actress!!
842	Lemon_Cake	2013-06-02	Wait so I know the show and books are two separate entities, but would Talisa's death mean bye-bye to the pregnant Jeyne theory? We don't see Robb discussing the will at all, so I don't know how it affects the TGNC (although Rickon could still be the centre of the Northern lords' plans as they move to off Stannis and Roose in one fell swoop).Well, i was never a believer on the pregnant Jeyne theory, but  as you said they are separate entities, we should not use the show cannon to extrapolate on theories about the books.
843	briantw	2013-06-02	I feel like all the good is now gone from the world. Well done. I have one issue.  WHERE THE FUCK IS ROBB'S WILL. THATS BULLSHIT, THAT IT WAS WRITTEN OUT.It was probably excluded because it's not important later.
844	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-02	I loved it.  The people I watched with did not.
845	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Emmy for Michelle Fairley.
846	DragonsHungry	2013-06-02	Reading that in the book was disturbing, but seeing it on TV, the real faces, the real tragedy of the moment, just way more powerful. Reading about a terrible traffic accident in a newspaper is never as powerful and horrible as having to witness it.
That was sad and tragic, I just felt the horror when the Rains of Castamere started to play. When it went to black, I remembered how much all those years agohow AI rages and freaking HATED THE LANNISTERS!!!! I hope the TV viewers have that now.
847	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-02	Loved it. Was disappointed in Grey Wind not killing anyone, and that they had Cat kill the wife of all people instead of an actual Frey. Was it just me or did Talisa look fake as dead when Robb went over to look at his dead wife?   But other than that I loved everything else!
Michelle definitely deserves an Emmy.
848	Ser Farbod	2013-06-02	As soon as he wrapped the bloody "Game of Thrones" scene in which his character, Robb Stark, was killed, actor Richard Madden went straight to the airport and flew home to London."And I cried the whole way," Madden said in a recent phone interview. "I was the crazy boy on the plane crying."http://www.huffingto..._n_3368224.html
849	I'm_Tim	2013-06-02	The North remembers.
850	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-02	This was the best line of the night.	"one day I am going to stick a sword in your eye and out the back of your skull"
851	Sidonie	2013-06-02	The acting was so strong throughout the Red Wedding sequence. Catelyn was just excellent, and Walder was so cold and slimy - he and Roose are just perfect for their parts. And Roslin so pretty! The hall at the Twins looked just right with the gloomy dirty luxury. Just like I imagined it.Honestly, I'm still kinda sitting around and trying to recover from the emotional punch of this episode. Wonderful.Ugh, I couldn't agree more. I have to go to bed for work tomorrow, and I can't sleep. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />It really pisses me off that Talisa, before her death in such a horrible manner, had to stand there and listen to Walder Frey talk about her "firm tits" in such a disrespectful way (she IS a queen, and pregnant with a prince, and had to endure that?). And then die in fear and pain knowing her baby was directly targeted.I'm just fuming right now.
852	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-02	I feel like if they started talking about Robb's will it would have tipped too many people off that a tragedy was about to happen.
853	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-02	Wow....just wow. 
I like that they surprised us book readers by throwing in the Talisa womb stabbing. Totally visceral and the entire scene had the brutal feel of a mass butchery, just as I imagined it while reading. Michelle Fairley acted her damn heart out tonight. The last silent moment of complete agony before her throat was cut was almost too much to look at. It felt so raw. Damn.....
854	Lord Twat-Beard	2013-06-02	Fantastic episode! Queenscrown was great, nice to see some legit swordsmanship from Jon. Yunkai was great, that that trio kicked ass as well. Bran saying goodbye to Rickon and Gilly calling Sam a wizard gave me such feels. 
The wedding was beyond horrible. So it was perfect. I have a new and improved resentment for the Freys. The belly stabbing was a horrific and brutal way to start the massacre. Arya watching Grey Wind die was a great addition to the improvement of her character. Plus the look Roose have Catelyn after she exposed his mail was chilling. 
To top it off, I was light headed after the episode and stepped out to get some air. Only to see that it was raining outside. 'And now the rains...' 
My heart sank again.
855	Heir to the North	2013-06-02	I feel like all the good is now gone from the world. Well done. I have one issue.  WHERE THE FUCK IS ROBB'S WILL. THATS BULLSHIT, THAT IT WAS WRITTEN OUT.It was discussed earlier(and consider me in that crowd), that it probably took place off camera.  That way, when the will comes up it will have an uplifting effect after all the North has gone through.  Or just call it what it is.  Building more drama for a TV show.I thought it went pretty well, I too thought the Northmen would put up more of a fight at least something.  I was saddend that Roose's turn was so quickly shown.  I was still hoping for him to come out of nowhere /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> .  My (unsullied)wife jumped like crazy when it started.  Nearly out of her seat when Talisa was stabbed, and almost couldn't finish it.  Her response after was the almighty "I don't think I can watch this anymore"  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Alas, long live the King in the North /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Great episode.
856	Stark Winds	2013-06-02	Reading these is like listening to sports commentary. It's entertaining as well as gruesome. I can't see the episode until tomorrow, and now I know that a thousand boxes of tissues won't help me get through this episode.
857	CKPS63	2013-06-02	And how great was David Bradley as Walder Frey in this episode?
858	Tom son of Tom	2013-06-02	And how great was David Bradley as Walder Frey in this episode?Absolutely. I can't picture anyone else portraying Lord Walder like he has.
859	Zman1863	2013-06-02	And how great was David Bradley as Walder Frey in this episode?Excellent. That moment of humor at the wedding ceremony set my unsullied sister at ease. I was chuckling at it but also really uneasy knowing what was coming.
860	teej6	2013-06-02	Michelle Fairley was really good.  So the killing of Talisa puts to rest the Jeyne Westerling pregnancy rumors I suppose.
861	Timett sonof Timett is God	2013-06-02	And how great was David Bradley as Walder Frey in this episode?just amazing.
862	subvet	2013-06-02	I loved this episode even though I knew what was to be.  Saddened Greywind died in a cage, that Robb had to see his wife die, and that Walder Frey got to watch it all with that nasty grin and sipping wine the dark red wine.  Great writing, great acting and holy smoke, Grey Worm fights with style!!!  He is rapidly developing as a favorite now....
863	Rockroi	2013-06-02	Mawidge<U+0080> Mawidge is what bwings us towgewther towday<U+0080>This was the best episode of the season and the second best episode of the series, second only to Blackwater.  Here<U+0080><U+0099>s why:The Wilding, the Wild and the Snow: Maybe the lost story-line this season was not so much Jon Snow and Ygritte, but the internal struggle of Jon snow<U+0080> and Ygritte.  Snow is, believe it or not, NOT a bog story idea.  We KNOW Jon is not conflicted <U+0080><U+0093> he is a Northerner of the Black.  He was NEVER going to go Wildling.  And he was protecting his men back on the Wall.  But<U+0080>.Ygritte<U+0080> the struggle she was facing was sound and fury. She was in love with Jon, but unlike Jon whose men are so far away, Ygritte was protecting men and women she was with and SHE KNEW Jon was still loyal to his people.  But she is loyal to HER people<U+0080> and to him.  Jon never has THAT baggage <U+0080><U+0093> he never has to worry that Ygritte will wake up one day and kill everybody he cares about BECAUSE of him. Ygritte has EXACTLY that worry.  She is LITERALLY sleeping with the enemy and when Jon goes over the top- an amazing scene in an episode filled with amazing scenes <U+0080><U+0093> SHE is the one left feeling like she just got gutted and slain on the field.  She let this happened.  She got her people killed.  AND SHE KNEW!Honorable mentions to Tormond Giantsbane and the warg.  I liked the way Tormond acted and how he knew to salvage all this he HAD to keep Ygritte in line.  That was more important than anything else.  The guy playing Tormond is amazing.   Add in Bran and Hodor and that scene was incredible.  Nymeria and the Hound: I know that to others the Hound and Arya is a little hackneyed and somewhat contrived, but there is something SINCERE about their interaction.  Unlike the teacher-student and prisoner-jailer relationships she has had in the past, the Hound has a very simple one with her- killer to killer.  And she eats it up because she GETS it and he GETS HER!  And the way they interact is true and pure<U+0080> and ugly and gritty.The War in the East: While small and very much out of the way, Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s war in Yunka i was action-packed, real, terrible and ultimatelyt wildly successful.  The fight scenes were simple, clean and stylish with just the right hint of fun .  I know this was not what this episode was about, but it gave us just enough of a taste o make us wonder about the next course.  The Last Wedding:  Once again, I return to my mantra of judging this series <U+0080><U+0093> there are about 6 or 7 scenes sprinkled through the books that if they do not work in the show, the show does not work.  <U+0080><U+009C>Drogon<U+0080>dracarys<U+0080><U+009D>, <U+0080><U+009C>Baelor<U+0080><U+009D>, <U+0080><U+009C>Blackwater.<U+0080><U+009D>  These are the bell-weather scenes was of the show.  They either work and the show succeeds or they fail and the show becomes eminently forgettable or embarrassing <U+0080> <U+0080><U+009C>lost<U+0080><U+009D> if you will.  Think Battlestar Gallactica after the show solved every problem with <U+0080><U+009C>And then Magic Happens.<U+0080><U+009D>  The Red Wedding was the scene that needed to work; in many ways it<U+0080><U+0099>s the scene that either works or the show fails.The Red Wedding worked as a slowly building, thriller; it worked as a horror show; it worked as the end of a war; it worked as vengeance.  From Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s utter shock to the doors closing, the song starting the build; it was Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s armor, the slashing of throats, Grey Wind<U+0080><U+0099>s horrifying end and the last gasp to try to save a dead son.  As I watched it I felt the tension building MUCH like the Blackwater; I felt the end coming and feeling strangely bad for Robb and Cat (much like I did in the books).  I know that Robb fucked it all up; I know he made the mistakes that brought him to his end.  And I know that Cat helped him get there.  But I still felt terrible for them.And then there was the Queen.  Fuck all.  Was she a spy or wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t she?  Holy fucking hell!  I did not expect her to be what she was- but maybe that was the Red Herring that makes the show better than others.  A small detail I they dragged out in front of me that I thought was going LEFT and it went RIGHT.But the whole while, while I KNEW every other step, I was mesmerized.  I was convinced I knew what was going to happen, but all the while I felt like there could be something else to upset the applecart.  That kept me on edge and I was rewarded with the best scene in the show.  I thought that this was as good as this show has ever been.
864	wolverine	2013-06-02	This was phenomenal.  Every scene was worthwhile.  It was anticlimactic knowing what would happen, but how can that be helped?  The entire episode was extremely well done.  Walder Frey could not have been played better.
865	WenchofTarth	2013-06-02	What is with the complaint with Robb's will?  In the books he didn't have an heir so had to make a decision on who would take over for him should he die.  In the show Jeyne was pregnant which means the will wasn't necessary...
866	espec22	2013-06-02	And who are you, the proud lord said,
that I must bow so low?
Only a cat of a different coat,
that<U+0080><U+0099>s all the truth I know.
In a coat of gold or a coat of red,
a lion still has claws,
And mine are long and sharp, my lord,
as long and sharp as yours.
And so he spoke, and so he spoke,
that lord of Castamere,
But now the rains weep o<U+0080><U+0099>er his hall,
with no one there to hear.
Yes now the rains weep o<U+0080><U+0099>er his hall,
and not a soul to hear
Awesome episode.
867	Tom son of Tom	2013-06-02	wall of textGood summary/review. I agree with everything.
868	Zman1863	2013-06-02	What is with the complaint with Robb's will?  In the books he didn't have an heir so had to make a decision on who would take over for him should he die.  In the show Jeyne was pregnant which means the will wasn't necessary...I think it would be necessary if we were being strictly realistic- he'd have to plan for a regency for instance. But that would have complicated things further to have a discussion about regency scenarios. People are upset because its a blow to Jon becoming King in the North someday, a theory I've never subscribed to anyway.
869	Ampris	2013-06-02	1) Does anyone else<U+0080><U+0099>s description of the episode name the mercenaries as the Stormcrows? Dunno if that's a shout out to the book readers, or if they originally had multiple merc companies in there and just ended up cutting them from the final edit without editing the description.
2) Okay to start I am ridiculously excited to see The Twins in the opening even before any of the episode starts!
3) Hey what<U+0080><U+0099>s the big furry dog looking thing running in front of the line? Direwolf? What<U+0080><U+0099>s a direwolf?
4) Bread and salt<U+0080> why didn<U+0080><U+0099>t they talk about it sooner? There were plenty of opportunities. And they really should have explained for non book readers the significance of guest right and all that. I bet many were wondering why they wasted time showing all that.
"You could have had both of them for all I care." Hehehe. Several Walda<U+0080><U+0099>s but none that seems like a <U+0080><U+009C>Fat Walda<U+0080><U+009D> to me.  (Okay, I see later that Bolton is supposed to be already married<U+0080> why would no one have been suspicious of that? I was under the impression northern families generally marry among themselves.) Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s speech was very moving though, very eloquent. <U+0080><U+009C>Love? That<U+0080><U+0099>s what the Starks of Winterfell call it, eh? Heh heh heh. Very honorable. I call it a pretty face. <U+0080><U+009C> Not sure how I like Talisa being there for the RW, very curious to see how that plays out<U+0080>
5) Aww, no sewers. So sad. Really wanted to see how they depicted that one.
6) First time mother or no, is anyone really stupid enough to have a new baby<U+0080><U+0099>s head uncovered in a frozen wasteland?
7) Love Arya and the Hound with the old man. Like her standing up to him and then knocking him out when he calls her kind.
8) Osha trolling Rickon about blood drinking was hilarious.
9) Shaggydog taking out the one Wildling FINALLY showed how big the direwolves are supposed to be. About damn time.
10) <U+0080><U+009C>I<U+0080><U+0099>m a great whistler, greatest in the land.<U+0080><U+009D> Am I the only one who thought that was an innuendo?
11) I giggled at the Frey girls flirting with Blackfish and his disgusted reaction.
12) I<U+0080><U+0099>m trying to figure out why Talisa had a very concerned expression on her face when they took Roslyn for the bedding. Was it just because she is foreign? They didn't even show the men stripping her, so I don't see what was so disturbing about the custom...
Guess Talisa saying she would name the baby Eddard if it were a boy seals her fate, and the doors closing with her still inside<U+0080>
13) Robb being shot by crossbowmen doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t have quite the same effect as Lord Bolton stabbing him, though I<U+0080><U+0099>m guessing they<U+0080><U+0099>ll still have Bolton finish him off. (Yep, I see later that they did.) And Catelyn not killing the <U+0080><U+009C>special<U+0080><U+009D> Frey is something I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think they should take out. The cowering wife instead? Still an <U+0080><U+009C>innocent<U+0080><U+009D> but not quite the same; I think it<U+0080><U+0099>s reasonable to assume the wife knew what was going to happen but a lackwit would have been completely ignorant. Also lame that no one set Greywind free. I thought they were going to have Arya do it but instead they just surround him with crossbows while he<U+0080><U+0099>s caged? Cmon. Talisa bleeding out from her belly was very visually well done, HUGE emotional impact, and I am glad that she is not a spy after all. But I am sad to see her die. Okay so Bolton did finish Robb off and <U+0080><U+009C>the Lannisters send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I know people were upset that we didn<U+0080><U+0099>t get Jaime when he left Harrenhal but whatever. It's not a huge difference for me.
15) One thing that kind of pisses me off <U+0080><U+0093> the biggest episode of the year, actually one of the biggest of the season, and it<U+0080><U+0099>s only 53 minutes? Wtf is that? I was hoping they<U+0080><U+0099>d actually extend it over the time limit like they have done with some episodes but no, instead we get shafted 7 minutes. More even if you take out the previews and recaps before the episode even starts - the show never begins on time.
16) Oh and the preview for the finale <U+0080><U+0093> saw Theon damn it. I was hoping we<U+0080><U+0099>d finish out the season without more torture porn.
870	Faint	2013-06-02	I have no particular preference in regard to the issue but the fact that they did not include the will does not eliminate the possibility that the Northern houses might want to crown Jon.
871	WolframTarant	2013-06-02	Is Michelle Fairley eligible for the Emmy? Isn't there a rule that requires x amount of screen time for a nomination? Either way she totally deserves it.
872	mafalda	2013-06-02	Right sword hand for sale here. It's what I bet when I said that Talisa is a spy!
Yeah, yeah, I eat my words.
It was a good ep... I will not ruin the mood and save my nitpicking about the Red Wedding for the Negative Nitpicking board. Lol, who am I kidding.... ok, not that it wasn't good, it just lacked some stuff I thought. It needed more music (drums!), it didn't have Cat going crazy, no Grey Wind going apeshit, the fact that Talisa Jeyne is dead now tells me she basically has no role left in the entire book series...
For the producers to say that this one chapter was the entire reason they did the series, they didn't really live up to the expectation that I had. I also wish that it had been filmed more like the Blackwater, for two reasons. One, the Red Wedding was such an epic event, it deserved one ep on its own, and two, I absolutely could not concentrate on what else was going on in the ep because I was way too focused on the RW!
I did overall enjoy the ep, I do remember Bran warging, and Osha finally leaving with Rickon, and Dany winning Yunkai. I also love that they introduced all of Frey's unattractive daughters, and the look on Edmure's face when he saw Rosalyn!
So, the Blackfish. Did he escape and head back to Riverrun?
873	wolverine	2013-06-02	I am pretty sure his will can become known postmortem.
874	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-02	was this the first episode that Tyrion wasn't in?
875	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	was this the first episode that Tyrion wasn't in?Second. He wasn't in episode seven of season 1.
876	Caryn Stark	2013-06-02	It was flawless. Talisa had a point for once. 
I just sat stunned after. Faith restored. I hope that they can keep true to the books from now on.
877	Commodore	2013-06-02	@andylevy 1h
it<U+0080><U+0099>s too bad <U+0080>entourage<U+0080><U+0099> didn<U+0080><U+0099>t end like that #GoT
@Doc_0 7 mins
Other than that, Mrs. Stark, how was the wedding?
the comic relief with Lord Frey leading up to it was a great red herring for the ending
					
					
							Edited by Commodore, 02 June 2013 - 10:42 PM.
878	Oakenfist	2013-06-02	I have no particular preference in regard to the issue but the fact that they did not include the will does not eliminate the possibility that the Northern houses might want to crown Jon.I always thought the Northern Conspiracy had to do with Rickon not Jon.
879	Newstar	2013-06-02	Did anyone notice that TV Cat tells Roose that TV Ned forbade the bedding at Cat and Ned's wedding, saying it wouldn't be right to break a man's jaw on their  wedding night? Book Cat remembers her own bedding, so this is not true of the books.
I'm just going to point out that TV Ned (retroactively) did the same thing TV Tyrion did in 3x08, one episode before (put a stop to the bedding and threaten violence). I know a lot of fans were joking about how Tyrion is the new Ned, but wow. Just...wow.
...Not to mention Ned would never put a stop to a tradition like the bedding and threaten violence if he didn't get his way. A very, very odd change from the books.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 02 June 2013 - 10:47 PM.
880	Ran	2013-06-02	Yeah, the Ned thing was just kind of a WTF moment for me. I don't understand why they feel compelled to do such things.
881	WenchofTarth	2013-06-02	I think it would be necessary if we were being strictly realistic- he'd have to plan for a regency for instance. But that would have complicated things further to have a discussion about regency scenarios. People are upset because its a blow to Jon becoming King in the North someday, a theory I've never subscribed to anyway.Seems unnecessarily complicated to add a need for possible regent for his child, I can understand it being ditched.  As for Jon, people really should get off that theory, him being King of Westeros or of the North, more than likely he'll either stay/become a corpse or will remain in the Nights Watch.  Would be too much of a stretch of his "honor" for any other conclusion imo.Rickon will be new Lord of Winterfell.Episode was certainly a punch in the gut though.  Shows how well written and acted this was, even though I knew it was coming it still was a thrilling ep.  Talisa... disliked her character but... wow.
882	SkaggCannibal	2013-06-02	Uhm wauw that they showed that on television, the building-up was so warm and nice and everything was gonna be okay, but then BAM stabbed in the stomache. I thought they couldn't live up to the expectations but they made it feel just like in the books. The whole wedding I felt excited, sad and angry. Great television! But ugh I want some revenge, quick.
883	MSUMC25	2013-06-02	Poor Arya...I kind of wish they would have showed Grey Wind not wanting to enter the Twins, but other than that bad ass episode.  All the non book readers around me were like their better be some action this episode, and I just sat there ohhh man.
884	MSUMC25	2013-06-02	Anyone more fired up than ever to see Stannis Give a few Boltons the red smile in The Winds of Winter or What.
885	Kasrith	2013-06-02	Not sure if anyone mentioned this, but holy Arya foreshadowing. So well done too I thought
	Spoiler slipping into the shadows, that was brilliantspoiler for size 
	Spoiler [img]https://pbs.twimg.co...EK9Hh.png:large[/img]
886	cybobbie	2013-06-02	Awesome episode, really well done. Michele nailed it and I liked that she ended in a catatonic way despite some complaints that I've read here in the forum. I think that the impact was much greater, at least for me. The only thing that I missed was her going for Walder Frey, instead of the wife. Despite all the preparation for the scene with the music, doors being shut, Cat's sense that something bad was about to come, the stabbing on Talise was a shock. The rest of the episode was also great, loved Rickon scene, very touching and The Hound with Arya was also cool, specially the scene with the old trader. I was only upset that the episode was shorter than usual, but already had the chance to see it again on HBOHD, and again got the same shocking and empty feeling at the end. Can't wait for the season finale.
887	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-02	I think it would be necessary if we were being strictly realistic- he'd have to plan for a regency for instance. But that would have complicated things further to have a discussion about regency scenarios. People are upset because its a blow to Jon becoming King in the North someday, a theory I've never subscribed to anyway.Not really, D&D have already said in past interviews that they are fully aware of the will and that they will acknowledge and address it on the show at some point, so the will is going to show up on the show in the future eventually.....
888	karna1983	2013-06-02	Great episode but I really wish they showed Grey Wind fighting - I presume it was due to costs: The vast majority of us love animals and this would have been amazing.  Reading from asoiaf bio:While the butchery of the Stark forces took place, Frey men would kill Grey Wind, but not before he was released by Raynald Westerling, allegedly killing four Frey wolfhounds and tearing the arm off of a man, even while being shot by crossbows. His head was sewn onto Robb's corpse as a final insult to the Starks.PS. In films they have to not kill pets because the films get a negative reaction, even in Independence day everyone is dying, the dog is safe.
889	tito5601	2013-06-02	soo wasnt wendel manderly supposed to say something cause i barely noticed him and didint even see him get killed i dont understand why they couldnt show even one bannerman loyal to rob
890	lostinwesteros	2013-06-02	Awesome!  Everything in the stone tower was done so well.  SO sad when Rickon and Bran had to say 'goodbye'.  They also did a great job on RW - the first time I've really liked Talisa (naming son Eddard) and then, of course, she's a goner right after.Disappointed, though, that they didn't show Cat clawing her face.  That was one of the most memorable visual images I had when reading the book. Just love the interaction between Arya and Sandor.  And - finally - we get some direwolves!Surprised they also got Yunkai in this episode, but they did it so efficiently.  Jorah's being knocked right off his horse by Dario - personally, I've always thought Jorah was a little too possessive and self-assured when it came to Dany, so this is a good thing for me, seeing his reaction.  No Coldhands!!!!  Ackkkkkkkkkkkk  But surely he'll be next episode.  No Melisandra . . . Yea!!!In preview for final episode, seeing Tyrion say The North will never forget was tremendous.
891	Stark Revenge	2013-06-02	Just saw it! Wow my heart was beating like crazy even though I knew I was coming. I'd say that their preformance on the RW was an 8 of 10. It would've been much more powerful had there been characters like the Greatjon. Still very well done I think it got the job done. Yet it will never be able to change my perception of how it happened the first time around, which was still better.
892	Craven Mummer	2013-06-02	Great episode, really epic.
But I can't help but think its all downhill from here. Sure we have a few good episodes lined up for next season but it feels like the RW was the pinnacle. Endless traveling, weird kraken uncles, pig jousting, ninja training, tree dude and naive princes,  nothing with the gravitas of the events of this episode. I'm having post RW let down.
893	Thelastactionhero	2013-06-02	I hope Stannis kills them all. Or Dany burns them all. Or both.
894	Fragile Bird	2013-06-02	Did anyone else notice that Grey Wind was still alive in his cage (you could hear him whimper)?  Since the last episode is called Mhysa, or Mother, Does Grey Wind send a picture to Bran, now that Bran has opened up his mind to warging the direwolves.
895	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-02	Did anyone else like the line Bran said to Hoder?
No more Hodering.
896	Widows_Blood	2013-06-02	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTears
897	Newstar	2013-06-02	Interesting "prophecy" for Arya in this episode from the Hound: the Hound telling her that her kindness would get her killed someday.
898	BigBoss	2013-06-02	All of those tweets are priceless, but I hope they are not serious about boycotting the show just because of the Red Wedding.
899	madprofessah	2013-06-02	Did anyone else notice that Grey Wind was still alive in his cage (you could hear him whimper)?  Since the last episode is called Mhysa, or Mother, Does Grey Wind send a picture to Bran, now that Bran has opened up his mind to warging the direwolves.I'd bet money that "Mhysa" refers to Dany. After all, she is the Mother of Dragons!Anyway, I think the Red Wedding was a 10, despite all the changes that they made to the books. I was actually very pleased with all the other important action they were able to get in, all without going to King's Landing at all. Sad that there's no Jaime/Brienne for two weeks in a row, though. Hopeful that they show up in S3E10. I'd be fine if no Theon appears, but I think I saw a peek of Reek in the preview.I wonder if they are going to do unCat? I hope so, Michelle Fairey tore up the scenery tonight. I think GRRM has ******* up the character in the books but I think D&D could make it very compelling on screen.The Arya-Hound interaction is INCREDIBLE. I love how he is like a giant compared to her and she's just fearless.I had completely forgotten Rickon separates from Brandon. So its Hodor/Brandon & Meera/Jojen who go far into the North. Don't the run into Sam at some point? It's been a bit since I read the books so its a but fuzzy. I do remember Coldhands being helpful on their journey, however and that they wouldn't survive without his presence.I saw a glimpse of Yara in the preview..I wonder how they are going to change the Iron Islands storyline??
900	mafalda	2013-06-02	Did anyone else notice that Grey Wind was still alive in his cage (you could hear him whimper)?  Since the last episode is called Mhysa, or Mother, Does Grey Wind send a picture to Bran, now that Bran has opened up his mind to warging the direwolves.Say whata what now?Anyways, I'm tired of all the Arya prophesies. DD, let GRRM do his job and write the books. Let us do our job and read them. Just because you have inside info about the last two unfinished books, that have yet to come out, that no one has read, does not mean that you get to parade your information in our faces with your obvious, first grade level foreshadowing, and ruin it for us.
901	Newstar	2013-06-02	Why make a big deal of the bread and salt if you're not going to explain what they mean? Was there a deleted scene or something? I can only imagine what non-book readers will make of it.Yeah, the Ned thing was just kind of a WTF moment for me. I don't understand why they feel compelled to do such things.It was just so unnecessary. I guess the writers wanted a cute reminiscence about Ned and Cat, and Ned sparing Cat the bedding (presumably out of concern for her, since the beddings seem to be way more traumatic for the women than the men) would certainly qualify--something along the lines of "Ned loves my hair" since I don't think they wanted dialogue for Cat after Robb dies, just the howl of grief--but on the heels of an episode where Tyrion also nixed the bedding, and also threatened to hurt people if they insisted on going through with it (Tyrion threatened to geld Joffrey, Ned threatened to break jaws), the parallel's pretty obvious.All of those tweets are priceless, but I hope they are not serious about boycotting the show just because of the Red Wedding.Nah, they'll all come crawling back, just like we did to the books. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Just because you have inside info about the last two unfinished books, that have yet to come out, that no one has read, does not mean that you get to parade your information in our faces with your obvious, first grade level foreshadowing, and ruin it for us.Well, grain of salt and all. Arya also "prophesied" that someday she would put a sword through Sandor's head. Unless the writers are seriously going to deviate from the books, no one thinks that will happen, do they? Sandor's "prophecy" did cause me to prick up my ears a little bit, though. I can totally believe Arya's kindness might get her killed; heck, it almost got her killed in this episode, when she tried to go to the castle to try to save her mother and brother despite knowing the danger.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 02 June 2013 - 11:58 PM.
902	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-02	All of those tweets are priceless, but I hope they are not serious about boycotting the show just because of the Red Wedding.there is only one episode left. By next year their "sorrow" will be over.Few comments about Essos. If you pause it at the right moment you can see the exact moment when Dany broke Jorah's heart.
903	Thelastactionhero	2013-06-02	All of those tweets are priceless, but I hope they are not serious about boycotting the show just because of the Red Wedding.I know right? I wonder if this episode is going to effect the ratings really negatively.
904	Leif	2013-06-02	I just realized how huge Daario is.
905	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-02	I just realized how huge Daario is.I bet Dany did too at one point.
906	Sound_of_winter	2013-06-02	i have read the books, and i feel so disturbed right now o__o i don't know if i can watch the episode again.
907	Fragile Bird	2013-06-03	I'd bet money that "Mhysa" refers to Dany. After all, she is the Mother of Dragons!Well, duh, of course, Mhysa is what the slaves call Dany, but this is the finale of the season, Episode 10 will not be all Dany, and if you looked at the brief, 41 second preview of the last episode, about 15 story lines are touched on with shots from the episode.  And since Mhysa means mother, and we see scenes with Cersei and Joffrey and with Arya and Bran, in addition to Dany scenes, one assumes mothers will be a theme.  And Mel, for that matter, mother of demon shadows.So, as I said, since Grey Wind is still alive and whimpering at the end of the episode, will we see Bran receiving a message, now that he has really opened his mind to the direwolves?ETA:  I don't mean to suggest Grey Wind survives, just that the direwolves are all connected and messages may be received by others.
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 03 June 2013 - 12:02 AM.
908	Mladen	2013-06-03	As years before, when I first read that scene in the books, watching it was above dificult and gut-wrenching.
Red wedding scene was not in book tone. This is not chaotic climax we had in Catelyn`s and Arya`s POV where you were trembling from hatred, this was toned down a bit, but very effective. I have to say it was another look at the wedding, and I liked it as much as you can love that sort of scene. Michelle Fairley`s character will be gone for some time (I imagine we won`t see UnCat next weekend), and she will remained unused treasure of the GoT. She was brilliant this episode, but the writing overall this season was bad, and now the chance is missed. The way camera approached to her from behind where Rains of Castamere started and the way doors are closed, in a very sinister way showed how toned, but effective scene will be. What we lack in chaos, we certainly got in astonishing viciousness of killing Talisa. This was the scene we all perversly enjoyed in, and it, unlike the wedding from last episode, completely lived up to its reputation.
And now to Bran and Rickon, who actually spoke something. I cried thrice during GoT, when Rodrick Cassel was murdered, when Maester Luwin died, and tonight(for me morning), during Bran/Rickon conversation. It was much harder to digest this than it was with RW. When Rickon talked about protecting Bran, I was destroyed. Ygritte`s face at the end was priceless too...
Now, Mhysa... Next week we`ll focus on KL and other surroundings. I already saw Sansa in tears, which means we`ll see her reaction. If they don`t come up with something to repay for what they have done to her character in episode 8, I`ll be seriously angered.
Overall, great episode, with such cathartic moments... One thing is certain, no one was immune to this episode... It was perfectly horrific episode that I want to forget soon enough, but alas I think I won`t /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
909	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsThose tweets are pure comedy lol.  It's always great to see the non reading fan's reactions to huge scenes like that.  Btw the funniest tweet was the, "Roose Bolton, you FUCKSTICK"  Tweet haha priceless!
910	mafalda	2013-06-03	Wow, people are going crazy on twitter. Talking about boycotting the show, and never watching it again. I suspected this sort of reaction would happen though. Here's one tweet:
BOYCOTT GAME OF THRONES THERE WAS A STABBING OF A PREGNANT WOMAN, THROATS BEING SLIT, ANIMALS BEING SLAUGHTERED. just sick
Damn. I understand watching a pregnant lady being stabbed in the stomach was just flat out disturbing, but people are really taking this far. It's a show.
911	Willem Blackfyre	2013-06-03	hahahahthey crashed the server here
912	Leif	2013-06-03	Wow, people are going crazy on twitter. Talking about boycotting the show, and never watching it again. I suspected this sort of reaction would happen though. Here's one tweet:BOYCOTT GAME OF THRONES THERE WAS A STABBING OF A PREGNANT WOMAN, THROATS BEING SLIT, ANIMALS BEING SLAUGHTERED. just sickDamn. I understand watching a pregnant lady being stabbed in the stomach was just flat out disturbing, but people are really taking this far. It's a show.The thing is, though, people are stupid.
913	Commodore	2013-06-03	Wedding Crashers photoshop, gold!
914	Ghost Grass	2013-06-03	Question on Talisa: Did anyone know she was pregnant before the dinner? She was conspicuously bundled up before, and it looks like Robb didn't even know. Maybe the plan wasn't to kill her but they had to add that when they saw.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost Grass, 03 June 2013 - 12:11 AM.
915	Robin Of House Hill	2013-06-03	Oh, if only all episodes were this good.
916	Queen Daenerys	2013-06-03	Am I the only one who's disappointed with the RW? It didn't hit me like it did in the books, mostly because they put arya's scenes in between. The death of Talisa was really hard to watch though, as was Grey Wind's. I loved the  silent credits, and loved the Houd's and Arya's interactions. Still a very good episode, I can't wait to hear the reactions of my Unsullied friends!
917	Nudu	2013-06-03	Umber not salapping some Frey men with a leg of lamb? Lame!
918	SerDuck	2013-06-03	RW was no where near as good (and I mean good in a gut wrenching, wtf is going on, why?!?!?! way...) as it was in the book.
The entire Grey Wind scene was wrong and just disrespectful. He was supposed to be tearing shit up while getting shot at with crossbows.
I was overall very disappointed with this episode. I think all the Bran scenes have gradually been going downhill. I don't think the kid is a good actor and now that his character is getting more screen time as the story progresses it is very hard for me to watch him.
They fucked the Jon Snow defecting from the wildlings up also.
The only good part about this episode was Arya and the Hound.
919	mafalda	2013-06-03	Question on Talisa: Did anyone know she was pregnant before the dinner? She was conspicuously bundled up before, and it looks like Robb didn't even know. Maybe the plan wasn't to kill her but they had to add that when they saw.Question on Talisa: Did anyone know she was pregnant before the dinner? She was conspicuously bundled up before, and it looks like Robb didn't even know. Maybe the plan wasn't to kill her but they had to add that when they saw.Well, Robb knew beforehand, in the ep where they slept together and she strangely starts writing a letter. She told him then she is pregnant. I imagine word probably got around or so. Or maybe Walder figured it out when he disgustingly undressed her with his eyes and told her he can always tell what's beneath a dress.Umber not salapping some Frey men with a leg of lamb? Lame!Damn it I wanted that in there so bad! I knew it wouldn't be, because of no umbers this season (lame!) and because I doubt they would have added something so comical in an otherwise very tragic scene.
920	SerDuck	2013-06-03	Wow I can't believe these twitter comments about boycotting the show. When I read this part in the book it made me want to read more. But that's probably because Robb was not a main character and Cat's POVs were always kind of annoying and boring. Some of these tweets are just crazy though haha
921	Zman1863	2013-06-03	I'm not really with Ran's criticism of the tone of the scenes in the episode guide. I think a lot of the change in tone is book to screen stuff- it's never quite as it is in the books, but it makes a close fit. If there is too much foreboding throughout the scenes leading up, the shock would have been dampened or been spoiled. Catelyn's foreboding in her last chapter lets the reader know that something is wrong, but not the degree of danger until things start to move. An unspoiled reader doesn't read the first line with the drums thinking that Robb and Catelyn are about to be assassinated. I don't see many clear ways where they could have conveyed more of an ominous tone without tipping their hand. My unsullied viewer had the appropriate reactions, and I was glued to the seat.
922	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-03	Wow, people are going crazy on twitter. Talking about boycotting the show, and never watching it again. I suspected this sort of reaction would happen though. Here's one tweet:BOYCOTT GAME OF THRONES THERE WAS A STABBING OF A PREGNANT WOMAN, THROATS BEING SLIT, ANIMALS BEING SLAUGHTERED. just sickDamn. I understand watching a pregnant lady being stabbed in the stomach was just flat out disturbing, but people are really taking this far. It's a show.must be the same people that spit on actors cause they cant tell the role from the actor.
923	alwayswinter	2013-06-03	Grey Wind looking over to Arya as he died was the most heartbreaking thing i've ever seen.
924	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	Ah Flasheart, me old mucker, fellow... sonny jim.Been racking my brain to remember what that quote is from.Back on topic: did anyone else get a Charles Manson family vibe from the fetus stabs in rapid succession? Christ. That needed some music to go out on. So hardcore.
925	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-03	was it just my imagining or when cat stopped screaming you can hear her heart turn to stone or it could be crackling from the fire behind her.
926	Joey Beers	2013-06-03	Great episode. Thanks the old gods and the new that this season has done well. Last season suuucckked. Anyway, I didn't love the way the first 20 minutes was spent by showing a bit then cutting to a different story line, then showing a bit and cutting to a different story line. That being said, eventually those things did come together and present what needed to be resolved at this point in the story. God I love the fact that people I know who haven't read the books are freaking out about the Red Wedding. They also seem to think Dany is about to destroy people with her dragons. Huzzah for literacy!
927	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-06-03	The worst part of the episode was the way they killed Grey Wind, I was hoping for Arya to open up that cage and let him kill some Freys, but nope they just decided to kill him without him getting any kills. I'm just glad Summer and Shaggy got some action earlier in the episode.
I liked the Bran scenes though, loved how he warged Hodor and shut him up.  Also I loved the look Orell gave to the window when the warging was going on, kind of like how he knew something more was happening then.  But I really thought Orell would be the one to tell Jon Snow he's a warg, I guess it's up to Sam to tell him now.
Speaking of Sam, where is Coldhands?  He's pretty much at the wall, and he knows about the Black Gate from a book already.  I guess he's going to show Bran the door and sometime next season Coldhands will save Bran/Meera/Jojen and Sam will never meet him.
928	Homer Lannister	2013-06-03	While I'll admit that it was a good episode overall, I still feel that show RW was not even half of the quality of the book RW. As a wise man (from Looper I might add) once said, "It's the little ones that get you"This to me was the case with this episode and pretty much this entire season. Many people (myself included) have been babbling on and on about a few little things that we knew would soften the impact of the Red wedding and thus weaken this season overall. E.g. Robb's apparent battle retardedness in wanting to take CASTERLY FUCKING ROCK instead of his retaking his seat of power at Winterfell, the lack of ANY northern bannermen (this one annoys me the most), Catlyn's screen time being reduced, the karstarks having HALF of Robbs fucking army, lack of Greywind, Thugfish & most of all the poorly adapted robb-talisa love story.About the lack of northern bannermen, IMHO it completely ruined the fact that the Freys killed practically the entire north, that was a huge minus for me in the sympathy department. Instead we get 20 random and nameless mu'fuckers being butchered at the wedding. Who were these people? and why were they allowed to attend the wedding? I guess they were bannermen of some sorts, but they seemed of about as much importance as sock puppets. Plus the Talisa stabbing had no impact on me whatsoever, D & D think only brute violence or gruesomeness can make you sympathize with a dying character, but the power of the original material was in establishing the characters properly and MAKING you love them before tearing them down. I had no strong feelings for either Talisa or Robb due to D & D's ponderous writing. There were quite a few other little niggles, e.g. the exceptional sellsword musicians, the lack of the 'mentally challenged' frey, no drums, no grey wind going apeshit, the shooting of catelyn, etc. I suspect most of this would not matter to non-book readers and it'll be a shock to them nonetheless, but from a book readers perspective I think ultimately that D & D failed to live up to the hype of the original RW and also failed to deliver on their 'series defining' moment. The original RW was and still is the most shocking and tragic thing to happen in ASOIAF, but in the show (for me at least) it didn't generate as much sympathy as the ned stark death.I have enjoyed this season thus far but the more they make strange and often unnecessary departures from the book (particularly a storm of swords which is the best in the franchise) the more it weakens the show overall. IMHO they can start making crazy changes when they hit books 4 & 5 which are in dire need of some form of change as they are pretty week compared to the first 3 books. Like I said before, "It's the little things that get you". Also I'd like to compare these little changes to butterfly wings flapping, slowly and discreetly at first but then building up to a disaster later on.
					
					
							Edited by Homer Lannister, 03 June 2013 - 12:54 AM.
929	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-03	So Ned Stark was killed in the 1st sean's episode 9 and another Ned Stark was killed in the 3rd season's episode 9.
And both died from pointy objects.
930	Kraken's Kiss	2013-06-03	Why did Roose hint to Cat that he was wearing armor?
931	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Why did Roose hint to Cat that he was wearing armor?Because he was taunting her, Roose loves playing mind games with people and he knew that at that point, Cat knowing what was about to happen would not actually stop it from happening....
932	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-03	The look of defeat on Cats face when she sees Robb die. I lost it.
933	alwayswinter	2013-06-03	The worst part of the episode was the way they killed Grey Wind, I was hoping for Arya to open up that cage and let him kill some Freys, but nope they just decided to kill him without him getting any kills. I'm just glad Summer and Shaggy got some action earlier in the episode.I liked what they did with Grey Wind. It was awesome to have him kill some Freys in the books, but just the way he looked at Arya for that second, it seemed there was a look in his eyes like he knew he couldn't help Robb. It also meant the wedding was just 100% massacre, no chance to fight back at all, which hit really hard.
934	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	Because he was taunting her, Roose loves playing mind games with people and he knew that at that point, Cat knowing what was about to happen would not actually stop it from happening....I was really expecting Ramsay to sit down at their table and say "sorry I'm late".
935	Northern Sun	2013-06-03	I felt really bad for both Cat and Ygritte in this episode. The heartbreak from the respective betrayals was done really well.
Maybe when Ygritte bites it she and Cat can both complain about Jon Snow in the afterlife.
936	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	I for one, am actually glad that the show's version of the RW was not as powerful as the book's version.  After reading what happened in the books I damn near almost had a nervous break down lol.  So I was really not looking forward to seeing them die in this episode, yet at the same time I knew the scene was obviously going to happen so I was relieved it happened pretty quickly.  It's a very gruesome, disturbing, and overall depressing scene in the books, but at the same time it's necessary in order to move the story forward so I'm glad the show just got the ugly business out of the way as quickly as possible....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 01:13 AM.
937	ONIT	2013-06-03	Because he was taunting her, Roose loves playing mind games with people and he knew that at that point, Cat knowing what was about to happen would not actually stop it from happening....No wonder Ramsay turned out to be what he is.
938	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	Why did Roose hint to Cat that he was wearing armor?He's an enigma.
939	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	I for one, am actually glad that the show's version of the RW was not as powerful as the book's version.  After reading what happened in the books I damn near almost had a nervous break down lol.  So I was really not looking forward to seeing them die in this episode, yet at the same time I knew the scene was obviously going to happen so I was relieved it happened pretty quickly.  It's a very gruesome, disturbing, and overall depressing scene in the books, but at the same time it's necessary in order to move the story forward so I'm glad the show just got the ugly business out of the way as quickly as possible....Did you miss the part where Robb's pregnant wife was stabbed in the uterus 10 times and he touched her stomach just before she dies?
940	yushkevsh	2013-06-03	Homer touched on one thing that has me and others concerned. SoS was arguably the best book in the series, the last 2 the worst. While I was looking forward to this season immensely I can't say the same for next year. 
Sure some interesting new characters sure but chapter of chapter of pointless side stories, Dany sitting on her arse, etc. etc., and certainly no event that even comes close to the RW. The writers better really have some brilliant ideas to make GoT viewers perserve until the following season.
					
					
							Edited by yushkevsh, 03 June 2013 - 01:19 AM.
941	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Did you miss the part where Robb's pregnant wife was stabbed in the uterus 10 times and he touched her stomach just before she dies?Geez relax buddy I'm not saying it wasn't a gruesome scene, I'm just saying they could have made the scene a lot worse and longer compared to the books which had Grey Wind's head being chopped off and sowed on to Robb's headless body.  The scene in the TV series was pretty quick and straight to the point, and I was relieved it was....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 01:28 AM.
942	anaron	2013-06-03	The aftermath of the episode in the internet is at least as entertaining as the episode.
Knowing what would happen from the books, the build up seemed kind of long winded to me. The scene itself was quite graphic but, as far as I remember, toned down a lot compared to book. I remember reading the chapter well. I did not throw the book, but I cursed and stared at the page for quite a while before reading on.
As for people to quit watching the show: We did see how that worked out after the 1. season... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
943	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Homer touched on one thing that has me and others concerned. SoS was arguably the best book in the series, the last 2 the worst. While I was looking forward to this season immensely I can't say the same for next year.Sure some interesting new characters sure but chapter of chapter of pointless side stories, Dany sitting on her arse, etc. etc., and certainly no event that even comes close to the RW. The writers better really have some brilliant ideas to make GoT viewers perserve until the following season.Well actually IMO next season will have some of the most epic scenes in the entire series, which is Joffrey finally being murdered, Oberyn vs The mountain fight in Tyrion's trail by combat, followed by Tyrion killing Tywin, and Stannis going to the wall and making Jon the offer to be Lord of Winterfell....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 01:32 AM.
944	Targaryen Tempest	2013-06-03	I'm not sure if they will but I think what the fans need is to see UnCat and something dramatic about revenge. Dany is enough for me but some people who only love Stark and care little for the other houses need something to keep them coming back.
Maybe the Mhysa isn't only referring to Dany but to Cat as well. Plus it could introduce Arya warging by pulling her out of the water.
I wish I could have read or watched this scene for the first time and not known what was going to happen. Internet trolls suck. Some of the most shocking deaths (RW) was spoiled for me just after watching season 1 . . .
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Tempest, 03 June 2013 - 01:36 AM.
945	BeatsBearsBattlestar	2013-06-03	Well actually IMO next season will have some of the most epic scenes in the entire series, which is Joffrey finally being murdered, Oberyn vs The mountain fight in Tyrion's trail by combat, followed by Tyrion killing Tywin, and Stannis going to the wall and making Jon the offer to be Lord of Winterfell....
946	Ministry312	2013-06-03	Homer touched on one thing that has me and others concerned. SoS was arguably the best book in the series, the last 2 the worst. While I was looking forward to this season immensely I can't say the same for next year.Sure some interesting new characters sure but chapter of chapter of pointless side stories, Dany sitting on her arse, etc. etc., and certainly no event that even comes close to the RW. The writers better really have some brilliant ideas to make GoT viewers perserve until the following season.Season 4 still has a lot of material from SoS. Joffrey`s wedding, Tyrion's trial, Oberyn Martell, Meereen. They'll probably introduce the Greyjoys as well, and Euron should be fun to watch.I think the problem is season 5-6. On AFfC, nothing happens, really. They'll have to cut through that book really fast, because the audience will NOT like to watch Brienne, Sansa and Cersei doing absolutly nothing for 10 episodes. ADwD is a lot better, since the most appealing characters appear here (Jon, Tyrion and Dany), so its easier to form a season around these three. But again, there's really not much action going on in Meereen and The Wall, it's just Jon and Dany sitting around solving problems here and there.My opinion is they will have a really hard time coming up with interesting and action packed episodes on those 2 seasons, which unfortunetly may cause HBO to not have enough interest in making seasons 7 and 8 for the TWoW. Things get even uglier if you consider that GRRM may not be able to finish Book 7 by 2018 - which would probably mean the end of the series.
947	Talbot	2013-06-03	All that matters is finallllyyyyyyy
THE ROOSE IS LOOSE
948	yushkevsh	2013-06-03	Well actually IMO next season will have some of the most epic scenes in the entire series, which is Joffrey finally being murdered, Oberyn vs The mountain fight in Tyrion's trail by combat, followed by Tyrion killing Tywin....No doubt a few scenes I'm looking forward to but I think they'll be overshadowed by the direction (or lack thereof) that so many readers have complained about. For me, Joff's death and Tyrion killing his father were bizarre plot twists that had me scratching me head rather than being completely shocked (like the RW).After they die, where's the real drama, tension and story direction?I can't imagine people will be thrilled at the Kingsmoot, Brienne riding aimlessly through Westeros (even though we all know where Sansa really is), Quentyn, Dany's slave problems and even after teasing viewers so brilliantly with the WWs at the end of season 2, where are they now?Clearly I'm worried the series is going to lose steam after peaking so strongly with the RW - a scene that in more than a few eyes saved a rather tedious season so far.Edit: Just noticed Ministry's reply - he summed it up much better than I did. Agreed that next season *may* be fine but after that ...
					
					
							Edited by yushkevsh, 03 June 2013 - 01:39 AM.
949	Left Wondering Whether	2013-06-03	Did anyone notice that TV Cat tells Roose that TV Ned forbade the bedding at Cat and Ned's wedding, saying it wouldn't be right to break a man's jaw on their  wedding night? Book Cat remembers her own bedding, so this is not true of the books.I'm just going to point out that TV Ned (retroactively) did the same thing TV Tyrion did in 3x08, one episode before (put a stop to the bedding and threaten violence). I know a lot of fans were joking about how Tyrion is the new Ned, but wow. Just...wow....Not to mention Ned would never put a stop to a tradition like the bedding and threaten violence if he didn't get his way. A very, very odd change from the books.The change in Cat's bedding story also felt off to me in that it doesn't seem to be a faithful portrayal of what Ned and Cat's relationship was at that point. Ned was still the "shy wolf" who was just beginning to come to terms with his role as a lord and husband to a woman who was still basically a stranger.I have to say, though, that I don't really mind drawing parallels between Tyrion & Ned. I definitely do not see Tyrion as "the new Ned" but I think they are both similar and different from each other in interesting ways. All that said, I thought that it was a really solid episode. I agree with Kasrith aboout appreciating the stealth Arya scene.
950	BeatsBearsBattlestar	2013-06-03	Well actually IMO next season will have some of the most epic scenes in the entire series, which is Joffrey finally being murdered, Oberyn vs The mountain fight in Tyrion's trail by combat, followed by Tyrion killing Tywin....Yeah. I agree.  Thus far nothing else has happened on the scale of the red wedding, but there are still some great moments ahead.  To go along with the above, there is also the Arya stabbing, the fight on the wall, Littlefinger's reveal and Lysa's fall.
					
					
							Edited by BeatsBearsBattlestar, 03 June 2013 - 01:44 AM.
951	Targaryen Tempest	2013-06-03	I honestly don't think this show will survive long enough to cover all 7 books but I hope to be proven wrong. I was very interested in books 4 and 5, but I don't think an audience can be without condensing and with condensing comes faster plot and with faster plot comes catching up with the books and bringing the show to a standstill.
952	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	ADwD is a lot better, since the most appealing characters appear here (Jon, Tyrion and Dany), so its easier to form a season around these three. But again, there's really not much action going on in Meereen and The Wall, it's just Jon and Dany sitting around solving problems here and there.Don't forget about the emergence of JC and Young Griff that will be huge, in fact they might insert them earlier in the series and give them a little more of a backstory to make up for the lack of entertainment in AFFC, but also in concerns to AFFC Arienne's mini rebellion attempt with Myrcella along with the introduction of Darkstar and Arys Oakheart receiving the better part of Areo Hotah's long axe should be interesting to see.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 01:48 AM.
953	tolthar	2013-06-03	Robb dead cat dead blah blah dead. I hated everyone's death to this point, Ned, Robert you name it.but you know what. Everything is ok though as long as Sam is around. He's the greatest man ho ever lived. And if any disagrees ill fight them. Plus he's a wizard.
954	theotherserge	2013-06-03	Wedding Crashers photoshop, gold!Totes gold!The lead up to the Red Wedding had me shivering, Walder Frey was an excellent, conniving evil plotter. I felt like his swearing to the Seven was a pretty good portrayal of how much he was betraying custom and decency.In a way, I'm relieved every time a character is killed off earlier than in the books. It gets really cumbersome having to explain the 37 different storylines while trying to watch the goddamned show. The Others can bugger people who want a more literal version, we don't have 15 years to watch that play out while I try to summarize the various plots for my viewing friends...it's a lot to expect of an audience, unsullied or not.I do like how Grey Wind's killing was handled. I didn't really want to see a fine beast being riddled with crossbow bolts and then decapitated/sewn onto Robb's body; especially after that preggerz-belly prison-shiving! This episode was pretty amazing, enough that I'm still processing it and actually wanted to write about it.
955	JJB	2013-06-03	And this is how it was ruined a magnificent chapter from the book. Pity.
956	Newstar	2013-06-03	I didn't really want to see a fine beast being riddled with crossbow bolts and then decapitated/sewn onto Robb's bodyYou may yet. It looks like from the 3x10 promo that 3x10 picks up where 3x09 leaves off and shows the massacre continuing outside the castle walls. We haven't seen Wolfhead Robb in this episode, but we may very well next week.On another note, Osha said of Rickon "He'll learn to walk in darkness." I know she was talking about literal darkness, since they were leaving with the cover of night, but DUN DUN DUNNNNN, seriously.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 June 2013 - 01:54 AM.
957	Conchobar	2013-06-03	I think I'm having a stroke /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />That is how muh your post made me laugh, I cried.
958	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	I honestly don't think this show will survive long enough to cover all 7 books but I hope to be proven wrong.I'm pretty sure you are right.I see the quality slipping this season (REALLY annoyed about them skipping the battle at the fist after the cliff-hanger setup.)Don't think there is any way they get all the books covered.
959	julyleo	2013-06-03	So what's with all the umber and last hearth name dropping all season are the going to play a bigger part.Also i'm sad about no Skaggos hoping to see some unicorn and cannibal action also why haven't they started name dropping the manderly's his son was at the wedding?
960	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-03	My opinion is they will have a really hard time coming up with interesting and action packed episodes on those 2 seasons, which unfortunetly may cause HBO to not have enough interest in making seasons 7 and 8 for the TWoW. Things get even uglier if you consider that GRRM may not be able to finish Book 7 by 2018 - which would probably mean the end of the series.GRRM originally wrote AFfC and DwD as one huge novel but the publishers made him split it into two books. So it's safe to assume that the show is going to blend the storylines for both and stretch it over seasons 5 and 6. They couldn't possibly have a Season 5 without Dany, Jon or Tyrion. I also think that the show will greatly (and mercifully) edit down much of Brienne's loooooong travelogue storyline from AFfC. The audience will definitely NOT tolerate some extended storyline of Brienne aimlessly wandering around the Riverlands looking for Sansa when they know Sansa is at The Eyrie with Littlefinger. That storyline was pointless in the book and will be doubly pointless on television.
961	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	I see the quality slipping this season (REALLY annoyed about them skipping the battle at the fist after the cliff-hanger setup.)Really? I think it's definitely a notch up from last season but not on the level as Season 1.
962	julyleo	2013-06-03	On another note, Osha said of Rickon "He'll learn to walk in darkness." I know she was talking about literal darkness, since they were leaving with the cover of night, but DUN DUN DUNNNNN, seriously. I thought the same like this is a book clue.
963	Barbossa	2013-06-03	If this show wont surive its not because it does not stick 100% to the book.Its because of the severe lack of budget.Seriously how in seven hells does the walking dead get 2.8 millions budget/episode and this gets what..500k by the looks of it.
If they will only keep showing the aftermath of battles, they will not survive the 4th season.Keep in mind that people that did not read the books, do not know that Robb or Ned were never main characters.The tv show portrayed them as ones, and people got attached to them.
I really hope they get some money, cause i love the Series.Anyway on to the episode it self, i liked it.I knew they were not going to show the wolf pup with a wolf head on him, cause Peta and all that crap, but the rest of the wedding was done well enough.I only wish they added words when the band started singing, would have been a bit more epic.
Also i kinda laughed when Cait bitch slapped Bolton and he pulled a exist stage right.Seriously he puffed like in a second /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
Jon was a total boss.
964	Timett sonof Timett is God	2013-06-03	I'm pretty sure you are right.I see the quality slipping this season (REALLY annoyed about them skipping the battle at the fist after the cliff-hanger setup.)Don't think there is any way they get all the books covered.aren't the rating amazing? why wouldn't it go the whole run? sure you're annoyed because you read the books and are dissapointed by the changes, but the show is a massive hit. the biggest show on HBO isn't it?
965	Kraken's Kiss	2013-06-03	Question...
In the books, didn't Ygriette shot an arrow into Jon's thigh at Queenscrown? I believe they cut that part of the show...any guesses why?
966	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	Geez relax buddy I'm not saying it wasn't a gruesome scene, I'm just saying they could have made the scene a lot worse and longer compared to the books which had Grey Wind's head being chopped off and sowed on to Robb's headless body.  The scene in the TV series was pretty quick and straight to the point, and I was relieved it was....The massacre took up almost 10 minutes of screentime and most of the episode was building up to it. People who have never read the books are losing their minds all over the internet. It was plenty long and powerful.You already knew what was going to happen, that numbs the shock considerably.I just re-watched the ep and it's pretty gut-wrenching on the second viewing.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion_the_Oneironaut, 03 June 2013 - 02:27 AM.
967	Conchobar	2013-06-03	Question...In the books, didn't Ygriette shot an arrow into Jon's thigh at Queenscrown? I believe they cut that part of the show...any guesses why?He still looked injured. I was expecting the arrow as well, but they must have had their reason for cutting it out.
968	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	Question...In the books, didn't Ygriette shot an arrow into Jon's thigh at Queenscrown? I believe they cut that part of the show...any guesses why?guessing they want Jon to have full mobility for all the asskickings he's going to give next episode.
969	Conchobar	2013-06-03	Geez relax buddy I'm not saying it wasn't a gruesome scene, I'm just saying they could have made the scene a lot worse and longer compared to the books which had Grey Wind's head being chopped off and sowed on to Robb's headless body.  The scene in the TV series was pretty quick and straight to the point, and I was relieved it was....The wolf head will be next episode.
970	Vhailorian	2013-06-03	Wedding Crashers photoshop, gold! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> So good....
971	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-06-03	These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. Let me begin by saying this is my least favorite episode of the entire series and I am utterly disappointed. Benioff and Weiss were the whole reason I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire to begin with. Game of Thrones inspired me to pick up a novel and finish it for the very first time in my nineteen years of life. That novel in turn inspired me to read four more after that. I trusted them completely with this. The Red Wedding was their ultimate goal in the series and they've said it from the start. I am still in disbelief that they would butcher it so badly but I digress. Onto business.1. Robb's arrival at the Twins was an event in and of itself. His arrival and his death should have been spread out between two episodes as it was in the books with two successive Catelyn chapters. The entire event happened way too fast. For those who have not read the books, Greywind (Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s direwolf who has been largely missing from the show until randomly appearing in a KENNEL this episode) attacks some Freys in the rain as they greet the Starks to their castle. Robb, going through great pains to appease Walder Frey, decides to CHAIN his trusty direwolf outside (not in a damned dog kennel). Throughout their time at the Twins, Greywind howls in despair, sensing what is to come.2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy. She should not have been killed off. I<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill the Blackfish as well. How do they explain what he was even doing while his niece and great nephew (KING) were being slaughtered? I suppose he has magically escaped the castle and all the carnage outside to return to Riverrun, where he will most certainly be needed in the future for Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.4. Another thing that makes Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death less bleak is his childish disgruntlement towards Walder Frey throughout the episode. At this point in the books, Robb is genuinely sorry for what he did to his house and wants to make amends. He sustains every slight Walder throws at him without a flinch and handles himself extremely well at the Twins in the face of every petulant Frey. It<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to feel sorry for him here with those petty school boy heroics.5. Most of the deaths in this episode were incredibly underwhelming compared to the deaths in A Storm of Swords. This was for many reasons, unfortunately. First of all, overly dramatic music was being played over everything when we should have been treated to nothing but the Rains of Castamere slowly digressing into the boom doom boom of the musicians<U+0080><U+0099> drums. Secondly, Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s actor did an absolutely horrible job at displaying any sort of confusion, shock, fear, or despair. I heard he cried after he discovered how his character was to be killed but you never would have guessed he actually cared from his performance.Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s actor was MORE than capable of carrying out some of the horrific things G.R.R. Martin described in his books but for whatever reason, Benioff and Weiss decided to stray for something far drabber. Going catatonic may sound like a proper reaction to the soul crushing sight of what you think is your only surviving child being killed in front of you but when Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s scream fades out and she just stands there motionless, it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deliver the jarring reaction her death deserves. It looks more as if she just accepts it and stops struggling. In the books, she scratches her face to ribbons as she screams bloody murder and the Freys waste no time in apprehending her by the hair. As her braid is yanked back, she thinks <U+0080><U+009C>No, not my hair! Ned loves my hair!<U+0080><U+009D> This would have been absolutely perfect had those been her last words. She literally goes mad with grief but viewers simply can<U+0080><U+0099>t grasp the extent of that grief without lines such as this.Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s (Talisa<U+0080><U+0099>s) death, besides being totally uncanon, took away from the relationship between mother and son. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be about Jeyne or Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s child. It was supposed to be about Catelyn and HER child. This is the relationship we had come to understand in-depth from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s perspective since the first book. Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family were also supposed to be suspected conspirators in the Red Wedding. Their daughter was not planned to be killed along with the Starks despite Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s alleged devotion to Robb. As I mentioned before, a huge plot element hinges on her and her baby. By the fifth book, Blackfish holds Riverrun against the Lannisters with Jeyne tight under guard. He defends her with his life. Why would he do this if not to protect an heir? Now what are they going to come up with when G.R.R. Martin reveals Jeyne is pregnant with the King in the North<U+0080><U+0099>s son?Forget the main characters for a second; part of the horror of the Red Wedding was that so many people you were starting to like were all being slaughtered like farm animals. It is too much to expect to see minor characters such as Dacey Mormont and Smalljon Umber but surely their roles could have been replaced with existing characters in the show. Characters who, in the books, did not matter much. Lopping off the Greatjon<U+0080><U+0099>s head in place of his son<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been an excellent deviation as the Greatjon is supposed to be held captive then hardly ever mentioned again. Instead, we watch a bunch of bearded men who we<U+0080><U+0099>ve never even seen before being killed in humdrum fashions. No crossbow bolts through the mouth, no beheadings; none of that.I doubt it would have had an impact anyway since the gore in this episode was completely unrealistic and tainted by Hollywood action movies. People do not instantly lose consciousness when their throat is cut then fall to the floor dead. When your esophagus is severed, you lose the ability to breathe through your mouth/nose and begin breathing out of a hole in your neck. This is largely impossible though since the wound bleeds profusely, clogging your esophagus with fluids. You essentially drown on your own blood in a panic, making all sorts of horrible snorting noises for up to three minutes. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not even sure G.R.R. Martin was aware of this before writing the Red Wedding but slitting throats was never described as one fell graze upon the neck. Catelyn SAWED through this person<U+0080><U+0099>s throat until they died. Stabbing a person in their heart is another matter but looks like Bolton missed the mark! Roose had a tiny dagger in place of a longsword and apparently decided to stab Robb in the lower part of his lung (causing instant death<U+0080> ?).While all this is happening inside the castle, the Stark host outside is supposed to be burning to death by the masses as a result of giant feast tents rigged to catch fire and collapse on top of them. Rather than depict the elaborate trap G.R.R. Martin conceived, it is simply implied all the Stark men outside are put to the sword. Good thing the viewers have no idea how many Stark men there are in comparison to Bolton men or else they would surely question the effectiveness of an open, armed conflict.  6. Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s performance here was a huge disappointment. I was setting my expectations high assuming this actor would be the one to do everything right. I was thoroughly enjoying his portrayal of the Leech Lord up until this point. He seemed so smug whereas in the books, he barely made an attempt to talk to anyone. He played his part perfectly while most of the Freys were a nervous wreck. But he was never cheeky about it. Here, he looks like he<U+0080><U+0099>s taking great pleasure in taunting the Starks as if he hates them. Roose is a man who plays for the winning team and takes no particular joy in betrayal. He just accepts that it<U+0080><U+0099>s practical and carries out his atrocities without guilt. In addition to screwing up his behavior, the actor got his body movements all wrong as well. Roose is supposed to glide in and out of the hall as confident and smooth as can be. Here, he darts around, ducking his head and lunging out of harm<U+0080><U+0099>s way. It<U+0080><U+0099>s just so unlike the Lord of the Dreadfort. But most importantly, he says to Robb just before he stabs him <U+0080><U+009C>the LANNISTERS send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but WHY did you change that from <U+0080><U+009C>the Kingslayer sends his regards?<U+0080><U+009D> WHY do you think G.R.R. Martin set it up that way?! Cat is supposed to believe Jaime had a hand in her son<U+0080><U+0099>s demise from that statement. Cat FREED Jaime so she instantly thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s killed her own son with her foolish actions. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to believe that Jaime betrayed her later on in the series but of course viewers will never catch on to this.7. Lastly, Sandor & Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s story was poorly done here. Arya was supposed to be desperate trying to get into the Twins despite all the bloodshed so that she could see her mother and brother once again. The Hound somehow managed to knock her out and carry her off unseen without a fret but in the books, it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fight for survival. Frey men attack them and Sandor has to kill a few with an axe before Arya makes a run for it. Just as she<U+0080><U+0099>s about to reach the castle, the Hound hits her atop the head. It would have been a much more emotional scene to see Arya kicking and screaming as Sandor tries to subdue her like it was in A Storm of Swords.I was so hyped up for this moment ever since I read it in the books. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t tell you how immensely let down I am. This was meant to be the most significant event in the entire series and I do not feel they did it justice by any means. Viewers of the show will never know how much better it could have been; how much better it should have been. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not done with the series but I can definitely say now that I prefer G.R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s works over Benioff and Weiss<U+0080><U+0099>s any day. If they would just stick to the damned books instead of making their own changes all the time, I<U+0080><U+0099>d be happy. Cut what you need to but don<U+0080><U+0099>t add things that were never written down by the author. That<U+0080><U+0099>s rule No.1 of any adaption. I can only see this getting worse as the story progresses. Unless the producers get back on track and start doing things the way they should have done all along, I have no more hope left for Game of Thrones.
972	Mel_Rose	2013-06-03	Due to different timezone, I woke up really early so I can watch it before going to Pilates class.Let's just say I didn't go to pilates.I was shaking after it ended and still feel saddened. Overall, I found many nice moments: Rickon and Bran's farewell, Ygritte's face upon realising that, although she knew Jon wasn't loyal to the wildlings, he also wasn't loyal to her. Grey Wind dying like that, Daario being so arrogant you gotta smile, some comic relief from the Freys checking Blackfish out, Arya hitting the man to keep him quiet, Edmure's face when Roslyn unveiled, there was some sword fighting and stuff. And lots of stabbing and blood....From the book, I missed Roslin's tears and the awful music. Got goosebumps when the doors closed and Rains started playing. Didn't get Roose's smile.The RW was great and of course it din't match what I had in mind when reading. Nothing could - even if I had directed it. Some said the scene was lacklustre, but, after it being so hyped, I wonder if it could ever match people's expectations. And besides, reading it first as all of us have done, means that a. we are spoiled for it and b. we have imagined it in the best way possible, with access to internal monologue and feelings. Not to mention that everyone's imagination probably focused on different things that mattered for them. I, for one, never cared for the line 'Ned loves my hair' but couldn't forget Walder Frey's infuriating comments about the apology, such as "oops, we killed your bannermen, you have my apology". So, if I directed it and included one line and not the other, people would be like " but how could you leave out such and such?" You can't please everyone.As far as i could gather from twitter, the Unsullied have lost it /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Final thought : the Unsullied who commented on Sansa and Tyrion's wedding as The Worst Wedding Ever. Care to revise that statement?
973	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-03	He still looked injured. I was expecting the arrow as well, but they must have had their reason for cutting it out.Maybe the eagle attack will take place of the arrow.
974	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	The massacre took up almost 10 minutes of screentime and most of the episode was building up to it. People who have never read the books are losing their minds all over the internet. It was plenty long and powerful.You already knew what was going to happen, that numbs the shock considerably.I just re-watched the ep and it's pretty gut-wrenching on the second viewing.It wasn't that long compared to the books, and IMO it wasn't nearly as powerful as in the books, and again I'm glad it wasn't.  When Ned Stark got his head chopped off in the first season, it had a certain impact in terms of how powerful of a scene it was in the book that was equally shown on the show, but the RW on the show didn't have the same effect on me as it did in the book. There wasn't really a chance to take in what was happening to the individual characters because everything was happening pretty quickly in the show's version, there wasn't nearly as much of pause in between gruesome acts as there was in the book.  Again I liked it this way and you disagree so we're going to have to agree to disagree on the matter.  But again I'm not complaining about it whatsoever because I liked that the show just got straight to the point.I'm not really concerned with what the non reading viewers thought about it, because seeing as though they haven't read the books they obviously have nothing to compare the show to, therefore they just take it like they see it on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 03:03 AM.
975	Breaking Bronn	2013-06-03	wall of textSeven Hells >_>Review thread is that way.
976	TheDarkOne	2013-06-03	The Red Wedding fell totally flat from an emotional sense because there was no reason to care for the characters. We never really got to know Robb, his men, Grey Wind etc. The event itself is of course appaleing, but no where near as well done as in the books. In many ways the episode has taken away from the RW.
"Mother," how dare them.
977	adeadhand	2013-06-03	Without reading through 20+ pages, has anyone asked why Manderly was present but not introduced?
978	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-06-03	Seven Hells >_>Review thread is that way.Prepare to see this on every Red Wedding thread on the forums...
979	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	The Red Wedding fell totally flat from an emotional sense because there was no reason to care for the characters. We never really got to know Robb, his men, Grey Wind etc. The event itself is of course appaleing, but no where near as well done as in the books. In many ways the episode has taken away from the RW.Yawn.
980	Conchobar	2013-06-03	The Red Wedding fell totally flat from an emotional sense because there was no reason to care for the characters. We never really got to know Robb, his men, Grey Wind etc. The event itself is of course appaleing, but no where near as well done as in the books. In many ways the episode has taken away from the RW."Mother," how dare them.lol.
981	Javi Marcos	2013-06-03	I think you have to be a real and almost sick fanatic to not reckoning the awesomeness in this episode.People have 3 problems:1) They are too fans of the book. Obsession is a bad thing2) They absolutely don't understand that TV is a media FAR DIFFERENT than the books. They imagine every singles scene in their heads they have read and are disappointed when it it's exactly the same, wich leads to...3) Zero tolerance. I have also read all the books more than once, and even if I nitpick and have a grumpy face with some changes, I accept it and don't complain like a little girl.For me the RW was as perfect as it could be on TV. I even liked more Cat's catarsis than the face-shredding that for me was absolutely unrealistic.
982	Conchobar	2013-06-03	I am glad this scene got on to tv, and this show.  And yes there will always be people who complain but there is no point insulting them( I know because I have insulted them in the past). They are just very attached to the books, or are having a bad day.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 03 June 2013 - 03:28 AM.
983	poggo	2013-06-03	If this show wont surive its not because it does not stick 100% to the book.Its because of the severe lack of budget.Seriously how in seven hells does the walking dead get 2.8 millions budget/episode and this gets what..500k by the looks of it.If they will only keep showing the aftermath of battles, they will not survive the 4th season.....Thats indeed very true.They should have invested MUCH more in that show, after the sucess of the first 2 seasons.That they STILL were to cheap to make stuff like the battle at the fist, is very sad."Look we won" isnt a good way to "show" a battle.In this episode it was the "they surrendered"-thing from the Dany-arc. It started GREAT and then... CUT - next scene - "We won"Why was the episode only 53 minutes? About 4 More minutes, and they could have made it much less confusing and frustrating.But well... its most often like that: The cashcow gets milked like crazy, but only fed enough, so it doesnt die.
984	Alboin	2013-06-03	The problem with adaptation of all great books, which initially weren't made for TV/Film/Theatre, is that no one can beat them, because they are great. Of course RW is better in the book. Does this fact mean I wouldn't want to watch how someone made it on film (even if I knew how they did it)? NO.NEVER. Even if it would be random youtube user NedIsAlive75 who staged the scene in his garage - I would watch it. Did I like how HBO staged it? I did. Was it better in the book though? Yes, it was. No dilemma here, in my opinion.
985	zaphodbrx	2013-06-03	Without reading through 20+ pages, has anyone asked why Manderly was present but not introduced?Manderly ( or any other Northern Bannermen ) don't exist in the show except for one episode in season 1. This has been a subject of discussion many times. You must be mistaken about him being present, there were just some random extras.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 03 June 2013 - 04:00 AM.
986	Jinjonator	2013-06-03	As someone who's read the books, I'm always perplexed by other book readers who were insisting before the episode aired and are insisting now that no one will care about Robb and Cat dying, and that they would have no reason to care, when in reality, every single Unsullied reaction I've seen throughout the entire internet has been of shock and dispair. The only people saying non-book-readers won't care are book readers. It's almost as if they're completely biased or something.
Personally, despite reading the book and knowing what was coming, I was still devestated. Probably moreso than when I read it.
987	Newstar	2013-06-03	2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy.Not anymore, wouldn't you say? If Talisa (who occupies Jeyne's role as Robb's wife in the show) has been killed off, that seems to be saying that Jeyne is entirely irrelevant. Also, we have no idea whether Jeyne is pregnant or not in the books; there's a good argument that she isn't. The show seems to be saying that it doesn't matter for the plot either way; either she was never pregnant, she's pregnant before the kid is born, or she miscarries or the child is stillborn. Either way, this is confirmation that Book Jeyne's fate and the contents of her womb do not matter. Robb Stark's baby in the books will not exist.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 June 2013 - 04:12 AM.
988	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-03	Prepare to see this on every Red Wedding thread on the forums...Prepare to have absolutely no one read it.
989	Tori Targaryen	2013-06-03	I thought it was brilliantly done. From the moment Cat saw the doors being shut to the end, I had tears running down my face. That never even happened when Ned was beheaded. I thought it was brilliantly adapted. Well done D&D.
990	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	People are actually complaining? 
Seriously CLEAN the fucking SAND out of your collective VAGINAS
991	Homer Lannister	2013-06-03	What I find really funny, is that Talisa's death didn't hit me as hard as D & D would have probably wanted. I said this before but I just wanted to reiterate, having someone butcher a pregnant woman or (cut and paste any other equally gruesome activity) is NOT enough to make me sympathize with them. The character is meant to be written properly so that when they finally bite it, we actually feel something. For This season Talisa has been one of the more irritating aspects for me and has just wrinkled pretty much every scene she's in. 
What I find funnier is that the book RW didn't have any scene quite as gruesome as a pregnant woman being stabbed half a hundred times, yet it still hit you like a whirlwind, just the brutal efficiency of the whole thing. But in the show you have the writers basically saying,"oh please feel sorry for these characters, look how gruesomely we kill them off!!!" But personally I feel like they need to learn how to write a better character first, and then come and tell me to feel sorry for them.
992	Greywolf2375	2013-06-03	I am so grateful they did it justice.But I am so, so sad. It was almost worse watching it than reading it. Michelle Fairley broke my heart.not sure which is worse - her standing there catatonic or her scratching her face to shreds in miseryI thought in the book that Catelyn disfigures her own face in her grief?????  I'm asking because it would seem that when she returns as Stoneheart, her face is badly disfigured and almost unrecognizeable....or so I thought?she did - in her grief she clawed her face, but they can have her face disfigured easily after her throat was cut either by a person, by animals if she is tossed in the river, etc.
993	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	I never cared for Talisa before, she was one of my least favourite changes that the show made from the books but in the last moments I did feel for her. It was horrifying to watch her get stabbed in the belly repeatedly. I hated the spy theory, and I'm glad that this did not turn out to be true. Of course I  would have preferred if they would have handled the whole Cat/ Robb storyline differently from the beginning, but it is way too late for that anyway. I think this was the best possible ending for the Talisa character.
994	Mel_Rose	2013-06-03	Rewatching it I realised that we'll see no Coldhands probably. He was supposed to lead Sam&Gilly to the tunnel but Sam says he knows it already from a book. Maybe next season, if at all?
995	TheGreenBell	2013-06-03	I don't know guys, y'all are probably gonna crucify me for this but I wasn't really that affected when Robb died. It was a painful scene, I know, but i feel like I wasn't that sold into his character. Maybe if he had a POV, it would've been different. As for Catelyn, I was SO heartbroken. Just had to get this out lol. 
Anyway, the RW was perfect. Cheers to Benioff and Weiss.
					
					
							Edited by TheGreenBell, 03 June 2013 - 05:28 AM.
996	Honey Badger	2013-06-03	It was excellent.  Gut wrenching and shocking just like the book.  Talisa getting stabbed in her uterus was a new wrinkle and tough to watch.  When I saw her at the wedding, I knew it would end bad for her.  Even though I knew it was coming, it still got to me.  Watched the scene a few times and it still moves me, bringing me right back to the disbelief of my original reading.  Great job, D&D.
Not surprised that some of you still managed to dislike the show.  I think you're forever cursed as a book reader to not like any adaptation.  This isn't a good thing of course, so I'm glad I'm not in your shoes, disappointed with everything.  Twitter is imploding from the reaction of this episode, so it's obvious the show has delivered with impact.  They sent a shock right up there with Ned's death, which you can at least respect.
997	generic	2013-06-03	Wasn't there some mention that the Westerly girl was given a tea to help with her "fertility"? And Tywin didn't hold their considerable collaboration with the Starks against them. Seems pretty clear to me that she isn't pregnant in the books.
998	Stark Revenge	2013-06-03	What I find really funny, is that Talisa's death didn't hit me as hard as D &amp; D would have probably wanted. I said this before but I just wanted to reiterate, having someone butcher a pregnant woman or (cut and paste any other equally gruesome activity) is NOT enough to make me sympathize with them. The character is meant to be written properly so that when they finally bite it, we actually feel something. For This season Talisa has been one of the more irritating aspects for me and has just wrinkled pretty much every scene she's in. What I find funnier is that the book RW didn't have any scene quite as gruesome as a pregnant woman being stabbed half a hundred times, yet it still hit you like a whirlwind, just the brutal efficiency of the whole thing. But in the show you have the writers basically saying,"oh please feel sorry for these characters, look how gruesomely we kill them off!!!" But personally I feel like they need to learn how to write a better character first, and then come and tell me to feel sorry for them.This, and a few of Robb's banner men like the Greatjon who we would've cared about.
999	victim	2013-06-03	This sums up my feelings perfectly:I was really impressed with how director David Nutter realized it on the screen. This was unpretty violence, an inglorious mob hit, carried out without poetry or the chance for glorious ends. The closest Robb and Talisa get to a heartrending goodbye is his watching the light go out of her eyes... All this is unromantic and ignoble, like the shooting of a trapped wolf in a stall.http://entertainment.../#ixzz2V97qZUyFIn a weird way, The Red Wedding was almost the antithesis of Dracarys. There, were Dany seemed so powerful, here Robb and Cat were reduced to nothing. It was painful to watch. Grey Wind didn't have a fantastical last stand (perhaps one of the most horrible things I've ever seen), and Lame Lothar, Roose and Black Walder creep up on Talisa, Robb and Cat respectively to end their lives quickly, with little sense of justice. Further, each of the dying characters had to watch the person they love die before it was their own turn; Talisa had to endure her own unborn child being stabbed in her womb, Robb saw his wife die, and finally when Cat saw her first-born son die. Nothing will ever rival this.
1000	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-03	3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.No, it only matters to the people who assume that a Robb Stark who has never warged before and about whom nobody says that his eyes roll at the moment of his death somehow did a warg level 100 trick and entered Grey Wind. The only evidence is that a continuity error would suggest he had extraordinary physical power and some dialogue that would suggest warg dreams, completely different from entering your wolf at the moment of your death. I also don't know how it is possible to criticize the evident anti-conventional and anti-climatic quality of GW dying like he did and Arya seeing it (and assuming what happens from it), as opposed to him being liberated by a Westerling and going down fighting. What I find funnier is that the book RW didn't have any scene quite as gruesome as a pregnant woman being stabbed half a hundred times, yet it still hit you like a whirlwind, just the brutal efficiency of the whole thing. But in the show you have the writers basically saying,"oh please feel sorry for these characters, look how gruesomely we kill them off!!!" But personally I feel like they need to learn how to write a better character first, and then come and tell me to feel sorry for them.Absolutely, the books are famous for conveying emotions without any violence or gore. It's not like the wedding consisted of several lords you have grown attached to dying with tables thrown around or something. I'm sure that, if Talisa wasn't killed, the consensus would be that Robb's death was too lonely and that he was the only person to die with Catelyn coming back. Because that is what happens, Robb dies and loses his crown, unCat replaces Cat, Blackfish gets away thanks to his piss break in the show, Greatjon is merely imprisonned, Westerling boy runs away, Edmure is not killed. Who really dies that we care about in this ''massacre''? Talisa and Little Ned dying was a good touch, although a stab in the heart good have done it too.
					
					
							Edited by CakeOfTheMorning, 03 June 2013 - 05:42 AM.
1001	archer501	2013-06-03	What I find really funny, is that Talisa's death didn't hit me as hard as D & D would have probably wanted.... For This season Talisa has been one of the more irritating aspects for me and has just wrinkled pretty much every scene she's in.Agreed. Being a non-book reader, I was pretty neutral when I learned that the character of Talisa was made-up and not part of the original storyline. But eh, whatever. I wanted Robb to be happy and to be able to marry for "true love" (after all, with all the horrible stuff happening to him & his family, the guy deserved a tiny bit of happiness)...But maybe Talisa was just miscast or misdirected or poorly written, but I found her to be incredibly annoying and even occasionally off-putting. Maybe it was her mannerisms or maybe just her face....but I wasn't the slightest bit moved by her death. In fact, the whole RW wasn't nearly as epic as I was expecting it to be...maybe because it had been hyped up sooooooo much and everyone I knew who had read the books kept telling me that it was going to be crazy.
1002	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	It's only just occurred to me how half the people on here's response to Talisa is probably more or less consistent with Walder Frey's response to Jeyne.
1003	Mel_Rose	2013-06-03	This sums up my feelings perfectly:http://entertainment.../#ixzz2V97qZUyFIn a weird way, The Red Wedding was almost the antithesis of Dracarys. There, were Dany seemed so powerful, here Robb and Cat were reduced to nothing. It was painful to watch. Grey Wind didn't have a fantastical last stand (perhaps one of the most horrible things I've ever seen), and Lame Lothar, Roose and Black Walder creep up on Talisa, Robb and Cat respectively to end their lives quickly, with little sense of justice. Further, each of the dying characters had to watch the person they love die before it was their own turn; Talisa had to endure her own unborn child being stabbed in her womb, Robb saw his wife die, and finally when Cat saw her first-born son die. Nothing will ever rival this. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Exactly. And that was the reason that I was against people lying outright to friends about whether Robb would die (as to "not spoil them"). The big thing here is not that he dies, but how. Not in a battle or combat, but stabbed by an ally while complacent and unarmed along with wife and mother.
1004	Khal Porno	2013-06-03	People are actually complaining?Seriously CLEAN the fucking SAND out of your collective VAGINASLOL!
1005	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-06-03	I actually paused the episode right before the bedding so I could go outside, smoke a cigarette and steel myself before all the killing began.
So, yeah, great job I guess.
1006	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-03	It's only just occurred to me how half the people on here's response to Talisa is probably more or less consistent with Walder Frey's response to Jeyne.As in Jeyne replaced Frey's little daughter (whom he doesn't care about until Robb replaces her) and Talisa replaced Jeyne (whom readers don't care about until tv-show replaces her)?
1007	Khal Porno	2013-06-03	I think Grey Wind's death in the show is more consistent with the overall theme of the Red Wedding, that it's a massacre and not a battle, with the Starks killed like fish in a barrel.  Having Grey Wind go out in a blaze of glory (which didn't actually happen in the Red Wedding in the books, we only heard about it later from another character,  if I remember correctly) would have run counter to that.  I think it was entirely appropriate, the way it was depicted on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Porno, 03 June 2013 - 05:54 AM.
1008	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	As in Jeyne replaced Frey's little daughter (whom he doesn't care about until Robb replaces her) and Talisa replaced Jeyne (whom readers don't care about until tv-show replaces her)?No, as in the Freys were upset that Jeyne existed for Robb instead of a Frey girl, and took to murderous ambitious because of it, and readers were upset that Talisa existed for Robb instead of Jeyne and maligned and derided her until the moment she died which quite a few on here seemed to enjoy.
1009	Ginevra	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTears  What percentage of those who are done, fucking done, 1000% done, 20-times-in-the-face-with-a-fork done, take-me-out-of-the-oven done with GoT will be tuning in for next week's episode?  I'm thinking fifty percent, at least.
1010	teemo	2013-06-03	That spoiler dude was right after all /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1011	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	What percentage of those who are done, fucking done, 1000% done, 20-times-in-the-face-with-a-fork done, take-me-out-of-the-oven done with GoT will be tuning in for next week's episode?  I'm thinking fifty percent, at least.Reckon they'll calm down after a week.
1012	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-06-03	That spoiler dude was right after all /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />HOLY FRIGGIN FUCK I ENJOYED THAT VIDEO OF YOUR FRIEND FREAKING OUT IN YOUR SIGNATURE THINGY!!!CAPS LOCK!!!!
1013	TalalOfDorne	2013-06-03	Emmy for Michelle Fairley.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1014	Mendoza	2013-06-03	I was actually dreading this episode. I thought the show had abandoned the Stark POV and would play the Red Wedding as a Lannister triumph. The prior episodes had gone too far pushing them as 'protagonists' if not outright heroes. This episode shows the Red Wedding as the abomination it was, so I am happy. And all the Starks out on the road were given their voices. Bran and Jon are get characters if you let them have their voices.
1015	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-03	Great episode beginning to end. Very Stark-centric episode. Got to see Jon "man up", kill Orell and a few others. Direwolves were back with a vengence. Bran warging Hodor and the wolves. Arya standing up to the Hound and him seeming truly offended(?) when she said some day she will stick a sword through his eye. Rickon can speak!!!!! Who knew?
Dany and Daario flirtation and Jorah starting to get jealous. Funny seeing Jorah throw an insult to Barriston about staying and protecting the queen and then when he and Grey Worm come back all she asks is about Daario!
RW.  Absolutely nailed it. I can't say I expected much more than what they did. Showing Talisa's baby bump and how happy Robb was with her, and they were going to name him after NED!!!!!!!!!! Then the first killing is her getting stabbed in the belly, damn good.
Robb died well, I will he had taken out at least one Frey, but oh well.
Cat, very well acted, you could see the terror and horror in her eyes. Would have liked to see her looking at Robb dead and clawing at her eyes before dying but was still great.
Arya witnessing Grey wolf dying also sucked! For me that was the worst scene. For some reason I don't mind seeing the actors dying but the wolf dying really sucked.
1016	blkrb0t	2013-06-03	People are actually complaining?Seriously CLEAN the fucking SAND out of your collective VAGINASTrolling?
1017	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsFucking hell. That's incredible. In both a good and bad sense. I doubt many of the people will follow through on their threats to cancel HBO or never watch again but, still.I think it proves my point from yesterday, though, that they need a really significant "fuck yeah!" moment to end the season or run the risk of losing viewers out of just constant negativity.
1018	TammySnow	2013-06-03	Worst bird effect ever. But nice to see the wolves contributing to the show.  I am confused though - was that Shaggy and Summer or was Ghost there? Where is Ghost at this point in the book anyway?he had to leave ghost on the other side of the wall, it was just summer in the book who rescued him and got a bolt in the leg for it.
1019	White Raven	2013-06-03	I started to cry as they slit Catelyn's throat, Michelle Fairley did a fantastic job.
And Talisa's death was shocking as well, I didn't expect this at all because I I kind of believed in the Jeyne is pregnant with Robb's heir theory.
The death of Grey Wind was heartbreaking too, he couldn't even fight back and Arya had to watch it.
1020	gmavridis	2013-06-03	Silent credits.Really nice touch.Actually, I was totally expecting silent credits too.  Just a perfect choice.I Agree. Perfect choice....
1021	-Ghost-	2013-06-03	I really thought Arya was gonna free Grey Wind, then nope.
1022	Miodrag	2013-06-03	From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.
Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?
1023	Ginevra	2013-06-03	I honestly don't think this show will survive long enough to cover all 7 books but I hope to be proven wrong. I was very interested in books 4 and 5, but I don't think an audience can be without condensing and with condensing comes faster plot and with faster plot comes catching up with the books and bringing the show to a standstill.I am sure that they will condense Books 4 and 5.  I imagine that the rest of 3 will be shown next season with some of 4, and then the rest of 4 and all of 5 will be Season 5.  HBO has already been cutting many of the parts that aren't action-packed, so I fully expect a lot of slashing in 4 and 5.
1024	Rhodan	2013-06-03	I "liked" the RW scenes incredibly, but I can feel what some people can miss, its still obvious that TV scope simply cant do story a complete justice. What kinda irritated me was Talisa and her non-westerosi perspective on the bedding ceremony. it sounds how writers are still trying to connect with audience filled with modern sentiments.
Catelyns new hostage was pretty hardcore. I loved Walders "I can always find a new one."  
However, Catelyns scream sounded a little fake, to be honest.
Really interested how will look adaptation from now on.
1025	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?There seems to be a very vocal outcry on Twitter, with many people saying they're done, that they're cancelling their HBO, that GRR can go <U+0080>. you get the idea. That and reaction videos similar to when Ned became Poor Dead Ned are showing up on YouTube.
1026	gmavridis	2013-06-03	Ok. I think that not underlying the significance of the salt and bread scene will not give to the non readers how despicable Frey's betrayal was for the Westeros universe.
1027	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	What percentage of those who are done, fucking done, 1000% done, 20-times-in-the-face-with-a-fork done, take-me-out-of-the-oven done with GoT will be tuning in for next week's episode?  I'm thinking fifty percent, at least.Aye, and the other 50% need a book-reader to hit them across the face and tell them to (wo)man up and finish what they started.
1028	gmavridis	2013-06-03	Also something that Catelyn is mentioning repeatedly in the book chapter is how bad the musicians are playing and how many they are indicating that they are not professional musicians but archers in disguise.
1029	lostinasia	2013-06-03	Aye, and the other 50% need a book-reader to hit them across the face and tell them to (wo)man up and finish what they started.You're not fantasizing about saying that to GRRM, are you?
1030	Ginevra	2013-06-03	Final thought : the Unsullied who commented on Sansa and Tyrion's wedding as The Worst Wedding Ever. Care to revise that statement?I know, right?  There was a brilliantly written article from an Unsullied that called the Tyrion/Sansa wedding the "world's most depressing wedding."  That provoked me to comment and spoil, and I knew I should not have.  (Bad, bad Ginevra!)  The article also taunted me by theorizing about what was already written - seriously guys, pick up a book.  That's when I searched out for this haven of the Sullied, to find my kindred spirits.
1031	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	You're not fantasizing about saying that to GRRM, are you?Of course not. That's a whole different scenario /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />.
1032	Son of Dragons	2013-06-03	I cared about Talissa dying. I thought it was touching she wanted to call the child Eddard if it was a boy. Just made it worse that she had to die. I don't mind the changes. I think it's understandable that Cat didn't scratch her face like hell, so that when she becomes LS she doesn't have to go through all that make-up over and over again. Same idea as with Tyrion. They didn't badly wound him because you would have to alter his face with CGI every time he appears on screen.
1033	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-03	Sure I'm not the first to say this, but Grey Worm was a total boss last night.
I am looking forward even more to The Red Viper due to the choreography of Grey Worm with a spear.
1034	The Storm King	2013-06-03	i guess that destroys the jeyne escaped with blackfish theory
1035	Greywolf2375	2013-06-03	I think you have to be a real and almost sick fanatic to not reckoning the awesomeness in this episode.People have 3 problems:1) They are too fans of the book. Obsession is a bad thing2) They absolutely don't understand that TV is a media FAR DIFFERENT than the books. They imagine every singles scene in their heads they have read and are disappointed when it it's exactly the same, wich leads to...3) Zero tolerance. I have also read all the books more than once, and even if I nitpick and have a grumpy face with some changes, I accept it and don't complain like a little girl.For me the RW was as perfect as it could be on TV. I even liked more Cat's catarsis than the face-shredding that for me was absolutely unrealistic.People are actually complaining?Seriously CLEAN the fucking SAND out of your collective VAGINASWow, ignorance and sexism rolled into one neat package multiple times - how convenient!
1036	Cybvep	2013-06-03	I didn't like the fighting scenes in this episode, i.e. the ones in Yunkai and in Queenscrown. Especially the Yunkish one looked like sth out of a crappy video game. Too many enemies, too many fake-ish moves.
Besides that, everything was almost perfect. Great episode.
					
					
							Edited by Cybvep, 03 June 2013 - 07:31 AM.
1037	The hairy bear	2013-06-03	My nitpicks:I think that having poor musicians was a thing that they should have kept. It doesn't cost anything, and would have made the whole scene more rounded.They should have insisted more in how the Stark bannermen were getting drunk.Roose runing away from Catelyn was dumb.Failure at transmiting the sense of chaos during the killings. I missed knocking down tables, Northmen entering at the last time seemengly saving the day,...It was out of character to have Roose saying his final line to Robb with fury, instead of calmly murdering him with coldness.Sandor hiting Arya came out of nowhere, since they weren't able to transmit that she was out of control. Maise was acting just dumbstruck, not crazy.Grey Worm's "bo-staff" fighting style was cool, but completely inconsistent with his background as an infantry soldier.There's been more disappointements, but those I can forgive because it's probably a budgetary/resources matter. Grey Wind didn't seem ferocious at all, but we've heard many times how hard it is to work with trained animals. The scale of the killings outside the Twins felt vary reduced, and I missed the tents burning and falling down.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 03 June 2013 - 07:40 AM.
1038	Kaitscralt	2013-06-03	My nitpicks:I think that having poor musicians was a thing that they should have kept. It doesn't cost anything, and would have made the whole scene more rounded.They should have insisted more in how the Stark bannermen were getting drunk.Roose runing away from Catelyn was dumb.Failure at transmiting the sense of chaos during the killings. I missed knocking down tables, Northmen entering at the last time seemengly saving the day,...It was out of character to have Roose saying his final line to Robb with fury, instead of calmly murdering him with coldness.Sandor hiting Arya came out of nowhere, since they weren't able to transmit that she was out of control. Maise was acting just dumbstruck, not crazy.Grey Worm's "bo-staff" fighting style was cool, but completely inconsistent with his background as an infantry soldier.Roose wasn't running away from her, he was stepping out of the way of the oncoming rain of crossbow bolts that he knew was coming.
1039	Kaitscralt	2013-06-03	Rather than go through and say "lol" to each long complainer post, I'll just say that I think people are crazy for wanting to see Grey Wind get slowly killed by a bunch of guys right on screen. No amount of throat ripping would make up for watching Robb's pet get peppered with crossbow bolts and then closed in on. That's not something an audience wants to see. I thought it was a mercy that they did it the way they did. To each their own though.
1040	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	I don't think Roose was angry, more exerting himself to ram the dagger between Robb's ribs.
					
					
							Edited by Bannerless Man, 03 June 2013 - 07:42 AM.
1041	Son of Dragons	2013-06-03	I think having good musicians with a sad violin added drama to the scene, so I liked that change.
1042	awesome possum	2013-06-03	Fuuuuuuuuuuucccckkkkkkk.  I knew it was coming.  I anticipated for weeks (hell, years).  When it was over I just kind of sat there with a frowny-scowl on my face as my wife gasped and cursed and raged - she had begged to be spoiled back during season 1 after Ned lost his head, so she knew it was coming but didn't knowStill, no emotions came.  I tossed and turned for about an hour when I went to bed, unable to get the goddamned Rains of Castamere out of my head.  But still no emotions.  And now, sitting here at work, I'm starting to feel a little teary-eyed.  Damn it.  Damn it! The worst part is that the scene dredged up emotions that I first felt - and pushed down and away - twelve years ago.  I thought I'd come to terms with losing Robb and Catelyn, but I feel like I've been punched in the gut anew. Fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkkkkk!
1043	The hairy bear	2013-06-03	Roose wasn't running away from her, he was stepping out of the way of the oncoming rain of crossbow bolts that he knew was coming.I dont' buy this interpretation. One, why would he have to do it when all the other conspirators in the room stayed where they were and weren't hurt? Two, he only run away when Catelyn discovered his chainmail. If he really had planned to be out from the room once the arrows started to fly, he would have excused himself before just as the Blackfish had done.
1044	tpierick	2013-06-03	I think that one of my biggest beefs was just that I think they made it easy to sense. In the books, out of nowhere some arguments break out and then Robb gets peppered by bolts. The show had them closing the doors and soldiers running about. I thought it was giving it away. 
But now we know that Jeyne Westerling won't have a baby. Reverse spoiler alert???
Also, I want to mention again that I don't think a single TV show watcher appreciated that the Rains of Castamere were playing.
All in all, I thought they did a good job and definitely the best episode yet. I'm glad they didn't have Catelyn raking her face because I thought it was unrealistic and ridiculous, though I did think she looked badass afterward. 
I am a little upset they didn't put Gray Wind's head on Robb though, and you didn't see them just throw Catelyn's body in the river. But I'm nitpicking.
1045	awesome possum	2013-06-03	I am a little upset they didn't put Gray Wind's head on Robb though, and you didn't see them just throw Catelyn's body in the river. But I'm nitpicking.I wouldn't be surprised if that's one of the opening shots to next episode.  They have to show Grey-Robb.  Or maybe they'll have Joffrey bragging about it to Sansa.
1046	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-06-03	Manderly was there!
1047	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	Once again:
Talisa is not Jeyne.
1048	victim	2013-06-03	Roslin Frey looked exactly how I pictured Jeyne Westerling.
1049	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-03	My nitpicks:I think that having poor musicians was a thing that they should have kept. It doesn't cost anything, and would have made the whole scene more rounded.They should have insisted more in how the Stark bannermen were getting drunk.Roose runing away from Catelyn was dumb.Failure at transmiting the sense of chaos during the killings. I missed knocking down tables, Northmen entering at the last time seemengly saving the day,...It was out of character to have Roose saying his final line to Robb with fury, instead of calmly murdering him with coldness.Sandor hiting Arya came out of nowhere, since they weren't able to transmit that she was out of control. Maise was acting just dumbstruck, not crazy.Grey Worm's "bo-staff" fighting style was cool, but completely inconsistent with his background as an infantry soldier.There's been more disappointements, but those I can forgive because it's probably a budgetary/resources matter. Grey Wind didn't seem ferocious at all, but we've heard many times how hard it is to work with trained animals. The scale of the killings outside the Twins felt vary reduced, and I missed the tents burning and falling down.I don't think the poor musicians would have added much in a medium where you actually have to listen to it. Quite the contrary.I'd also say that the viewers can pretty easily figure out that the soldiers' guards were down when it's a wedding feast.Roose moved out of the line of fire, he wasn't running from Cat.While I understand what you mean when it comes to him saying that to Robb I never found any rage in his words myself.Arya had already shown to be out of control as she ran away from him the first instant he didn't pay attention to her. And since when doesn't the Hound solve things like that?We're told that the Unsullied have to master their weapons, which can certainly mean that they learn to fight both alone and in formation. We have every reason to believe they are more well trained than normal soldiers.
1050	Marillon	2013-06-03	My only nitpick: No face clawing from Cat /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Other than that, stellar job on the red wedding tbh, which is what this episode will mostly be remembered for. I'm kinda glad they skipped out on Cat's comments about the quality of the music, might have spooked more people.
Stabbing Talissa four times though? Whyyyyyyy? Just seemed unnecessarily much.
					
					
							Edited by Marillon, 03 June 2013 - 09:25 AM.
1051	Exar0s	2013-06-03	I won't lie, I feel like a piece of me died last night. I LOVE the Starks and even though I knew it was coming, it didn't help. The entire episode was filled with A+ acting and will be one of the most remembered episodes of any series, ever. That being said I think HBO/Martin took it a little too far with their slap in the face of Eddard/Stark fans. As if Stark fans don't have it bad enough already:
- Bran paralyzed
- Eddard dead
- Sansa married to the Imp
- Arya seeing the RW
- Robb and Cat dead
They had to add in "If it is a boy, his name will be Eddard". How about FU HBO! Was that really necessary? You give the Eddard/Stark fans some happiness for a change only to have the would-be-son-named-Eddard STABBED 10 TIMES!! I'll continue watching obviously but I really don't blame some fans for their rage right now. It was cold, very very cold.
1052	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-06-03	Where is the greatjon with his leg of lamb!Greatjon was getting drunk Manderly had leg of lamb as far as i remeber
1053	Big Daddy Dave	2013-06-03	To the poster who was upset we didn't see the tents burning, it looks like next week's season finale picks up right where this left off, much like ep 9 of season 1 was picked up the next week seconds after Ned was beheaded. The previews for next week show Roose on the rooftop watching all the tents burning and collapsing in front of the twins.In fact, I think we may see Greywind's head sown onto Robb's body for all to see next week.
1054	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	I think having good musicians with a sad violin added drama to the scene, so I liked that change.I second that. The version they played was quite haunting and atmospheric. I have just rewatched the RW scene and this time it hit me harder this time because I was really tired when I watched the episode for the first time. I think they did a great job overall, i feel really sad now. Poor Catelyn, Michelle Fairley was superb. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1055	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	I won't lie, I feel like a piece of me died last night. I LOVE the Starks and even though I knew it was coming, it didn't help. The entire episode was filled with A+ acting and will be one of the most remembered episodes of any series, ever. That being said I think HBO/Martin took it a little too far with their slap in the face of Eddard/Stark fans. As if Stark fans don't have it bad enough already:- Bran paralyzed- Eddard dead- Sansa married to the Imp- Arya seeing the RW- Robb and Cat deadThey had to add in "If it is a boy, his name will be Eddard". How about FU HBO! Was that really necessary? You give the Eddard/Stark fans some happiness for a change only to have the would-be-son-named-Eddard STABBED 10 TIMES!! I'll continue watching obviously but I really don't blame some fans for their rage right now. It was cold, very very cold.Exactly as it was meant to be. The more vicious and cruel - the more apt, given Walder Frey obvious rage.The more pain this scene produces, the better. It is one of the two BIG EVENTS of the book. It would have been a terrible waste had this event not shocked and horrified viewers.
1056	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-03	The most shocking twist in this episode was the number of lines Rickon had.
					
					
							Edited by The Knee-Slayer, 03 June 2013 - 11:36 AM.
1057	Ginevra	2013-06-03	From an interview with GRRM on the RW, I just love his response!What do you say to readers who are upset about the scene?It depends on what they say. What can you say to someone who says they<U+0080><U+0099>ll never read your book again? People read books for different reasons. I respect that. Some read for comfort. And some of my former readers have said their life is hard, their mother is sick, their dog died, and they read fiction to escape. They don<U+0080><U+0099>t want to get hit in the mouth with something horrible. And you read that certain kind of fiction where the guy will always get the girl and the good guys win and it reaffirms to you that life is fair. We all want that at times. There<U+0080><U+0099>s a certain vicarious release to that. So I<U+0080><U+0099>m not dismissive of people who want that. But that<U+0080><U+0099>s not the kind of fiction I write, in most cases. It<U+0080><U+0099>s certainly not what Ice and Fire is. It tries to be more realistic about what life is. It has joy, but it also had pain and fear. I think the best fiction captures life in all its light and darkness.  --http://insidetv.ew.c...he-red-wedding/
1058	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	What about Brynden ? I hope he doesn't get murdered.
Also i liked Rickon's lines very much.
1059	nara	2013-06-03	Wow.  Great episode.  It affected me more than I expected.  I was a doubter coming in, because I was annoyed by all the Cat, Robb, Talisa changes made in the show, but they definitely proved to me that they know what they<U+0080><U+0099>re doing.Sorry for this long post, but if I don<U+0080><U+0099>t get this out of my system, I won<U+0080><U+0099>t be able to concentrate at work!The RW:The rapprochement between Cat and Robb was great.  He acknowledged that he needed her advice.  Also, I liked the part where she holds him back when he wants to attack Walder Frey for insulting Talisa.  I have missed this type of interaction between the 2 of them.Still not a big fan of the Jeyne/Talisa change, but I found her conversations with Robb to be endearing in this case, and I liked the amusing banter when he says that maybe he picked the wrong girl.  The death of Talisa was very powerful (even for someone who didn<U+0080><U+0099>t like the character) and I found myself shocked at the brutality.  (Incidentally, the 2 characters I hated --Ros and Talisa-- died in such a way that felt guilty for not liking them more.  Well done, writers!)I liked the fact that Talisa died first, so that the focus at the end could be Cat and Robb.  The relationship between mothers and their children is so critical to the series, particular the contrast between Cersei and Cat, so this scene (and the PW in the future) is really important for mothers and sons.  I especially like that Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s last word was <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+009D>.  The only thing is that I would have liked some acknowledgement that they knew Sansa was married to Tyrion and a reminder at the end that Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s other sons are already <U+0080><U+009C>dead<U+0080><U+009D>.  Cat dying while believing that 4 of her children are dead and that Tyrion betrayed her trust and gave Sansa a horrible fate is one of the saddest aspects of the entire series and I would have liked to see it emphasized here.I thought it was weird that they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t explain guest right and have Catelyn warn Robb about it, but I hope that will come out in Episode 10.  Violation of guest right makes this a crime against the gods as well as a crime against humans.  I also hope they keep the desecration of the bodies because that is another crime against the gods<U+0080><U+0099> laws and shows how far gone Roose and the Freys are.Would have liked to see Grey Wind fight or warn Robb before entry into the Twins, but I liked the way they  had Arya watch him be killed.Loved the interaction between Arya and Hound, but I really miss the part about her wondering if her mother would still want her after all she<U+0080><U+0099>s done and how she looks. Roslin was well cast and the interaction between her and Edmure was perfect! I liked that they kept the part where Cat killed an innocent person.  I thought that was important for her devolution to Lady Stoneheart.Small nitpick:  I thought that the Blackfish being saved by going to the bathroom was strange.  Surely Walder would have kept an eye on him and waited for his return.  I would have preferred him to stay at Riverrun to protect it against the Lannisters.  However, I did enjoy the Frey ladies flirting with him and his reaction. Another small nitpick:  They did something strange with Michelle Fairley<U+0080><U+0099>s makeup in the final shots<U+0080><U+0094>she looks several shades darker and it was distracting from her acting (which was AMAZING  BTW).No music at the end was PERFECT.  it left me with a sense of shock that lasted a long time.I<U+0080><U+0099>m really looking forward to the reactions from Sansa, Theon, and Jon to the RW.  I also hope that we<U+0080><U+0099>ll eventually see Petyr<U+0080><U+0099>s reaction<U+0080><U+0094>he was in love with Cat for a couple of decades, after all.  I<U+0080><U+0099>m also curious about how Cersei will react and whether that will provide any foreshadowing.Dany:I was skeptical about the number of plots they were going to show in this episode, but they did a great job with it.I have to confess that my heart broke a little for Jorah when he realized that Dany was interested in Daario.  The expression change on his face was subtle and poignant.  Emilia<U+0080><U+0099>s acting was also good in that scene.Enjoyed the fight scene, but was looking forward to the sewers.  Totally love Grey Worm!  Now, I want to see Barristan fight!Bran/Jon:First tears for the night were actually when Rickon said he wanted to protect his brother. Isaac is wonderful as Bran.  I have to say that I found Bran<U+0080><U+0099>s recent story a little boring in the books, and Isaac reminded me why I originally liked Bran so much.  He<U+0080><U+0099>s so brave and mature in the face of everything bad that<U+0080><U+0099>s happened.The Jon and wilding part was well done too.  Ygritte<U+0080><U+0099>s expression when he rode off was so sad.Very happy to see some direwolf action!Sam:The expression on Sam<U+0080><U+0099>s face when Gilly called him a wizard was just wonderful!  Maybe the first compliment of his life!
1060	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-03	What about Brynden ? I hope he doesn't get murdered.Also i liked Rickon's lines very much.I belive he is held as a hostage.I also commented that I didn't even know Rickon could speak!
1061	MALICUS	2013-06-03	grey wind... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1062	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-03	There are just too many good points to this episode to name them all. People need to understand you can't get all of the same feel and emotion from the screen as you can from a book. Any book adapted for tv or a movie generally pales in comparison.
I thought it was great, absolutely the best episode of the series. Had a hard time sleeping because I was reliving the scenes over in my head.
Thinking next week will show the Stark tents burning, Cat dumped into the river and maybe Robb/GW, but that is the one that may not happen. Also, Bran and Sam meeting at the wall may happen next week.
1063	The Monkey	2013-06-03	So the Manderly guy wasn't named, nor did he have any lines. That's gonna have ramifications later on.
1064	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	I absolutely hated Daario Naharis in the books, but I must admit on the show he's quickly becoming one of my favorite characters.  They really hit the nail on the hammer with the Daario casting.
1065	Targaryen Tempest	2013-06-03	I absolutely hated Daario Naharis in the books, but I must admit on the show he's quickly becoming one of my favorite characters.  They really hit the nail on the hammer with the Daario casting.Same. Like him too now. didn't before.
1066	LilJonUmber	2013-06-03	My only nitpick: No face clawing from Cat /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I ain't gonna lie...I was glad they opted to omit that. When they zoomed in on her (moments before she got turned into a pez dispenser), I was waiting for her to start raking her face. And after Talisa's tummy, and poor Grey Wind, my heart (and stomach) couldn't take any more.
1067	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-03	What about Brynden ? I hope he doesn't get murdered.Also i liked Rickon's lines very much.Brynden went out to piss on a tree so he likely escaped on the show, seeing how he wasn't even there in the book.I ain't gonna lie...I was glad they opted to omit that. When they zoomed in on her (moments before she got turned into a pez dispenser), I was waiting for her to start raking her face. And after Talisa's tummy, and poor Grey Wind, my heart (and stomach) couldn't take any more.I liked what they did, with Catelyn pretty much dying emotionally before getting her throat slit. Works nicely foreshadowing.
1068	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	I just saw on wikipedia the ratings, it says 10.97 million people whatched this episode, i think it's incredible, can someone confirm this ?  I think the ratings will rise even more after todays episode.
1069	ohpooratlas	2013-06-03	I'm kind of hoping (hoping beyond hope really, as I know it is unlikely) that we will get Nymeria pulling Cat out of the river.  So many people were heartbroken by Grey Wind's death (myself included).  It would be a pleasant surprise to finally show the M.I.A. direwolf even if its without her pack.
1070	MegaMagick	2013-06-03	As a book reader, i was pretty much on the edge of my seat the entire episode. I knew exactly what was coming. It didn't disappoint either. In fact, the scene looked almost exactly how i pictured it in my head, even to how Roslin Frey looked. Once they showed her face, i was like "Robb you stupid motherfucker!" because i knew he was going to get it and i realized that he didn't even LOOK at any of Frey's daughters to begin with. You could almost see it in his eyes when he saw her like, "Man, i fucked up.".  He swore an oath to Frey that he would marry one of his daughters and a oath/vow in general is sacred(particularly in those times) but the oath of a King is HUGE. Walder Frey took it as the last straw, the final spit in the face, and decided that he was going to take vengeance on the people who pissed on him for so long. Not saying what Frey did was justified, but Robb made a lot of STUPID decisions(That irony of which that most of them were decisions his Father never would've made) and either one of them could've came back to cost him his life.  Final thoughts on the scene, and i know this will sound terrible, but i kinda laughed when Catelyn got her throat slit at the end. There was the long pause and then this guy comes up and then *cuts* and fade to credits.
As for the other stuff:
1. I liked the banter between Arya and The Hound, there's great chemistry between the two.
2.  I'm starting to like Jon again, i like how he gutted the warg and basically told him to screw off. Things are about to go DOWN on the wall. Which makes me think of how much they've mishandled Mance, i almost forgot he existed. 
3. Bran's story has finally become semi interesting again, but you know i actually think the show focusing on the wild adventures of Rickon and Osha would be more interesting than all the warg crap. But it will never happen.
This and Blackwater are the two best episodes of the show and i think the next season will have even greater moments.
1071	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	It was an error on wikipedia regarding the ratings, they deleted that number.
1072	Young Lion	2013-06-03	I already posted this in another forum, but I'm going to post it here too.Good episode, but I expected much better. Way better. Maybe it's my own fault for getting my expectations really high, but the amount of unnecessary changes they made in this episode was way too much. So much that it heavily deteriorated the quality of the product.Let's see:- Blackfish being in the Red Wedding instead of being in Riverrun.- Arya being hit by a fist instead of an axe - Missed chance of even more suspense/outrage for non book readers, considering most people would wonder about her fate.- Roslin not crying when the bedding started - Such a little thing but at the same time a very nice touch who added a lot to the drama of the scene. Can't understand why they didn't include this.- Roose executing Robb - Why in the hell didn't they go with the way he was executed by Roose in the books. It was so much better.- "The Lannisters send their regards" - It should be "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" - How hard could this be? One of the most iconic lines in the series. Yes, it may seem such a minor thing to most, but I'm really disappointed at this. Not to mention that the correct line will probably have a lot more importance in the future.- Where was the Greatjon? They put the Blackfish there, who shouldn't really be there, but don't show the Greatjon? C'mon now.- Even though this is not their fault, considering it was a thought in the books, it would be incredibly nice if they included the "No, not my hair, Ned loves my hair". It would make the scene even more dramatic and emotional.- Catelyn not clawing her face and laughing hysterically, therefore showing her descent into madness and extreme grief. Michelle Fairley proved she could do it, and yet, for some reason, this was not included. Again, the inclusion of this would make the whole scene much much better. Much more emotional, powerful, sinister, eerie and creepy. A thousand times better.All of this changes were absolutely unnecessary, they could easily do it the right and much better way. That's why I'm irritated by it.With all of this said, it's still worth to mention that it was still a good episode, it was still emotional and powerful and yes, I felt a little depressed when it ended.
1073	Maxthestig	2013-06-03	I Thought it was amazing. Everything good and great about Game of Thrones. We lost some great characters but that is great.I love ROOSE BOLTON !Here is my review of the episode.http://squarevision....-of-castermere/I would give it 9 out of 10 LOVED ITIt didn't let the book down.
1074	Nanaki	2013-06-03	What about GreatJon Umber ?
Why we couldn't see him in the entire third season ? Will be captive or not ?
Clive Mantle is a great actor, it's pity.
1075	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	What about GreatJon Umber ?Why we couldn't see him in the entire third season ? Will be captive or not ?Clive Mantle is a great actor, it's pity.I'm hoping since they mentioned Last Hearth and the Umbers last episode they'll bring back Clive.
1076	chewietobbacca	2013-06-03	I found it particularly great/cruel that Edmure's wife was so pretty - it really punches people in the gut knowing that Robb basically blew it all - and like his father, didn't know how to play the game of thrones
1077	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-03	- Blackfish being in the Red Wedding instead of being in Riverrun.- Arya being hit by a fist instead of an axe - Missed chance of even more suspense/outrage for non book readers, considering most people would wonder about her fate.- Roslin not crying when the bedding started - Such a little thing but at the same time a very nice touch who added a lot to the drama of the scene. Can't understand why they didn't include this.- Roose executing Robb - Why in the hell didn't they go with the way he was executed by Roose in the books. It was so much better.- "The Lannisters send their regards" - It should be "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" - How hard could this be? One of the most iconic lines in the series. Yes, it may seem such a minor thing to most, but I'm really disappointed at this. Not to mention that the correct line will probably have a lot more importance in the future.- Where was the Greatjon? They put the Blackfish there, who shouldn't really be there, but don't show the Greatjon? C'mon now.- Even though this is not their fault, considering it was a thought in the books, it would be incredibly nice if they included the "No, not my hair, Ned loves my hair". It would make the scene even more dramatic and emotional.- Catelyn not clawing her face and laughing hysterically, therefore showing her descent into madness and extreme grief. Michelle Fairley proved she could do it, and yet, for some reason, this was not included. Again, the inclusion of this would make the whole scene much much better. Much more emotional, powerful, sinister, eerie and creepy. A thousand times better.All of this changes were absolutely unnecessary, they could easily do it the right and much better way. That's why I'm irritated by it.With all of this said, it's still worth to mention that it was still a good episode, it was still emotional and powerful and yes, I felt a little depressed when it ended.1) Blackfish.  Yes, I preferred him staying in Riverrun, but I understood it.  He was developed as a loyal man to Robb and family member, so it made sense to put him in the entourage.2) Arya.  While that plays in the books, it would've been trite as hell on screen.  What was done was effective.  The reason why we were worried in the books is because it simply said that she took an axe to her head, whereas how do you show that in the TV show while being worried about her death?  In the books, you have no idea if its the blunt side or the blade.  Sandor's fist did the trick.3) Roslin's lack of crying was due to the producers not wanting to let on about the impending doom.  If she cried, it would've tipped people off even more than they were.4) I agree, I would've preferred him to kill Robb as in the book.  The drive by stabbing lacked a lot of gravitas.5) Jamie is on his redemption arc. Bolton mentioning that makes like Jamie was the architect rather than Tywin.6) Clive Mantel and the producers had a falling out, hence why he did not return for season 2.  I really was saddened by this because he was one of the best characters in the TV show.7) The hair comment was an internal thought and would have been the dumbest shit ever to say out loud.  No one would've understood it.  We get lots of cool little easter eggs as readers throughout the season, that would not have been an appropriate use of one.8) Plays in the book, doesn't really play on screen.  You need to understand that just because it works on paper doesn't mean it translates to the screen.  While I believe that falling into catatonia was kind of a cop-out, I do believe that the self mutilation was forgone because of Lady Stoneheart.  Same reason that Tyrion still has a nose.  Her going insane would not have made it any more powerful than it was, it just would've detracted from what was actually happening.  Michelle killed it.
1078	Rmg1313	2013-06-03	Watched it again today. Still just exasperated. Amazing how I knew it was coming and still just how impactful that was. 2 new thoughts. 
At first I wasn't to happy with the way they handled Grey Wind. I originally wished for him to go out fighting like he actually did. However, watching again and thinking about it I think the way they did it was better. For many people (myself included) its more difficult to watch animals/pets die than people on tv shows.  They obviously had to show this but hid most of him so we got the point. Otherwise they would have prob showed a graphic axe to the head full body shot of poor Grey Wind which would have been bitterly tough. 
And I have never felt a bigger pit form in my stomach or a bigger sense of dread during a movie/show as I felt when they started playing 'rains' at the wedding and Cat gets that look on her face. Just never imagined they could get it to be that brutal.
					
					
							Edited by Rmg1313, 03 June 2013 - 04:20 PM.
1079	jay_targaryen67	2013-06-03	Im about done with this show the books version way more epic killing grey wind in the stalls weak
1080	Underzaker	2013-06-03	Ok so what changes did the producers make?
1: Greywind growling at the Freys = I can understand how it might tip off unsullied
2: Roslin not being sad = Again I can understand how it might tip off unsullied
3: Blackfish present = I'm on the fence. Well at least they made him take a piss but will he go back to riverrun?
4: Talisa getting stabbed in the belly = For the better ... I reckon all book readers got a shock out of that
5: No Greatjon or smalljohn throwing a table over Robb = Definitely a loss
6: No Manderly = Where was he?
7: "Rain" song not continuing = For the better
8: Bolton wearing Mail and getting slapped: For the better
9: Bolton stabbing Robb = Book version was much better. I always imagined they would show him walking up to robb from behind , focusing on his legs first. Then , he stabs Robb with the sword lingering
10: Cat cutting Frey's wife = For the better. It had more impact.
11: Cat not clawing her face off = For the better. The book version was better but it would not have adapted well on screen.
12: Grey wind not getting freed = Again , it would have been cool but I don't think they could have pulled it off well on screen so for the better.
So overall , good adaptation.
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 03 June 2013 - 04:42 PM.
1081	wolverine	2013-06-03	Agree with Lord Elrosir's response almost completely.  I thought this episode was spectacular.
1082	Nanaki	2013-06-03	6)No Manderly, Mormont, Glover and Umble. I wonder if they will introduce (or reintroduce) all of them later.
1083	jmk51	2013-06-03	It was awesome - loved that it was more of a mob hit than some epic battle.  And I'm still amazed anyone cares about the bannermen not being there.  By the reaction of the people that haven't read the books, it wasn't missed.
1084	awesome possum	2013-06-03	All of this changes were absolutely unnecessary, they could easily do it the right and much better way. That's why I'm irritated by it.You forgot to add "in my opinion" because in my opinion, many of the changes were necessary to successfully translate to the screen.  The only one I agree with you 100% on is Roose's killing blow.  Robb should have collapsed after "Mother" and then Roose takes him out.6: No Manderly = Where was he?Sitting next to the Blackfish.  No lines and no name in the credits but he's there.  And the North remembers.
1085	mafalda	2013-06-03	The Freys are some of the most alarming looking characters I think I've seen in any television show. I remember thinking how odd the two Freys that came to parlay with the Tully-Starks were. They all have the creepiness factor down packed!
I loved how they had the superficial Edmure in suspense about his bride. They introduced all of Walder Frey's unattractive daughters then kept Roslin back until the moment they were to exchange vows. She is VERY pretty! I also loved how she was calm during the ceremony, unlike book Roslin who was a sobbing mess every time she was shown. The ceremony itself was pretty and jolly, regardless of how I felt about the killin's (oh, Hagrid!) and the music was great. I liked that they had the orchestra capable, instead of playing horribly.
Also, loved the addition of the Twins in the opening credits! Quick question though.. right before the Twins and after Dragonstone, they breezed over an Inn.. which Inn was it? Everytime I tried to pause it, my comcast bar was in the way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
On a side note, can I take a brief moment to say how much I enjoy Edmure?? He's just so silly and superficial and I think that it makes him kind of endearing.
He really thought he was doing something with that Mill situation. How cute!
1086	timstanton	2013-06-03	do we see uncat in ep 10? yes or no?
1087	Castel	2013-06-03	Watched it again today. Still just exasperated. Amazing how I knew it was coming and still just how impactful that was. 2 new thoughts.At first I wasn't to happy with the way they handled Grey Wind. I originally wished for him to go out fighting like he actually did. However, watching again and thinking about it I think the way they did it was better. For many people (myself included) its more difficult to watch animals/pets die than people on tv shows.  They obviously had to show this but hid most of him so we got the point. Otherwise they would have prob showed a graphic axe to the head full body shot of poor Grey Wind which would have been bitterly tough.One of the more baffling aspects of Western culture tbh. I wouldn't have minded him getting an axe to the head. Honestly, considering that a pregnant woman just got stabbed in the fucking stomach I'd be really disturbed if that was their main motivation for not showing it.I'm wondering if we'll see Grey Wind's head on Robb's boy or Cat thrown naked into the river. The latter seems more likely. The former...too gruesome for even this show?6)No Manderly, Mormont, Glover and Umble. I wonder if they will introduce (or reintroduce) all of them later. It'll take them about three lines to do so when the time comes.
1088	Madfunkymonkey	2013-06-03	do we see uncat in ep 10? yes or no?I'm guessing that rise of Uncat will be the final shot of the season.
1089	Blutrabe	2013-06-03	There is one small detail I just realized:
They showed Orell warging before he died. So in a way he DID have Varamyr's role in the end. I just wonder if people will remember this detail come season - erm - six?
1090	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	do we see uncat in ep 10? yes or no?My guess is yes.
1091	Crazeejezza	2013-06-03	Also, loved the addition of the Twins in the opening credits! Quick question though.. right before the Twins and after Dragonstone, they breezed over an Inn.. which Inn was it? Everytime I tried to pause it, my comcast bar was in the way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Inn at the Crossroads.[img]http://i.imgur.com/3Ob6huU.jpg[/img]
1092	mafalda	2013-06-03	Inn at the Crossroads.[img]http://i.imgur.com/3Ob6huU.jpg[/img]Thank you for answering, Crazeejezza, and thanks for the pic too!
1093	King of the Road	2013-06-03	Did anyone else think that Roose Bolton's smirk at Catelyn was acted absolutely perfectly? What a great way to show just how badly the man's betrayed Robb, a perfect reveal to the audience of his treachery.
1094	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	do we see uncat in ep 10? yes or no?Most likely yes, if so she would appear in the last scene and it would be a perfect ending to the season IMO.
1095	Martyz	2013-06-03	Best episode yet, imo. The Jon/Bran scene was great. It felt a bit rushed, though.. RW was pretty brilliant.
1096	booknerd2	2013-06-03	I have no real complaints except Grey Wind should have been shown fighting to free himself and get to Robb. It is a big part of the Stark/direwolf connection. It was just the worst because he knew the whole time it was a bad idea.
1097	Warhawk137	2013-06-03	BTW, now that we've gotten through the RW, aside from just the Martells in general, the thing I'm most looking forward to is that scene with Manderly and Davos."The north remembers" is when I finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel.  It's when I changed my opinion on what the underlying trope ethos was of the series - prior to that I assumed that it was "Anyone Can Die,"  But since then, I think that ASOIAF is a grand experiment in "Earn Your Happy Ending."Not that it'll be smooth sailing through the last 2 books by any means, I just think there's a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel, and the best thing is that any sense of satisfaction we get by the end of the series will mean that much more because it was well and truly earned, through blood, sweat, and tears.But, really, mostly blood.
1098	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Anyone else notice that Cat bitch slapped the shit out of Roose? lol
1099	imbenurnot	2013-06-03	Why does everybody want to have seen Grey Wind fighting like in the books? Sure, it is pretty cool, but the wolf effects frankly look terrible whenever they interact with something. This is a completely understandable drawback of the television budget they have to work around. I seem to remember him struggling to get out, and they way he is disposed of is both logical in universe and aesthetically pleasing.
					
					
							Edited by imbenurnot, 03 June 2013 - 07:16 PM.
1100	Reposado	2013-06-03	whoever wrote the dialogue between robb and talisa for this episode, should have been writing robb/talisa scenes for the last two years. for the first time they seemed natural together, like two people that actually liked each other. if they had always been like this, the whole plotline would have made a lot more sense.
1101	booknerd2	2013-06-03	Just an opinion, but he is an extension of Robb and the Starks and it is one of the most moving scenes in the series. Grey Wind never steered him wrong. He didn't want Robb to go in, once he is forced to stay behind by the Freys and Robb not wanting to piss of Walder further, it was the skin-crawling moment of the chapter. 
It was moving in the series how he tried to break loose and tore limbs and whatever to get to Robb. So sad and terrible. Grey Wind is the Stark that most recaps and reviews are forgetting when they list the banner men, Cat, Talisa and baby, and Robb. 
There are certain things that can get budget cut, but I do wish some monies/time/effort was reserved for this. Really, Nymeria drags out Cat later from the water, the direwolves are so crucial.
Poor Grey WInd was shown to go out in a crappy way that he most certainly did not in the book. The "You'll have to kill me to stop me from getting to Robb" theme was so so sad.
1102	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Just an opinion, but he is an extension of Robb and the Starks and it is one of the most moving scenes in the series. Grey Wind never steered him wrong. He didn't want Robb to go in, once he is forced to stay behind by the Freys and Robb not wanting to piss of Walder further, it was the skin-crawling moment of the chapter.It was moving in the series how he tried to break loose and tore limbs and whatever to get to Robb. So sad and terrible. Grey Wind is the Stark that most recaps and reviews are forgetting when they list the banner men, Cat, Talisa and baby, and Robb.There are certain things that can get budget cut, but I do wish some monies/time/effort was reserved for this. Really, Nymeria drags out Cat later from the water, the direwolves are so crucial.Poor Grey WInd was shown to go out in a crappy way that he most certainly did not in the book. The "You'll have to kill me to stop me from getting to Robb" theme was so so sad.Yo chill on the in depth Grey Wind analysis, I mean don't get me wrong I agree with everything you said 100%, but thinking about that shit in such detail is depressing as fuck lol.  I'm seriously about to cry for Grey Wind right now after reading your post /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> .
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 03 June 2013 - 07:55 PM.
1103	Khal Porno	2013-06-03	Why does everybody want to have seen Grey Wind fighting like in the books? Sure, it is pretty cool, but the wolf effects frankly look terrible whenever they interact with something. This is a completely understandable drawback of the television budget they have to work around. I seem to remember him struggling to get out, and they way he is disposed of is both logical in universe and aesthetically pleasing.Agreed, and as I said before I think it works better with the theme of the Red Wedding as a betrayal and a massacre, and not as a last stand.
1104	booknerd2	2013-06-03	LOL. I know...I know...Like my dog today. 3 pound Yorkie stiffening and jutting out his body and growling because my neighbor's shepherd crossed the street. The message was clear: It never crossed his mind he's three pounds. It was more like, go near my mommy and I'll....lol!Dogs are the best! The dire wolves just take it to another level in fantasy, the love and loyalty and connection with out pets.
1105	MeMike	2013-06-03	"I know a real killer... he'd kill you with his littlefinger." Don't remember if this line exists in the book, but either way, cute line by whoever wrote it as a double reference.
1106	Warhawk137	2013-06-03	Slapped together a new avatar in GIMP to celebrate... er... commemorate... er... recognize? the occasion.
I'm liking how it turned out.  Mournful, but with a ray of hope.
1107	madprofessah	2013-06-03	Inn at the Crossroads.[img]http://i.imgur.com/3Ob6huU.jpg[/img]And this is significant why? Is that where they left Hot Pie? Or is it where Brienne runs into Gendry later? Can someone more familiar with the books let me know?
1108	Lord of Beyond the Wall	2013-06-03	After reading this http://insidetv.ew.c...yn-red-wedding/ i think that Lady Stoneheart will not be part of the tv show.
1109	ugashep	2013-06-03	What happened to Black Walder? Didn't they cast someone for that part?
1110	Warhawk137	2013-06-03	After reading this http://insidetv.ew.c...yn-red-wedding/ i think that Lady Stoneheart will not be part of the tv show.Why?I mean, it's supposed to be a surprise anyway.And look at the line in question: "I read the series so I knew what was coming and I also knew how many years I signed for."  I'm getting a "tongue firmly planted in cheek" vibe from that.  It's not like she says anything to the effect of "I'm going to miss working on this show."  She just says she read the series (so, obviously, if she did, she knows about LS), and that she apparently signed on for a certain number of years.
1111	Warden of the North121	2013-06-03	http://www.youtube.c...d&v=B1xxqPE4I4g
The Roose is loose.
1112	Xanrn	2013-06-03	Meh the Lame Wedding would be a better description.Sandor not killing anyone, lame.Grey Wind dying in a cage with a fucking whimper, lame.Boltons fucking pitiful killing blow, why in the fuck was he acting like an Assassin, the full plate with cloak, striding the length of the hall and stabbing Robb with a sword is epic. That shit was just corny.Bunch of scene dressing characters get killed, we ment to care why? The Northern Lords have been nothing but one giant fuck up. Apart from Karstark and Greatjon before he vanished.The ridiculus prison shanking of Talisa. Could have used a goddam axe atleast a nod to Dacey then.The over use of fucking Knives, for fucking godsake, medieval fanasty, where the fuck were the Axe, Maces and Swords. Were they getting bonuses per throat slit or something.Not one single fuckin person got hit with a leg of mutton.I agree the Red Orgy Party from Sparatus season 2, was so much better.The rest of the episode was pretty good.Though where the fuck is the Widling story going, how the hell are Tormund and Ygritte ment to attack Castle Black? Jon and the Wolves killed off the other 5 or so Wildlings.Jon riding up to Castle Black.OMG Widlings behind the wall, coming to attack us and open the gate!How many?!?!Two!DON'T PANIC, DON'T PANIC!
1113	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	Meh the Lame Wedding would be a better description.Sandor not killing anyone, lame.Grey Wind dying in a cage with a fucking whimper, lame.Boltons fucking pitiful killing blow, why in the fuck was he acting like an Assassin, the full plate with cloak, striding the length of the hall and stabbing Robb with a sword is epic. That shit was just corny.Bunch of scene dressing characters get killed, we ment to care why? The Northern Lords have been nothing but one giant fuck up. Apart from Karstark and Greatjon before he vanished.The ridiculus prison shanking of Talisa. Could have used a goddam axe atleast a nod to Dacey then.The over use of fucking Knives, for fucking godsake, medieval fanasty, where the fuck were the Axe, Maces and Swords. Were they getting bonuses per throat slit or something.Not one single fuckin person got hit with a leg of mutton.I agree the Red Orgy Party from Sparatus season 2, was so much better.The rest of the episode was pretty good.Though where the fuck is the Widling story going, how the hell are Tormund and Ygritte ment to attack Castle Black? Jon and the Wolves killed off the other 5 or so Wildlings.Jon riding up to Castle Black.OMG Widlings behind the wall, coming to attack us and open the gate!How many?!?!Two!DON'T PANIC, DON'T PANIC!Wow your friends must love watching the show with you. Lol.
1114	Nanaki	2013-06-03	Just an opinion, but he is an extension of Robb and the Starks and it is one of the most moving scenes in the series. Grey Wind never steered him wrong. He didn't want Robb to go in, once he is forced to stay behind by the Freys and Robb not wanting to piss of Walder further, it was the skin-crawling moment of the chapter.It was moving in the series how he tried to break loose and tore limbs and whatever to get to Robb. So sad and terrible. Grey Wind is the Stark that most recaps and reviews are forgetting when they list the banner men, Cat, Talisa and baby, and Robb.There are certain things that can get budget cut, but I do wish some monies/time/effort was reserved for this. Really, Nymeria drags out Cat later from the water, the direwolves are so crucial.Poor Grey WInd was shown to go out in a crappy way that he most certainly did not in the book. The "You'll have to kill me to stop me from getting to Robb" theme was so so sad.Totally agree.But I think anyone with a nice osmosis with pets will agree. We probably feel that thing differently. We learnt about Grey Wind's head in a Tyrion's chapters. I felt myself very bad.
1115	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	After reading this http://insidetv.ew.c...yn-red-wedding/ i think that Lady Stoneheart will not be part of the tv show.So the whole "How many years I've signed for" is definitely worrying, at least at face value. Of course it's not actual confirmation but I'm super paranoid now, although if Michelle is trolling it will only make me love her more.I was never that huge of a fan of LS in the books, but after watching and reading the unsullied reactions, I think the theme that vengeance and justice is coming would be really powerful. In fact, without it, I don't see how they can close the season in an intriguing enough way for people to think "Oh shit I have to watch next year!" After the RW and the general downer feeling everyone has after it, not to have the PW or its aftermath and no LS would just be...dull. Oh Robb and Cat were just murdered and the North is lost? Who cares Dany conquered a city no one gives a shit about!! Right?!
1116	wolverine	2013-06-03	LS is horrible in the books.  I would certainly be fine without her.
1117	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	I guess it was too late for the show to change this, but they really should have had more northern lords - Maege Mormont, Greatjon Umbar, the Manderlys, at least. A scene with them leaving their arms at the door. The wedding hall noisy and chaotic with shouts and bellows of rage and people trying to protect Robb, the Greatjon upending a table. Cut to a big tent outside and a troop of Freys going in with arms. They nailed Robb's death and Catelyn's death, but not the rest.
The show lacks the sense that the book has that Robb is loved, that he has loyal people devoted to him, that the North is devoted to him, that the North will remember. All we see are people betraying him. Betrayal has more impact when contrasted with loyalty, we need to see these two conflict, and a bit of cathartic Greatjon rage to go with the overwhelming negative dying of the light.
1118	wolverine	2013-06-03	Have heard from a few people that the Greatjohn had a falling out with the producers or something and that is why he is no longer on the show.
1119	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-03	Have heard from a few people that the Greatjohn had a falling out with the producers or something and that is why he is no longer on the show.Ya I could definitely see that happening, I love the show to death but, I have to admit D&D kind of seem like they can be D-bags at certain times......
1120	Mladen	2013-06-03	Also, about the preview, am I the only one annoyed that the ultimate Northern line `North remembers` is said in different form by none other than Lannister. That line is resereved for Starks, and unless Sansa or Arya (I doubt boys will find out about RW in the next episode) say the line, I will be genuinly pissed...
1121	Castel	2013-06-03	whoever wrote the dialogue between robb and talisa for this episode, should have been writing robb/talisa scenes for the last two years. for the first time they seemed natural together, like two people that actually liked each other. if they had always been like this, the whole plotline would have made a lot more sense.How did you feel about last few episodes then? Personally speaking I simply shut down wrt Robb and Talisa during Season Three. They seemed to be blatantly trying to make them likable and tragic and it seemed so obvious that I just switched off. I don't like seeing the puppeteers hand,
1122	Valyrian Steel Link	2013-06-03	And this is significant why? Is that where they left Hot Pie? Or is it where Brienne runs into Gendry later? Can someone more familiar with the books let me know?Lots of stuff happens at the Inn at the Crossroads:- Catelyn captures Tyrion there on her way back from King's Landing- Tyrion meets back up with Tywin after escaping the Eyrie- I think Hot Pie stays there in the book, can't remember- Sandor and Arya run into some bad people there- Brienne gets in a fight there and Gendry saves her (this may be different in the TV show).The Inn is located at the crossroads that lead to Winterfell, the Eyrie, Casterly Rock/Riverrun, and King's Landing.
1123	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	Also, about the preview, am I the only one annoyed that the ultimate Northern line `North remembers` is said in different form by none other than Lannister. That line is resereved for Starks, and unless Sansa or Arya (I doubt boys will find out about RW in the next episode) say the line, I will be genuinly pissed...Tyrion is merely pointing out the obvious to the small council, and no Stark says "North remembers" in the books. It's other Northern Lords who say it.Tyrion doesn't even say that specific line. Just another nitpick though that people can whine about.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 03 June 2013 - 10:44 PM.
1124	awesome possum	2013-06-03	LS is horrible in the books.  I would certainly be fine without her.Depends on what the long game is with her.  If she's just going to eventually wear down and die or Thoros finally turns on her, then she could easily be replaced with Beric slowly losing his humanity.  But I kind of hope we get a scene of her and Sansa, and for that it will be important to keep Fairley as a guest star at least.
1125	Mladen	2013-06-03	Tyrion is merely pointing out the obvious to the small council, and no Stark says "North remembers" in the books. It's other Northern Lords who say it.Tyrion doesn't even say that specific line. Just another nitpick though that people can whine about.Well, since we don`t have any Northern Lord to say it (like Manderly or Lady Dustin in the books), the only remaining Northerners are Starks.And, btw, I am not whining...
1126	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	Well, since we don`t have any Northern Lord to say it (like Manderly or Lady Dustin in the books), the only remaining Northerners are Starks.And, btw, I am not whining...Wyman Manderly will be cast in later seasons. They had one of his sons at the RW, even though he spoke no lines but his appearance tells me they aren't about to write them out.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 03 June 2013 - 10:51 PM.
1127	Mladen	2013-06-03	Wyman Manderly will be cast in later seasons. They had one of his sons at the RW, even though he spoke no lines but his appearance tells me they aren't about to write them out.True... But I hate the fact that line is deformed and given to Tyrion... It would be a noce touch if they have given it to one of the girls.
1128	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	True... But I hate the fact that line is deformed and given to Tyrion... It would be a noce touch if they have given it to one of the girls.I 100% percent expect at least Wylla's or Wyman's comments to be in the show, though. They do happen later in the story. Actually I expect both. Davos will hear it from both, I think. Considering D&D wanted to get here so much, they must also want to show at least the fallout from the RW. I'm going to go out on a limb and say Wylla's little rant is the most emotionally impactful part of those 2 books. At least it was to me.
1129	Mladen	2013-06-03	I 100% percent expect at least Wylla's or Wyman's comments to be in the show, though. They do happen later in the story. Actually I expect both. Davos will hear it from both, I think. Considering D&D wanted to get here so much, they must also want to show at least the fallout from the RW. I'm going to go out on a limb and say Wylla's little rant is the most emotionally impactful part of those 2 books. At least it was to me.That speech of hers was the best part of DWD. Actually, the only part where I was all exilirated. But, I meant they could use the line before to describe the pain of Sansa or Arya. And, since we don`t have any Northern lord in the show, I would rather be satisfied if the line is inserted to be told by Starks, not Lannisters. Even in deformed form, it was bad listening to Lannister saying that. But, we can only hope to see Manderlys...
1130	wolverine	2013-06-03	True... But I hate the fact that line is deformed and given to Tyrion... It would be a noce touch if they have given it to one of the girls.Remember, on the show Tyrion gets to do everything good and cool.
1131	Mladen	2013-06-03	Remember, on the show Tyrion gets to do everything good and cool.Well, they made Sansa kneel, and they equalized their sufferings during the wedding. It`s normal to expect this. So sad, and yet so true...
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 03 June 2013 - 11:34 PM.
1132	Rabel Dusk	2013-06-03	I'm sure I'm repeating things said earlier, but here goes --
I was sorry that there was only another stone windmill, and no Queenscrown tower in the middle of a lake.  But, unless there was already such a tower somewhere in Northern Ireland, it was probably beyond their budget to create it.  I wonder if Osha and Rickon will have any scenes next season as they travel to Last Hearth.  I'll miss Osha.  I always enjoyed watching Natalia Tena do her thing as that character.
Jon was doing Ygritte a favor by abandoning her.  He couldn't take her with him back to the Wall.  Looks like Jon got away without an arrow in his leg, unlike in the book.
I wonder if next season's comedy duo of Arya and the Hound will be as entertaining as Tyrion and Bronn?
As for the Red Wedding, I wonder how many viewers will be so angry that they will quit watching?  Of course, if they stick around for next season, they may be happy to see some Lannisters meet with misfortune.  I was interested to see the bread and salt hospitality ritual with the Starks and Freys.  It's a pretty basic rule that you can't murder your guests after they eat your bread and salt.  The Frey's name and honor will be in the dirt after this.  
I believe in the book that Catelyn killed a minor Frey, some mentally challenged guy who functioned as a jester?  For some reason, they changed that to Walder's latest wife.  I was hoping that, since they changed it from the book, that she would have gone after Walder, himself.  The way the scene was set up, she could have done it fairly easily.
Very tough to see Talisa killed so brutally.  I guess the suspician that she was a Lannister spy was a red herring.  If she had been, one would think that the Lannisters would have protected her.  but you never know with the Freys
1133	Theo333	2013-06-04	You know, I loved Robb and Talisa's deaths, but a guy casually walking up and slitting Cat had all the drama and horror of a Monty Python skit.
It just didn't make me angry, it was just sort of cartoony.
1134	wolverine	2013-06-04	I'm sure I'm repeating things said earlier, but here goes --I was sorry that there was only another stone windmill, and no Queenscrown tower in the middle of a lake.  But, unless there was already such a tower somewhere in Northern Ireland, it was probably beyond their budget to create it.  I wonder if Osha and Rickon will have any scenes next season as they travel to Last Hearth.  I'll miss Osha.  I always enjoyed watching Natalia Tena do her thing as that character.Jon was doing Ygritte a favor by abandoning her.  He couldn't take her with him back to the Wall.  Looks like Jon got away without an arrow in his leg, unlike in the book.I wonder if next season's comedy duo of Arya and the Hound will be as entertaining as Tyrion and Bronn?As for the Red Wedding, I wonder how many viewers will be so angry that they will quit watching?  Of course, if they stick around for next season, they may be happy to see some Lannisters meet with misfortune.  I was interested to see the bread and salt hospitality ritual with the Starks and Freys.  It's a pretty basic rule that you can't murder your guests after they eat your bread and salt.  The Frey's name and honor will be in the dirt after this.  I believe in the book that Catelyn killed a minor Frey, some mentally challenged guy who functioned as a jester?  For some reason, they changed that to Walder's latest wife.  I was hoping that, since they changed it from the book, that she would have gone after Walder, himself.  The way the scene was set up, she could have done it fairly easily.Very tough to see Talisa killed so brutally.  I guess the suspician that she was a Lannister spy was a red herring.  If she had been, one would think that the Lannisters would have protected her.  but you never know with the FreysI would be more surprised if she didn't have scenes in next season than if she did.  They seem to really like her as a character and we have already seen how things that were offscreen in the books may become onscreen on the show and vice versa.
1135	blackfish74	2013-06-04	Aha, that's how we get Blackfish out of the room.Clever.Not sure why he had to be there
1136	ace	2013-06-04	That RW is gutting every time. When I read it I knew from spoilers it was coming and I still threw away the book in flustration. (Yeah, I picked it back up later). And watching it, despite knowing it was coming was still hard. This is one episode I will not be re-watching. Well, ASOIAF is a harsh mistress, and treats us badly, but that's why we love it.
PS Didn't Jayne survive the real one? Or is my memory betraying me?
1137	Dio Forel	2013-06-04	.
					
					
							Edited by Dio Forel, 04 June 2013 - 12:17 AM.
1138	Newstar	2013-06-04	You know, I loved Robb and Talisa's deaths, but a guy casually walking up and slitting Cat had all the drama and horror of a Monty Python skit.It just didn't make me angry, it was just sort of cartoony.Heh. I couldn't help but imagine the "Yoink!" from The Simpsons when I saw that happen.True... But I hate the fact that line is deformed and given to Tyrion...It would be a noce touch if they have given ["the Northerners will never forget"] to one of the girls.That makes no sense, for 3x10 anyway. If they stick with the books, the girls will probably be too catatonic with grief to busy themselves with nifty catchphrases about what the Northerners will or won't remember. Tyrion sees the bigger political picture about the repercussions of the Red Wedding, because he hasn't just lost his remaining family. What do Arya and Sansa care for what "the Northerners" will or won't do? As far as they know, they've just lost the only remaining Northerners they really care about: their mother and brother. Giving either of them that line, at least in 3x10, would make absolutely no sense whatsoever.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 04 June 2013 - 12:25 AM.
1139	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	That RW is gutting every time. When I read it I knew from spoilers it was coming and I still threw away the book in flustration. (Yeah, I picked it back up later). And watching it, despite knowing it was coming was still hard. This is one episode I will not be re-watching. Well, ASOIAF is a harsh mistress, and treats us badly, but that's why we love it.PS Didn't Jayne survive the real one? Or is my memory betraying me?Jeyne did not attend the Red Wedding in the book; she was left at Riverrun; with, I think, the Blackfish.  And she did survive.
1140	Revae	2013-06-04	Only complaint is that Roose looks like a punk, according to so many people.
Roose running around? Seriously? Does anyone who read the books see this guy running, from even 1000 rhino's charging him down, let alone the way he did in last night's ep?
Also the way he stabbed Robb, just jumping in an out. That's not Roose.
Also I always imagined Robb on his knees and Roose stabbing him with a longsword through the chest. Other than that, pretty decent showing. Loving the non-book readers reactions, hilarious.
1141	ace	2013-06-04	I believe in the book that Catelyn killed a minor Frey, some mentally challenged guy who functioned as a jester?  For some reason, they changed that to Walder's latest wife.  I was hoping that, since they changed it from the book, that she would have gone after Walder, himself.  The way the scene was set up, she could have done it fairly easily.That's public entertainment for you. Every villain has to be the worse than he is. And every good guy better than he is. They did the same with with Geoffrey,
1142	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	LS is horrible in the books.  I would certainly be fine without her.I would have been delighted if Cat had stayed dead; and won't miss Lady S. at all if she does not gurgle through sad scenes of vigilante hangings in the next season...
1143	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	Just an opinion, but he is an extension of Robb and the Starks and it is one of the most moving scenes in the series. Grey Wind never steered him wrong. He didn't want Robb to go in, once he is forced to stay behind by the Freys and Robb not wanting to piss of Walder further, it was the skin-crawling moment of the chapter.It was moving in the series how he tried to break loose and tore limbs and whatever to get to Robb. So sad and terrible. Grey Wind is the Stark that most recaps and reviews are forgetting when they list the banner men, Cat, Talisa and baby, and Robb.There are certain things that can get budget cut, but I do wish some monies/time/effort was reserved for this. Really, Nymeria drags out Cat later from the water, the direwolves are so crucial.Poor Grey WInd was shown to go out in a crappy way that he most certainly did not in the book. The "You'll have to kill me to stop me from getting to Robb" theme was so so sad.I have definitely been underwhelmed by the disuse of the direwolves in seasons 2 and 3.  The bond between the wolves and the Starks is central to the ASoIaF storyline; the wolves are not just exotic pets; but a mythic link to magic and wildness.Does anyone else think that Grey Wind looked like a real critter rather than CGI; and also seemed rather small/slight compared to Summer and Shaggydog (who might have been CGI)?
1144	Oakenfist	2013-06-04	Only complaint is that Roose looks like a punk, according to so many people.Roose running around? Seriously? Does anyone who read the books see this guy running, from even 1000 rhino's charging him down, let alone the way he did in last night's ep?Also the way he stabbed Robb, just jumping in an out. That's not Roose.Also I always imagined Robb on his knees and Roose stabbing him with a longsword through the chest. Other than that, pretty decent showing. Loving the non-book readers reactions, hilarious.Who thinks Roose looks like a punk? LOL, what a bunch of misinformation. He ran out because of the of the crossbow bolts that were about to be unloaded indiscriminately at every guest.
1145	ViserionsFire	2013-06-04	The RW was Epic, one of the most disturbing scenes ever put on television. I re-read the chapter a couple of months ago, and the scene played out nearly as I remembered it in the book. I have to give lot's of credit for getting it pitch perfect.  I was watching it with a mother-to-be who was invested in the Stark retribution. She was demoralized.  
I also got goose bumps with the exchanges between Arya and Sandor. "I'm going to put a blade in your eye" Arya must make Clegane wonder what little shedevil he's got on his hands. This young one is someone who talks to him without fear, threatens him, and is able to deter him from being his naturally ruthless self (like how she stopped him from killing the farmer with his goods). Each season, Arya's character has developed exponentially. The first season she was playing the little tough girl. The second season she was living the tough girl to survive the likes of Tywin's bunch.  This season, she has grown beyond the little girl into actually being a young woman that can look into the soul and stare down the toughest man in Westeros. What a future we're going to be getting in the next few seasons
1146	Trinket2	2013-06-04	-Fondling and kissing Talisa right in front of the man who's daughter you broke your marriage vow to. Bright, Robb. And classy, very classy.
-The Blackfish could just as well have stayed in Riverrun considering he spent the entire RW pissing
-Brave crow Jon Snow ran away. Bravely ran away away. When danger reared its ugly head he bravely turned his tail and fled. Without any thought of Ygritte, who just stood there looking sadly after him. It was better handled in the books where it was clear that they were picking sides and where Ygritte shot after him.
-The jump in-cut throat-jump out at the RW looked ridiculous. And Roose running from Cat? Come on.
-"The Lannisters give their regards" would have been much better with "Jaime Lannister sends his regards"
-The "let's name him Eddard!"-scene. Corny. In fact, the entire RW was too much about Robb/Talisa as opposed to the books when it was about Cat/Robb.
-The RW should have been built up more and longer, with more focus on dread than on action. They could have moved other parts of the episode, for example the Sam/Gilly scene. I do like the "oh, shit!"-moment when the Rains of Castamere starts playing, though.
-Minor nitpick: Bolton should have been cooler and less angry when he stabbed Robb.
-Cat should have had her breakdown. Catatonic looked silly. And before somebody gives me the "but that wouldn't have worked on screen" excuse that seems to be used to defend every flaw in this series around here, that's just not true. We've seen breakdowns done on tv before, and I'm certain that the actress playing Cat would be more than well equipped to do it.
The good part: Talisa and her stupid story line is dead! Yay!
					
					
							Edited by Trinket2, 04 June 2013 - 01:04 AM.
1147	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-06-04	Who wants to take bets on whether or not Jon will be the one to kill Ygritte?
1148	nubreed000	2013-06-04	Only complaint is that Roose looks like a punk, according to so many people.Roose running around? Seriously? Does anyone who read the books see this guy running, from even 1000 rhino's charging him down, let alone the way he did in last night's ep?Also the way he stabbed Robb, just jumping in an out. That's not Roose.Also I always imagined Robb on his knees and Roose stabbing him with a longsword through the chest. Other than that, pretty decent showing. Loving the non-book readers reactions, hilarious.I always pictured a spear going through Robb's chest while he's on his knees. And I don't like how they handled the final scenes. Catelyn's last moments were just awkward, and Roose Bolton jumping in and out, like you mentioned, was weird. Would've preferred something that was slower, and showed Roose approaching Robb and looking him in the eye before killing him.Cat's scream and blank stare after seemed so fake...and after that silence some random dude just comes up and slits her throat. Weird.I love the show, but the producers can't seem to execute the most important scenes properly.
1149	Dio Forel	2013-06-04	These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. ****begin incessant compaints... then hundreds of lines later they end*****I am all for criticism.  The RW was the most powerful moment I have ever read.  But you just sounded like the most uptight, cynical, closed-minded, arrogant & outright most irritating person I have ever had to read a comment from.  Damn man stop nitpicking every single aspect of the show.  THE WIND WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BLOWING WEST!!!!  HER HAIR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CURLY NOT STRAIGHT!!!!  THE WEDDING SONG WAS IN A HIGHER KEY THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE!!!!  This isn't the books!!!  I appreciate some of the complaints,  the lack of bannermen mainly.  And the lack of Grey Wind action.  1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.3)  The big connection was between Robb & Catelyn.  The warging capability between Robb & GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.  And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free & save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there & witness it?5)  Robb showed no confusion or despair?  The entire time he was speechless,  lost in the chaos... Yeah I know he wasn't frantic but he was completely dead inside & in shock.  Why the hell else do you think he slowly rose and barely moved?As for Catelyn's death..... she doesn't say anything about the hair.... she THINKS it.... can you please try to comprehend the difference between a book where thoughts are seen textually.... and a TV show where that does not happen.  The reason why so many non-book readers were so moved is because it was a MOVING EPISODE!!  They aren't all uptight and stuck up with only ONE thought on what the episode would be like,  bitching about any little thing different.  This episode was phenomenal.  I read the books multiple times.. and I have the ability to watch something on screen and comprehend it is a different entity than the source material it came from.   I appreciated the similarities... loved the entirety of the episode.... and respected the changes as this is an ADAPTATION.  Stop being so cynical and start treating this like a series that is, for all intents and purposes,  a gift.  Stop going into an episode expecting A, B, C, D then E to happen & just let the episode happen as it is.  People like you are the reason this show could fail:  you are so difficult to be pleased and refuse to just enjoy the damn show.  You have to bash every little thing that is different to you.  Pretend you never read the books.... I bet you wont be so critical.  Sorry if that came off rude.  But dear god I am so sick of seeing overwhelmingly insulting comments that are so clearly exaggerated.  Sure there were disappointments... but to use horrible... and other phrases implying this was the worst episode of the series is flat out ridiculous.  I don't know what shows/episodes you have been watching but you are out of your mind.  The simple fact that you said GW being killed meant nothing to you just shows how up in the clouds on your throne ruling book Westeros you are...  I don't care how it happened in the books... seeing GW trying to break free,  right after seeing Robb is at his final moments,  all while Arya is so close to reuniting with her family & almost close enough to get to GW.... thats compelling and absolutely painful.  Block out ASOIAF,  and step into the world of Game Of Thrones... both are amazing.... but they are two separate things.  The show will never be the books... its physically impossible.  But they've done a damn good job of an adaptation.
1150	ryangibsonstewart	2013-06-04	I am all for criticism.  The RW was the most powerful moment I have ever read.  But you just sounded like the most uptight, cynical, closed-minded, arrogant &amp; outright most irritating person I have ever had to read a comment from.  Damn man stop nitpicking every single aspect of the show.  THE WIND WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BLOWING WEST!!!!  HER HAIR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CURLY NOT STRAIGHT!!!!  THE WEDDING SONG WAS IN A HIGHER KEY THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE!!!!  This isn't the books!!!  I appreciate some of the complaints,  the lack of bannermen mainly.  And the lack of Grey Wind action.  1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.3)  The big connection was between Robb &amp; Catelyn.  The warging capability between Robb &amp; GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.  And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free &amp; save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there &amp; witness it?5)  Robb showed no confusion or despair?  The entire time he was speechless,  lost in the chaos... Yeah I know he wasn't frantic but he was completely dead inside &amp; in shock.  Why the hell else do you think he slowly rose and barely moved?As for Catelyn's death..... she doesn't say anything about the hair.... she THINKS it.... can you please try to comprehend the difference between a book where thoughts are seen textually.... and a TV show where that does not happen.  The reason why so many non-book readers were so moved is because it was a MOVING EPISODE!!  They aren't all uptight and stuck up with only ONE thought on what the episode would be like,  bitching about any little thing different.  This episode was phenomenal.  I read the books multiple times.. and I have the ability to watch something on screen and comprehend it is a different entity than the source material it came from.   I appreciated the similarities... loved the entirety of the episode.... and respected the changes as this is an ADAPTATION.  Stop being so cynical and start treating this like a series that is, for all intents and purposes,  a gift.  Stop going into an episode expecting A, B, C, D then E to happen &amp; just let the episode happen as it is.  People like you are the reason this show could fail:  you are so difficult to be pleased and refuse to just enjoy the damn show.  You have to bash every little thing that is different to you.  Pretend you never read the books.... I bet you wont be so critical.  Sorry if that came off rude.  But dear god I am so sick of seeing overwhelmingly insulting comments that are so clearly exaggerated.  Sure there were disappointments... but to use horrible... and other phrases implying this was the worst episode of the series is flat out ridiculous.  I don't know what shows/episodes you have been watching but you are out of your mind.  The simple fact that you said GW being killed meant nothing to you just shows how up in the clouds on your throne ruling book Westeros you are...  I don't care how it happened in the books... seeing GW trying to break free,  right after seeing Robb is at his final moments,  all while Arya is so close to reuniting with her family &amp; almost close enough to get to GW.... thats compelling and absolutely painful.  Block out ASOIAF,  and step into the world of Game Of Thrones... both are amazing.... but they are two separate things.  The show will never be the books... its physically impossible.  But they've done a damn good job of an adaptation.Well said.
1151	rohit39	2013-06-04	The RW depiction was really good overall! While i could nitpick if i wanted to, i guess i'm just happy it wasn't really bad. 
Did anyone catch the look Roose gave Robb and Talisa at the time when Edmure and Roslin were reciting their oaths to the Seven? I loved the look he had!
And as a side note, Walder Frey on the TV show, as near to perfection as humanly possible. Brilliant.
Very few people seem to be bothered with the other scenes in this episode. Like the whole Jon-Bran-Summer scene at Queenscrown. In the books that scene was quite bloody brilliant. But it was really underplayed on the show. Maybe its almost impossible to get the Direwolves on the show to behave like they do in the books, and while i can grant some leeway for that, but i've seen numerous movies and TV shows with better animal actors, and i'm sure they could do better!
Osha is finally going away. Phew. 
I love the looks Dany and Daario keep giving each other. There seems to be some real good chemistry there already! Although i'm still wondering how  Dany would discover Jorah's betrayal!
1152	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	The RW depiction was really good overall! While i could nitpick if i wanted to, i guess i'm just happy it wasn't really bad.Did anyone catch the look Roose gave Robb and Talisa at the time when Edmure and Roslin were reciting their oaths to the Seven? I loved the look he had!And as a side note, Walder Frey on the TV show, as near to perfection as humanly possible. Brilliant.Very few people seem to be bothered with the other scenes in this episode. Like the whole Jon-Bran-Summer scene at Queenscrown. In the books that scene was quite bloody brilliant. But it was really underplayed on the show. Maybe its almost impossible to get the Direwolves on the show to behave like they do in the books, and while i can grant some leeway for that, but i've seen numerous movies and TV shows with better animal actors, and i'm sure they could do better!Osha is finally going away. Phew.I love the looks Dany and Daario keep giving each other. There seems to be some real good chemistry there already! Although i'm still wondering how  Dany would discover Jorah's betrayal!I'm just happy that the writers remembered that Robb had a wolf named Grey Wind; considering that Robb apparently had no bannermen tough enough to even try to save him (and that we haven't seen Grey Wind since last season if I remember right).  Actually, I thought Grey Wind out-acted Richard Madden when one compares their death scenes.  TV-Walder was excellently cast and acted.  I will never be able to rewatch the Harry Potter movies again without booing whenever Filch appears.  (kept looking for Filch's cat to pop up in Walder's lap or at his feet)Overall, one of the better episodes this season.  I was glad to see Jon finally ditch the Wildlings; especially Ygritte, who bored me in the books and also on TV; and very glad to see him kill Orell.   I liked the Osha/Bran interaction and Yay, Rickon speaks!   Fun times in Yunkai; liked the Jorah/Daario rivalry; poor Jorah is desperately trying to impress Dany (hey, we captured the city!) but she only has eyes for Daario...
1153	Woman of War	2013-06-04	One of the more baffling aspects of Western culture tbh. I wouldn't have minded him getting an axe to the head. Honestly, considering that a pregnant woman just got stabbed in the fucking stomach I'd be really disturbed if that was their main motivation for not showing it......./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> And I admit that all those people writing that the saddest moment was the death of Grey Wind - sorry but he is an animal, just or nearly just like the pigs and lambs they had for dinner and who cried for those!No, Talisa getting stabbed into her pregnant belly and first of all the INCREDIBLE scenes with Fairley's Cat, that hit me. And I think that Arya was so shocked By Grey Wind being killed because she knew what this meant for Robb.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 04 June 2013 - 03:26 AM.
1154	Dormund of Ruddy Hall	2013-06-04	Loved the episode.  My only nitpicks regard the dramatization of Queenscrown.  The problem with adapting any beloved literature to screen is that everyone has a different imagination and therefore no adaptation will play exactly the same on screen as it does in every reader's mind.  The duty ot the viewer is to trust the adaptation as the way that the story played out in the mind of the screenwriter, and as the result of inevitable compromises related to the director's vision, the cinematographer's camera, the actors' portrayals, and the limits imposed on the whole affair by budgets, weather, and the like.  I really appreciate what the whole production is doing with the story and understand that their vision is different than mine.That said, my nitpick about Queenscrown is that I wish the tower had been bigger and had been located in a lake with a submerged causeway leading to it.  The tower used in the episode looked a lot like the windmill the wildlings encountered earlier in the season.  I pictured something like these watchtowers near the cliffs of Mohr in Ireland, but on a small island in a small lake.http://4.bp.blogspot...iffs.Castle.jpgClouds overhead.  The whole scene could have been moodier and more tense than it was.Again, just a nitpick.  Location scouts aren't omnipotent (perhaps such a location just wasn't available), and overall they've done spendidly.  This was the best episode of television I think I've ever seen.
					
					
							Edited by Charles Kuntz, 04 June 2013 - 03:36 AM.
1155	larsberg	2013-06-04	Great episode, really epic.But I can't help but think its all downhill from here. Sure we have a few good episodes lined up for next season but it feels like the RW was the pinnacle. Endless traveling, weird kraken uncles, pig jousting, ninja training, tree dude and naive princes,  nothing with the gravitas of the events of this episode. I'm having post RW let down.t
1156	Balintos	2013-06-04	Michelle Fairley in an interviewAt what point did you learn Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s fate?I read the series so I knew what was coming and I also knew how many years I signed for.Looks like she doesn't have a contract to play Lady Stonehart.
1157	Tony Inchpractice	2013-06-04	This was nothing like I imagined. I thought Robb changed into a wolf-man beast and attacked the Freys? The episode seemed like anti-Frey propaganda to me.
1158	Conchobar	2013-06-04	I am all for criticism.  The RW was the most powerful moment I have ever read.  But you just sounded like the most uptight, cynical, closed-minded, arrogant & outright most irritating person I have ever had to read a comment from.  Damn man stop nitpicking every single aspect of the show.  THE WIND WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BLOWING WEST!!!!  HER HAIR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CURLY NOT STRAIGHT!!!!  THE WEDDING SONG WAS IN A HIGHER KEY THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE!!!!  This isn't the books!!!  I appreciate some of the complaints,  the lack of bannermen mainly.  And the lack of Grey Wind action.  1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.3)  The big connection was between Robb & Catelyn.  The warging capability between Robb & GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.  And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free & save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there & witness it?5)  Robb showed no confusion or despair?  The entire time he was speechless,  lost in the chaos... Yeah I know he wasn't frantic but he was completely dead inside & in shock.  Why the hell else do you think he slowly rose and barely moved?As for Catelyn's death..... she doesn't say anything about the hair.... she THINKS it.... can you please try to comprehend the difference between a book where thoughts are seen textually.... and a TV show where that does not happen.  The reason why so many non-book readers were so moved is because it was a MOVING EPISODE!!  They aren't all uptight and stuck up with only ONE thought on what the episode would be like,  bitching about any little thing different.  This episode was phenomenal.  I read the books multiple times.. and I have the ability to watch something on screen and comprehend it is a different entity than the source material it came from.   I appreciated the similarities... loved the entirety of the episode.... and respected the changes as this is an ADAPTATION.  Stop being so cynical and start treating this like a series that is, for all intents and purposes,  a gift.  Stop going into an episode expecting A, B, C, D then E to happen & just let the episode happen as it is.  People like you are the reason this show could fail:  you are so difficult to be pleased and refuse to just enjoy the damn show.  You have to bash every little thing that is different to you.  Pretend you never read the books.... I bet you wont be so critical.  Sorry if that came off rude.  But dear god I am so sick of seeing overwhelmingly insulting comments that are so clearly exaggerated.  Sure there were disappointments... but to use horrible... and other phrases implying this was the worst episode of the series is flat out ridiculous.  I don't know what shows/episodes you have been watching but you are out of your mind.  The simple fact that you said GW being killed meant nothing to you just shows how up in the clouds on your throne ruling book Westeros you are...  I don't care how it happened in the books... seeing GW trying to break free,  right after seeing Robb is at his final moments,  all while Arya is so close to reuniting with her family & almost close enough to get to GW.... thats compelling and absolutely painful.  Block out ASOIAF,  and step into the world of Game Of Thrones... both are amazing.... but they are two separate things.  The show will never be the books... its physically impossible.  But they've done a damn good job of an adaptation.This says everything I need to say.
1159	Mel_Rose	2013-06-04	This was nothing like I imagined. I thought Robb changed into a wolf-man beast and attacked the Freys? The episode seemed like anti-Frey propaganda to me.You can't trust the media these days; completely biased, man  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1160	Mel_Rose	2013-06-04	I am all for criticism.  The RW was the most powerful moment I have ever read.  But you just sounded like the most uptight, cynical, closed-minded, arrogant & outright most irritating person I have ever had to read a comment from.  Damn man stop nitpicking every single aspect of the show.  THE WIND WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BLOWING WEST!!!!  HER HAIR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CURLY NOT STRAIGHT!!!!  THE WEDDING SONG WAS IN A HIGHER KEY THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE!!!!  This isn't the books!!!  I appreciate some of the complaints,  the lack of bannermen mainly.  And the lack of Grey Wind action.  1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.3)  The big connection was between Robb & Catelyn.  The warging capability between Robb & GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.  And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free & save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there & witness it?5)  Robb showed no confusion or despair?  The entire time he was speechless,  lost in the chaos... Yeah I know he wasn't frantic but he was completely dead inside & in shock.  Why the hell else do you think he slowly rose and barely moved?As for Catelyn's death..... she doesn't say anything about the hair.... she THINKS it.... can you please try to comprehend the difference between a book where thoughts are seen textually.... and a TV show where that does not happen.  The reason why so many non-book readers were so moved is because it was a MOVING EPISODE!!  They aren't all uptight and stuck up with only ONE thought on what the episode would be like,  bitching about any little thing different.  This episode was phenomenal.  I read the books multiple times.. and I have the ability to watch something on screen and comprehend it is a different entity than the source material it came from.   I appreciated the similarities... loved the entirety of the episode.... and respected the changes as this is an ADAPTATION.  Stop being so cynical and start treating this like a series that is, for all intents and purposes,  a gift.  Stop going into an episode expecting A, B, C, D then E to happen & just let the episode happen as it is.  People like you are the reason this show could fail:  you are so difficult to be pleased and refuse to just enjoy the damn show.  You have to bash every little thing that is different to you.  Pretend you never read the books.... I bet you wont be so critical.  Sorry if that came off rude.  But dear god I am so sick of seeing overwhelmingly insulting comments that are so clearly exaggerated.  Sure there were disappointments... but to use horrible... and other phrases implying this was the worst episode of the series is flat out ridiculous.  I don't know what shows/episodes you have been watching but you are out of your mind.  The simple fact that you said GW being killed meant nothing to you just shows how up in the clouds on your throne ruling book Westeros you are...  I don't care how it happened in the books... seeing GW trying to break free,  right after seeing Robb is at his final moments,  all while Arya is so close to reuniting with her family & almost close enough to get to GW.... thats compelling and absolutely painful.  Block out ASOIAF,  and step into the world of Game Of Thrones... both are amazing.... but they are two separate things.  The show will never be the books... its physically impossible.  But they've done a damn good job of an adaptation. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1161	aFeastForDragons	2013-06-04	Did anyone else thing Roose was about to give Cat a gift when she was looking at his hand. That would have been epic and brought the whole scene to a new level.
1162	Obsidian Knight	2013-06-04	I've waited for this episode and it was well done. The ending brought tears in my eyes though I knew what was gonna happen. The way how Freys killed Talisa added even more tragedy to this massacre.
Though it's so sad and disturbing to watch Starks die, the revenge will come, I believe it. The North remembers.
1163	The_Lone_Direwolf	2013-06-04	1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.3)  The big connection was between Robb & Catelyn.  The warging capability between Robb & GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.  And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free & save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there & witness it?Poor GreyWind was a bit short changed, in the book he goes out fighting, tearing out Frey throats and taking names, like Dany's black dragon Drogon he is meant to be the biggest and most badass of the Direwolves, he's the Alpha. Was very sad when he died.He was basically murdered in a pen. At least if he fights he goes out the warrior he is.You don't need to show him being killed, just have Arya let him out (someone does in the books because the Freys won't let him in the castle) he kills some Freys, some crossbow guys run up and fire and you hear a yelp off screen and maybe him starring at Arya like in the show. It was probably more of a budget thing and that wolves are difficult to film.I thought afterwards, and this will be a little controversial because it isn't in the books but it would have been great that in their dying states Robb and Greywind made a real connection. As dying Greywind was starring at Arya it cuts to Robb inside and he says to himself "Arya" but kinda not understand why. That would have been pretty powerful and related directly to what Jojen says to Bran earlier in the ep that warging "is in his blood"...
1164	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-06-04	I know people have mentioned this, but I don't get the completely arbitrary change of the musicians being good.
1165	harsha_nails	2013-06-04	Robb's banner men not fighting back at all was a big let down for me. Also, Robb getting stabbed could have done much much better.Overall I think it is very difficult to portray the RW chapter on screen but they did a commendable job
1166	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	I know people have mentioned this, but I don't get the completely arbitrary change of the musicians being good.It wasn't an arbitrary change. They made the episode so it wasn't obvious that something is wrong which means that they remove the tip of that the musicians are bad, among some other things. I guess it also plays in with the medium since we actually have to listen to the band for quite some time during the show.
1167	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	I think they should have kept Grey Wind's death like it was in the books; we don't see it happen, and a character tells another character about it in the next episode.
1168	polishgenius	2013-06-04	I guess it also plays in with the medium since we actually have to listen to the band for quite some time during the show.This is the main reason. An off-key band is very likely just going to sound amusing if we actually hear it. That would have killed the tension.I don't think 'didn't want to give away something was wrong' was part of it - that it was The Rains of Castamere and Cat's expression told that story plenty.
1169	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	This is the main reason. An off-key band is very likely just going to sound amusing if we actually hear it. That would have killed the tension.I don't think 'didn't want to give away something was wrong' was part of it - that it was The Rains of Castamere and Cat's expression told that story plenty.The part of giving it away that something is wrong is far before they start playing The Rains. When they play that song it's irrelevant if they play badly as the song is an intended giveaway from the Freys. I'm referring to having the band play poorly during the entire feast, which is what Cat notes in the book.
1170	Conchobar	2013-06-04	Posted this somewhere else but just wanted to repeat it here, without going to the effort of writing it out again. I'm lazy.The most heartbreaking part of the episode was the silent moment between Robb and Cat, that could have lasted a lifetime in their minds, as he mumbles "mother", he became her little boy again, his manly leader facade had fallen away, and we saw how young he really was, right up until Roose stabbed him.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 04 June 2013 - 06:38 AM.
1171	kitkat	2013-06-04	I still think Lady Stoneheart will be in the show.  I think she's essentail to at least part of the story, and I think her upcoming scene with Jaime in TWOW is going to be huge. In the book, we know it's UnCat, but I believe (and I'll have to go back and re-read) only a few (Thoros and the now dead Beric) actually know who she really is.  The rest just refer to her as Lady Stoneheart and ahve no clue.  And as much as I'd like to see Michelle Fairley portray Lady Stoneheart, I think it's unnecessary...the actress will have so much makeup on and wear a cloak that covers much of her anyway.  And as for lines, she's barely understandable as it is.
As for this episode, I thought it was done very well.  My only problem was the reason why Blackfish was removed.  I think the writers should ahve just left him at Riverrun and given him more dignity and likeability.  Really?  A hero like the Blackfish spends the whole Red Wedding peeing and doesn't make any attempt to save his King or family?  I think the writers did not do his character justice,  But other than that, I think the writers are doing an excellent job.
1172	Crazeejezza	2013-06-04	And this is significant why? Is that where they left Hot Pie? Or is it where Brienne runs into Gendry later? Can someone more familiar with the books let me know?It's where Sandor and Arya kill 3 of Gregor's men, and Arya gets Needle back in the book.
1173	Cruella	2013-06-04	That was awesome.
When they stabbed Talissa, instead of "No, Talissa" I went "Yes, Talissa!" that was nice and gruesome. My second thought was that now there would be no added rape scenes or anything (which I was worried about after Walder's creepy speech), which, despite wanting RW to look as traumatic as possible I would NOT want to see.
Michelle Farley was MVP, she made the episode.
Walder Frey was awesome too, how greedily he was drinking from his cup! You coudl tell he was looking forward to it as much as I was.
And I liked how Roose Bolton, cold bastard, just looked back at Catelyn, all "Well, whatcha gonna do. And yes, we're killing y'all".
1174	Darryk	2013-06-04	I think they should have kept Grey Wind's death like it was in the books; we don't see it happen, and a character tells another character about it in the next episode.No ways IMO, Grey Wind's death was brilliantly handled. Having Arya actually see it, and the shot of Grey Wind's eyes closing was heartbreaking.My only problem was the lack of screentime Grey Wind actually had up to that moment.
					
					
							Edited by Darryk, 04 June 2013 - 07:02 AM.
1175	Retorus	2013-06-04	I think the show suffers b/c the writers and D & D will not allow characters to have an internal monologue.That wouldn't work at all.
1176	jmk51	2013-06-04	Lack of Bannermen... didn't change anything.
Lack of Direwolf action... didn't change anything.
Everyone has the right to nitpick incessantly, but you have to remember the long game, ie, telling the story.  10 episodes per year, cramming in a lot of material, while trying to stay as true as possible to the story while making it compelling to a wide group of audiences.
It costs nothing, literally, for GRRM to sit down and type out thousands of pages in a book.  Its a considerable cost to take those words and put them on a screen.
1177	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Lack of Bannermen... didn't change anything.Lack of Direwolf action... didn't change anything.Everyone has the right to nitpick incessantly, but you have to remember the long game, ie, telling the story.  10 episodes per year, cramming in a lot of material, while trying to stay as true as possible to the story while making it compelling to a wide group of audiences.It costs nothing, literally, for GRRM to sit down and type out thousands of pages in a book.  Its a considerable cost to take those words and put them on a screen.It did.It turned the Red Wedding into a Romeo and Juliet love story tragedy where the young couple in love are murdered, with the focus on the love story.Lack of Northern bannermen erases the fact that the North is still loyal to the Starks, that multiple people died trying to save Robb Stark's life at the Red Wedding instead of having them all slaughered without much ability to fight back with the only person trying to save Robb being his mum.  There would have been no cost issue to give 2 or 3 Northerners some screen time this season [instead of Shae or Ros or Pod] and then have them die heroically at the RW.Lack of direwolf action is a shame because it robs Greywind of the heroic death he had and it reduces the link between the Starks and the wolves, but plot wise its not a big deal.
1178	teemo	2013-06-04	I think there was most likely a cut scene with Wymen Manderly in it because he was there, but so briefly that it's verrrry easy to miss him.  I can't imagine they cast him just for that.  Shame too, would have liked to have seen an interaction with at least one non-family/non-traitor bannerman.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 07:28 AM.
1179	White Harbors Wrath	2013-06-04	Why do people think Roose is running from Cat? Isn't it glaringly obvious that the the charade is over and he's hauling ass to avoid becoming a pin cushion?
1180	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I think there was most likely a cut scene with Wymen Manderly in it because he was there, but so briefly that it's verrrry easy to miss him.  I can't imagine they cast him just for that.  Shame too, would have liked to have seen an interaction with at least one non-family/non-traitor bannerman.I did miss him, LOL.  I was looking for him because I read on here he was cast, but never saw him during the show.
1181	madprofessah	2013-06-04	I still think Lady Stoneheart will be in the show.  I think she's essentail to at least part of the story, and I think her upcoming scene with Jaime in TWOW is going to be huge. In the book, we know it's UnCat, but I believe (and I'll have to go back and re-read) only a few (Thoros and the now dead Beric) actually know who she really is.  The rest just refer to her as Lady Stoneheart and ahve no clue.  And as much as I'd like to see Michelle Fairley portray Lady Stoneheart, I think it's unnecessary...the actress will have so much makeup on and wear a cloak that covers much of her anyway.  And as for lines, she's barely understandable as it is.But if Michelle Fairley isn't playing Lady Stoneheart how will the Unsullied know that the character is actually Catelyn Stark? (Although I could see that as a very cool reveal sometime in Season 4 with a guest appearance by Fairley.) I think it is imperative that Lady Stoneheart be part of the show, which I think they could improve on the books' treatment of her. One of the reasons I kept on reading the books after the devastating blow of the Red Wedding was knowing that Catelyn was still around in some form.I think there are a lot of readers (and now, many MANY more show watchers) who are continuing with the story in the hopes of seeing just how the Starks are avenged or at the very least how the Lannisters (and now the Freys) get their comeuppance. From the books we know that some bad things have happened to the Lannisters (Jaime's hand, Purple Wedding, Tyrion's revenge, Cersei's trials) but none of those have been due to actions by Starks or their bannermen. And none of them directly in response to the Red Wedding. (I have only read the books once so I may have missed something in AFOC or ADWD.)I know that ASOIAF is too complex to have "good guys" and "bad guys" but for me my favorite characters are Jon Snow and Arya because if their connections to the Starks, Bran (because his abilities are cool!) and Tyrion because he's the smartest character. Dany used to be #1 on the list but after ADWD she's probably #5 on my list. It's interesting to see how D&D are going to depict these characters and whether (or how much) they are going to alter the central DNA or themes of the story.They could probably still maintain the main ideas of GRRM's version of ASOIAF without Lady Stoneheart, but it would be a significant diminution of the emotional power of the series as a whole, in my mind.
					
					
							Edited by madprofessah, 04 June 2013 - 07:38 AM.
1182	teemo	2013-06-04	Why do people think Roose is running from Cat? Isn't it glaringly obvious that the the charade is over and he's hauling ass to avoid becoming a pin cushion?The directing should be more clear since enough people are thinking like that.  It might be super obvious to lots of viewers, but with the amount of people mis-watching it I'm putting the blame on the show.  I did miss him, LOL.  I was looking for him because I read on here he was cast, but never saw him during the show.Like another poster here said, if you blink you'll miss him /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 07:39 AM.
1183	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	I thought the RW was masterfully done. I have a few nipticks and few things that I wished they have done differently but I am more and more realizing that they are completely irrelevant since the scene captured the atmosphere from the book almost exactly.
It happens to me often that I think that the scene could have been better if they said or did this or that but I think I am probably just fooling myself. After all the writers/directors do many takes of every scene and make different variations before they decide on the final product. There is a good chance that they actually tried the scene with "Rains" playing the whole time or with the drum or with silence or with Roose stabbing Robb from behind or with some extra lines from the book etc. but it did not work that well or destroyed the atmosphere so they didn't go for it.
					
					
							Edited by Hangover of the Morning, 04 June 2013 - 07:46 AM.
1184	mynameisJamie	2013-06-04	There would have been no cost issue to give 2 or 3 Northerners some screen time this season [instead of Shae or Ros or Pod] and then have them die heroically at the RW.Lack of direwolf action is a shame because it robs Greywind of the heroic death he had and it reduces the link between the Starks and the wolvesI agree, the fact that this is the most memorable scene in all of the ASOIAF series - it slightly annoys me when I think of all the pointless and boring scenes with certain characters.All it would take is a few actors to play young lords who are seen 2-3 times through out the season/cgi money spent on greywind actually being seen with Robb 'the young wolf' Stark to make the scene better.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Stark, 04 June 2013 - 07:48 AM.
1185	Janicia	2013-06-04	Minor quibble:
In the book it felt like the Northeners at least put up a little fight and that there was a fair amount of chaos in the hall.  In the show, it felt more like watching the bodies pile up at the end of Hamlet.  I guess mostly I missed the big drunk Umber flipping tables and proving hard to subdue. 
Catelyn, Talisa, and Robb were lovely <U+0080><U+0093> just a shame that they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have more memorable entourage.
1186	MachoGrande	2013-06-04	The taking of Yunkai with Jorah and friends slaughtering tons of enemy attackers felt so out of place - it felt as though I was watching Spartacus. Not that Spartacus is bad but it has a totally different grasp on fighting than GoT. Martin especially goes a great way to stress how difficult it is to fight agains multiple opponents at once, but I guess the series has to be made more "cinematic". Also the jump from "oh shit we're surrounded" to "the city is yours" was abrupt and confusing as hell. The second wave of reinforcements was totally unnecessary, but if they insisted on it, they should have kept it going to show Jorah opening the gate while Grey Worm and Daario were holding them off or something.Also did someone else notice this fundamental change in Robbs character? In the TV series, Robb dies not because he is so similar to Ned, but for the exact opposite: Ned Stark would never have married "for love" if it meant to break his vows. Thus, people always bringing up the "Robb was just too honorauble to survive" in reviews doesn't feel right when it was actually NOT being honourable that led to his death.Whereas in the books, he had deflowered and thus dishonored a noble lady and therefore had to marry her, chosing Jeyne's reputation and honor over his own (so to speak) because he was the one responsible for her situation. Of course, there are other possible interpretations of the books but this is the most prominent one and the most agreed one.
					
					
							Edited by MachoGrande, 04 June 2013 - 08:32 AM.
1187	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-04	Posted this somewhere else but just wanted to repeat it here, without going to the effort of writing it out again. I'm lazy.The most heartbreaking part of the episode was the silent moment between Robb and Cat, that could have lasted a lifetime in their minds, as he mumbles "mother", he became her little boy again, his manly leader facade had fallen away, and we saw how young he really was, right up until Roose stabbed him. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  That and her pleading with him to leave, knowing its hopeless. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1188	MachoGrande	2013-06-04	The directing should be more clear since enough people are thinking like that.  It might be super obvious to lots of viewers, but with the amount of people mis-watching it I'm putting the blame on the show.  I don't think the issue is not Roose "running off" per se, but more the way he did it. Roose Bolton does not simply flee like a frightened child or some random coward, he's far too awsome for that xD And yes, the directing wasn't really splendind, since the first impression you get when you watch the scene is that Roose is running because he's been hit by Cat and is afraid to actually get tangled up in the fighting.
1189	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	The taking of Yunkai with Jorah and friends slaughtering tons of enemy attackers felt so out of place - it felt as though I was watching Spartacus. Not that Spartacus is bad but it has a totally different grasp on fighting than GoT. Martin especially goes a great way to stress how difficult it is to fight agains multiple opponents at once, but I guess the series has to be made more "cinematic". Also the jump from "oh shit we're surrounded" to "the city is yours" was abrupt and confusing as hell. The second wave of reinforcements was totally unnecessary, but if they insisted on it, they should have kept it going to show Jorah opening the gate while Grey Worm and Daario were holding them off or something.Found the fight scene super-fun, but out of place. I agree the conclusion was awkward, really the first false notes of Dany's S3 thread. I wish this could have been a Stark/Snow-only episode, but they may have wanted to avoid telegraphing the ending with a little, "see, there's other stuff going on, too,  the wedding is just a sideshow..."
1190	Maizel	2013-06-04	I get why Roose ran away. After Catelyn shouts 'Robb' the gig is up,  and Roose, is standing right next to one of the primary targets,  with alot of Frey cronies about to rain down bolts. I would have gotten clear as well until the dirty work was mostly done.
As for Lady Stoneheart,  I think she will be in,  otherwise the Beric revival would have been a loose end. 
I am doubting whether Fairley will play as Ladt Stoneheart though,  or whether they;ll go with some cheaper choice.  I'm sure Uncat gives them a alittle leeway in make-up,  veils whatever.
1191	jmk51	2013-06-04	It did.It turned the Red Wedding into a Romeo and Juliet love story tragedy where the young couple in love are murdered, with the focus on the love story.Lack of Northern bannermen erases the fact that the North is still loyal to the Starks, that multiple people died trying to save Robb Stark's life at the Red Wedding instead of having them all slaughered without much ability to fight back with the only person trying to save Robb being his mum.  There would have been no cost issue to give 2 or 3 Northerners some screen time this season [instead of Shae or Ros or Pod] and then have them die heroically at the RW.Lack of direwolf action is a shame because it robs Greywind of the heroic death he had and it reduces the link between the Starks and the wolves, but plot wise its not a big deal.So, the plot is still the same, no?  North is basically done for a while, and a wolf is still dead.  Do any of the people that haven't read the book think the north isn't done for?  Then mission accomplished.
1192	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	As for Lady Stoneheart,  I think she will be in,  otherwise the Beric revival would have been a loose end.I am doubting whether Fairley will play as Ladt Stoneheart though,  or whether they;ll go with some cheaper choice.  I'm sure Uncat gives them a alittle leeway in make-up,  veils whatever.Boy I hope they don't cast anyone else as Stoneheart. How many scenes does she have? Surely Fairley could be convinced to shoot a handful of scenes over the next couple of seasons.  It has to be her to have the righteous feeling of vengeance against the Freys, and also the "she's still alive! err, that's not really her anymore.." queasiness that gives Stoneheart her essence.
1193	larsberg	2013-06-04	These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. Let me begin by saying this is my least favorite episode of the entire series and I am utterly disappointed. Benioff and Weiss were the whole reason I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire to begin with. Game of Thrones inspired me to pick up a novel and finish it for the very first time in my nineteen years of life. That novel in turn inspired me to read four more after that. I trusted them completely with this. The Red Wedding was their ultimate goal in the series and they've said it from the start. I am still in disbelief that they would butcher it so badly but I digress. Onto business.1. Robb's arrival at the Twins was an event in and of itself. His arrival and his death should have been spread out between two episodes as it was in the books with two successive Catelyn chapters. The entire event happened way too fast. For those who have not read the books, Greywind (Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s direwolf who has been largely missing from the show until randomly appearing in a KENNEL this episode) attacks some Freys in the rain as they greet the Starks to their castle. Robb, going through great pains to appease Walder Frey, decides to CHAIN his trusty direwolf outside (not in a damned dog kennel). Throughout their time at the Twins, Greywind howls in despair, sensing what is to come.2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy. She should not have been killed off. I<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill the Blackfish as well. How do they explain what he was even doing while his niece and great nephew (KING) were being slaughtered? I suppose he has magically escaped the castle and all the carnage outside to return to Riverrun, where he will most certainly be needed in the future for Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.4. Another thing that makes Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death less bleak is his childish disgruntlement towards Walder Frey throughout the episode. At this point in the books, Robb is genuinely sorry for what he did to his house and wants to make amends. He sustains every slight Walder throws at him without a flinch and handles himself extremely well at the Twins in the face of every petulant Frey. It<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to feel sorry for him here with those petty school boy heroics.5. Most of the deaths in this episode were incredibly underwhelming compared to the deaths in A Storm of Swords. This was for many reasons, unfortunately. First of all, overly dramatic music was being played over everything when we should have been treated to nothing but the Rains of Castamere slowly digressing into the boom doom boom of the musicians<U+0080><U+0099> drums. Secondly, Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s actor did an absolutely horrible job at displaying any sort of confusion, shock, fear, or despair. I heard he cried after he discovered how his character was to be killed but you never would have guessed he actually cared from his performance.Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s actor was MORE than capable of carrying out some of the horrific things G.R.R. Martin described in his books but for whatever reason, Benioff and Weiss decided to stray for something far drabber. Going catatonic may sound like a proper reaction to the soul crushing sight of what you think is your only surviving child being killed in front of you but when Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s scream fades out and she just stands there motionless, it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deliver the jarring reaction her death deserves. It looks more as if she just accepts it and stops struggling. In the books, she scratches her face to ribbons as she screams bloody murder and the Freys waste no time in apprehending her by the hair. As her braid is yanked back, she thinks <U+0080><U+009C>No, not my hair! Ned loves my hair!<U+0080><U+009D> This would have been absolutely perfect had those been her last words. She literally goes mad with grief but viewers simply can<U+0080><U+0099>t grasp the extent of that grief without lines such as this.Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s (Talisa<U+0080><U+0099>s) death, besides being totally uncanon, took away from the relationship between mother and son. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be about Jeyne or Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s child. It was supposed to be about Catelyn and HER child. This is the relationship we had come to understand in-depth from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s perspective since the first book. Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family were also supposed to be suspected conspirators in the Red Wedding. Their daughter was not planned to be killed along with the Starks despite Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s alleged devotion to Robb. As I mentioned before, a huge plot element hinges on her and her baby. By the fifth book, Blackfish holds Riverrun against the Lannisters with Jeyne tight under guard. He defends her with his life. Why would he do this if not to protect an heir? Now what are they going to come up with when G.R.R. Martin reveals Jeyne is pregnant with the King in the North<U+0080><U+0099>s son?Forget the main characters for a second; part of the horror of the Red Wedding was that so many people you were starting to like were all being slaughtered like farm animals. It is too much to expect to see minor characters such as Dacey Mormont and Smalljon Umber but surely their roles could have been replaced with existing characters in the show. Characters who, in the books, did not matter much. Lopping off the Greatjon<U+0080><U+0099>s head in place of his son<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been an excellent deviation as the Greatjon is supposed to be held captive then hardly ever mentioned again. Instead, we watch a bunch of bearded men who we<U+0080><U+0099>ve never even seen before being killed in humdrum fashions. No crossbow bolts through the mouth, no beheadings; none of that.I doubt it would have had an impact anyway since the gore in this episode was completely unrealistic and tainted by Hollywood action movies. People do not instantly lose consciousness when their throat is cut then fall to the floor dead. When your esophagus is severed, you lose the ability to breathe through your mouth/nose and begin breathing out of a hole in your neck. This is largely impossible though since the wound bleeds profusely, clogging your esophagus with fluids. You essentially drown on your own blood in a panic, making all sorts of horrible snorting noises for up to three minutes. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not even sure G.R.R. Martin was aware of this before writing the Red Wedding but slitting throats was never described as one fell graze upon the neck. Catelyn SAWED through this person<U+0080><U+0099>s throat until they died. Stabbing a person in their heart is another matter but looks like Bolton missed the mark! Roose had a tiny dagger in place of a longsword and apparently decided to stab Robb in the lower part of his lung (causing instant death<U+0080> ?).While all this is happening inside the castle, the Stark host outside is supposed to be burning to death by the masses as a result of giant feast tents rigged to catch fire and collapse on top of them. Rather than depict the elaborate trap G.R.R. Martin conceived, it is simply implied all the Stark men outside are put to the sword. Good thing the viewers have no idea how many Stark men there are in comparison to Bolton men or else they would surely question the effectiveness of an open, armed conflict.  6. Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s performance here was a huge disappointment. I was setting my expectations high assuming this actor would be the one to do everything right. I was thoroughly enjoying his portrayal of the Leech Lord up until this point. He seemed so smug whereas in the books, he barely made an attempt to talk to anyone. He played his part perfectly while most of the Freys were a nervous wreck. But he was never cheeky about it. Here, he looks like he<U+0080><U+0099>s taking great pleasure in taunting the Starks as if he hates them. Roose is a man who plays for the winning team and takes no particular joy in betrayal. He just accepts that it<U+0080><U+0099>s practical and carries out his atrocities without guilt. In addition to screwing up his behavior, the actor got his body movements all wrong as well. Roose is supposed to glide in and out of the hall as confident and smooth as can be. Here, he darts around, ducking his head and lunging out of harm<U+0080><U+0099>s way. It<U+0080><U+0099>s just so unlike the Lord of the Dreadfort. But most importantly, he says to Robb just before he stabs him <U+0080><U+009C>the LANNISTERS send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but WHY did you change that from <U+0080><U+009C>the Kingslayer sends his regards?<U+0080><U+009D> WHY do you think G.R.R. Martin set it up that way?! Cat is supposed to believe Jaime had a hand in her son<U+0080><U+0099>s demise from that statement. Cat FREED Jaime so she instantly thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s killed her own son with her foolish actions. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to believe that Jaime betrayed her later on in the series but of course viewers will never catch on to this.7. Lastly, Sandor & Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s story was poorly done here. Arya was supposed to be desperate trying to get into the Twins despite all the bloodshed so that she could see her mother and brother once again. The Hound somehow managed to knock her out and carry her off unseen without a fret but in the books, it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fight for survival. Frey men attack them and Sandor has to kill a few with an axe before Arya makes a run for it. Just as she<U+0080><U+0099>s about to reach the castle, the Hound hits her atop the head. It would have been a much more emotional scene to see Arya kicking and screaming as Sandor tries to subdue her like it was in A Storm of Swords.I was so hyped up for this moment ever since I read it in the books. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t tell you how immensely let down I am. This was meant to be the most significant event in the entire series and I do not feel they did it justice by any means. Viewers of the show will never know how much better it could have been; how much better it should have been. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not done with the series but I can definitely say now that I prefer G.R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s works over Benioff and Weiss<U+0080><U+0099>s any day. If they would just stick to the damned books instead of making their own changes all the time, I<U+0080><U+0099>d be happy. Cut what you need to but don<U+0080><U+0099>t add things that were never written down by the author. That<U+0080><U+0099>s rule No.1 of any adaption. I can only see this getting worse as the story progresses. Unless the producers get back on track and start doing things the way they should have done all along, I have no more hope left for Game of Thrones. I was also a little disappointed with the RW. It didn't hit me as much as the book did.But I wouldn't dismiss Benioff and Weiss rewriting  yet. Because they also added amazing scenes which were not in the books e.g chair sequence with the small council, Mill dialog between Rob & Edmund.As good as the writing of R.R. Martin is, after SoS and the killing of Tywin the story goes downhill. It felt like "Lost" after season 3. The story is going in circels and there are many new characters added for them i cant care less.If Benioff and Weiss can improve on that, everything is forgiven.
1194	Cadiva	2013-06-04	Have heard from a few people that the Greatjohn had a falling out with the producers or something and that is why he is no longer on the show.As far as I understand it, Clive Mantel had other commitments so wouldn't have been available to shoot during Season Two.
1195	jmk51	2013-06-04	I was also a little disappointed with the RW. It didn't hit me as much as the book did.But I wouldn't dismiss Benioff and Weiss rewriting  yet. Because they also added amazing scenes which were not in the books e.g chair sequence with the small council, Mill dialog between Rob & Edmund.As good as the writing of R.R. Martin is, after SoS and the killing of Tywin the story goes downhill. It felt like "Lost" after season 3. The story is going in circels and there are many new characters added for them i cant care less.If Benioff and Weiss can improve on that, everything is forgiven.Is that a fair standard to hold someone to?  A shocking plot twist didn't impact me as much the second time?  Unless someone invents one of those memory erasers from MIB, we'll never be able to figure out which one is more impactful, and it would vary based on the person viewing/reading.I'm sure many people thought the sword to the unborn child was much more shocking and unforgiving than what happened in the books.
1196	cybobbie	2013-06-04	Well I had to come late for the discussions because the forum was down for me till now. Awesome episode IMO, really well done. Michele nailed it and I liked that she ended in a catatonic way despite some complaints that I've read here in the forum. I think that the impact was much greater, at least for me.Of course that this can affect the way Lady Stoneheart looks - but again they can change that with the way on how they deal with her body after she is thrown in the river.
Despite all the preparation for the scene with the music, doors being shut, Cat's sense that something bad was about to come, the stabbing on Talise was a shock (and I didn't even care about Talisa. Here my only complaint was the fact that she was pregnant and wanted to name their son Eddard.
The rest of the episode was also great, loved Rickon scene, very touching and The Hound with Arya was also cool, specially the scene with the old trader. Can't wait for the season finale.
1197	Cadiva	2013-06-04	Poor GreyWind was a bit short changed, in the book he goes out fighting, tearing out Frey throats and taking namesIn the book he kills four Frey wolfhounds and bites off the arm of a single man. I'm not sure where this almost mythical idea of him taking out dozens of Freys trying to get to Robb comes from but it ain't the books.Grey Wind kills dozens of Lannister troops during the Battles of Whispering Woods and also at Oxcross but at the Twins he is felled by dozens of Frey crossbowmen.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 04 June 2013 - 09:18 AM.
1198	Dragonstoned	2013-06-04	At least this frees up all the Stark fans to join the church of Stannis next season.
1199	PuzzleTime	2013-06-04	Remember people....it's nearly ZERO expense to WRITE all this stuff into a story.  Putting it into TV is another beast all together. 
Why didn't Cat claw her face to ribbons?  Because that make-up effect will have to be reproduced again and again, which means $$$.  Give these guys a break and stop being spoiled children. 
Just a quick glance; the GoT audios books (5 of them) come in around 180 hours of read time at a listening pace.  TV has given us about 30 hours.  Expect things to be a bit flat if you have read the books already.
1200	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	Found the fight scene super-fun, but out of place. I agree the conclusion was awkward, really the first false notes of Dany's S3 thread. I wish this could have been a Stark/Snow-only episode, but they may have wanted to avoid telegraphing the ending with a little, "see, there's other stuff going on, too,  the wedding is just a sideshow..."This episode was pretty much the inverse of Blackwater. It had all the storylines Blackwater didn't and none of the ones it did.Remember people....it's nearly ZERO expense to WRITE all this stuff into a story.  Putting it into TV is another beast all together.Why didn't Cat claw her face to ribbons?  Because that make-up effect will have to be reproduced again and again, which means $$$.  Give these guys a break and stop being spoiled children.Just a quick glance; the GoT audios books (5 of them) come in around 180 hours of read time at a listening pace.  TV has given us about 30 hours.  Expect things to be a bit flat if you have read the books already.Personally I liked Cat not scratching her face and instead just dying inside. It feels foreshadowing and I don't think scratching her face is that important. It's a highly unusual way to react and probably harder not to play into melodrama.
1201	Rockroi	2013-06-04	Remember people....it's nearly ZERO expense to WRITE all this stuff into a story.  Putting it into TV is another beast all together.Why didn't Cat claw her face to ribbons?  Because that make-up effect will have to be reproduced again and again, which means $$$.  Give these guys a break and stop being spoiled children.Just a quick glance; the GoT audios books (5 of them) come in around 180 hours of read time at a listening pace.  TV has given us about 30 hours.  Expect things to be a bit flat if you have read the books already.I agree with this in many ways.  I 3will say I would not say "flat"; just different.
1202	Honey Badger	2013-06-04	Remember people....it's nearly ZERO expense to WRITE all this stuff into a story.  Putting it into TV is another beast all together.Why didn't Cat claw her face to ribbons?  Because that make-up effect will have to be reproduced again and again, which means $$$.  Give these guys a break and stop being spoiled children.Just a quick glance; the GoT audios books (5 of them) come in around 180 hours of read time at a listening pace.  TV has given us about 30 hours.  Expect things to be a bit flat if you have read the books already.That's a good way to put it.  If you treat the books as a minute a page, D&D had to trim an incredible amount to fit their small HBO budget.  Even though HBO is investing what they can into the show, it's obvious they can't afford the billions involved to really show everything from the books.
1203	lostinasia	2013-06-04	Why didn't Cat claw her face to ribbons?  Because that make-up effect will have to be reproduced again and again, which means $$$.True, but I'm also one of those in the camp thinking the hysterical madness wouldn't have translated well to screen. Sobbing and clawing the face just isn't how we "do" madness in TV or in film these days, and it'd probably look as out of place as a Prince Valiant haircut or 80s hair or book-Dario doing whatever the heck he does with his beard. Yeah, it's kind of silly that we tend to judge what's "realistic" by our very contemporary aesthetic standards rather than those of twenty years ago or twenty years hence, but that's the way we think. Colourful banners and pageantry would probably have a similar effect: "I want my gritty Game of Thrones, not some Men in Tights Errol Flynn Robin Hood crap!"One point on the impending doom in this episode: I think the show displayed plenty of foreshadowing - just the right amount, I'd say, along with just the right amount of levity to make you think everything was going to be OK. Yes, the book has much more foreboding, but that's because we see the event through Cat's POV, and by that time Cat is becoming (justifiably!) paranoid, and definitely unreliable as a narrator: we know that SHE is very nervous, but we're not entirely sure if she's just overdoing it, or if she's really on to something. I don't think an impartial 3rd person POV would be successful at providing so much warning without also giving the game away - and the TV show is much more that impartial view. For example, there's no way they could have shown Grey Wind complaining: that would have completely revealed that something was up, given that TV show animals are usually far more prescient than any human character.Grey Wind's death: disappointing but in retrospect perfect. Arya once again unable to help anyone she cares about; Grey Wind dying exactly as Robb did, shot down in a cage, with no chance to fight. (Plus it saves money, and to be honest I'm increasingly thinking that keeping the dire wolves away from interactions with humans is a good idea. They're just not looking that good.)I do wish there had been a few familiar bannermen getting killed - as others on the board have mentioned, keeping a few almost-lineless extras around (like Steve/Scott/whatever on Lost) would have been a very good idea. For future plot developments, the missing bannermen don't matter at all: "I will join you, Lord Stannis, not because I support you, but because my son perished in the Twins - and the North remembers." That's all they need in a season or two. But for emotional impact, I wish they'd been there.
1204	Lord Bronn of Sunspear	2013-06-04	A lot of really good points posted here, especially the defense by Dio Forel (ill spare you the long quote for the 7th or 8th time, but really well put)
So glad i had the chance to watch alone before my unsullied gf was off work. As soon as Talisa said "Eddard", the tears started flowing, and the cat would have been out of the bag.
All in all, stellar! Granted, they could have done this or that to make it more like the books, but it came through gloriously.
Also, im on the wagon with more Rickon and Osha screen time. Yes, i know they arent mentioned for close to 3 books, but that didnt stop Theon from making an appearance. I have a feeling theyll have great or smalljon foster Rickon like a true northener.
"We're not Southrons!"
1205	-Ghost-	2013-06-04	I think were gonna see the head switch next episode
1206	Nanaki	2013-06-04	Only Ygritte and Tormund survived ? Thenn warriors are missing in tv show, I think we'll not have a strike from the south. Only the battle of Castle Black with Mance and probably in season 4.
					
					
							Edited by Nanaki, 04 June 2013 - 11:39 AM.
1207	spork	2013-06-04	Question about the name "The Red Wedding."  Is that a term from the books, or was it dubbed that by fans (a la Purple Wedding, UnCat, etc.)?
1208	timstanton	2013-06-04	Question about the name "The Red Wedding."  Is that a term from the books, or was it dubbed that by fans (a la Purple Wedding, UnCat, etc.)?it is referred to in the books by multiple characters in different ways..."they will call it a red wedding" "it was a red wedding" "it is going to be a red wedding," etc
1209	BigBoss	2013-06-04	Question about the name "The Red Wedding."  Is that a term from the books, or was it dubbed that by fans (a la Purple Wedding, UnCat, etc.)?It's in the book. I believe in a Davos chapter.
1210	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-04	I don't think the issue is not Roose "running off" per se, but more the way he did it. Roose Bolton does not simply flee like a frightened child or some random coward, he's far too awsome for that xD And yes, the directing wasn't really splendind, since the first impression you get when you watch the scene is that Roose is running because he's been hit by Cat and is afraid to actually get tangled up in the fighting.Did you see how hard Cat slapped him? He probably had to go change himself after that bitch slap. I also was expecting to see Roose stab Rob in the back and have a sword come out the other side, but that is really and unnecessary special effect that costs money, whereas stabbing in the chest costs nothing and gets the same point across. I was expecting Jaime Lannister instead of Lannister's, but I am guessing that the writers/directors felt that the fan base had just jumped on board with Jaime redemption and didn't want everyone to think he had anything to do with the RW. It will be difficult to follow that arc if the tv fans keep thinking "I still hate you because you killed Rob!"
1211	BlackTalon	2013-06-04	Not quite half of book three done and the most interesting part of Bran's arc is over.
I really wonder how the rest of his story line will be handled. Looks like there will be no Coldhands in the show because the time to introduce him would have been when the ravens appeared (I for one will be glad if we get no Coldhands I have never understood what people thought interesting about him. IMHO he hardly merits being called a character).
Just Bran, Hodor, Meera and Jojen trudging through the woods for weeks after weeks? No giant elk either, for obvious budget reasons ... Also, so far we haven't had a single mention of Bloodraven and almost nothing about the children of the forest. Non-bookreaders may find this very unconvincing and uninteresting I'm afraid.
1212	BlackTalon	2013-06-04	Did you see how hard Cat slapped him? He probably had to go change himself after that bitch slap. I also was expecting to see Roose stab Rob in the back and have a sword come out the other side,Where do people get the idea he stabbed him in the back???? Definitley not in the book.I always thought Roose stepped right in front of Robb and looked him in the eye when he gave him the Lannister's regards and shoved his sword through his heart. So much more brutal and a totally Roose thing to do.
1213	Janicia	2013-06-04	It is interesting that this episode both invented a scene with fun / glorified violence  (Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario taking on waves of soldiers) and made the Red Wedding violence even more one-sided than it was in the books (no direwolf fighting, no desperate Northern bannermen brawling, just Catelyn slitting one noncombatant's throat.)  Is that an intentional juxtaposition? Are we supposed to make something of it?  We feel good and triumphant at the sack of Yunkai and then get smacked with the visceral, gloriless horror of the Red Wedding.  But more people died in Yunkai. The cause of Northern freedom died at the Red Wedding; Dany is decimating the culture of the slave cities.
1214	Jory Cassel	2013-06-04	It did.It turned the Red Wedding into a Romeo and Juliet love story tragedy where the young couple in love are murdered, with the focus on the love story.Lack of Northern bannermen erases the fact that the North is still loyal to the Starks, that multiple people died trying to save Robb Stark's life at the Red Wedding instead of having them all slaughered without much ability to fight back with the only person trying to save Robb being his mum.  There would have been no cost issue to give 2 or 3 Northerners some screen time this season [instead of Shae or Ros or Pod] and then have them die heroically at the RW.THIS. didn't like this focus shift. The significance of killing the King in the North and all his bannermen who could've continued the war is downplayed.Not that it mattered storywise since they didn't show up in season 3 anyway, sucked neverthelessAlthough the next episode will show the stark host being shattered, Robb seemed deserted in the episode, contrary to the book-scene wherethe northmen go down together, still putting up a fight.
1215	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	THIS. didn't like this focus shift. The significance of killing the King in the North and all his bannermen who could've continued the war is downplayed.Not that it mattered storywise since they didn't show up in season 3 anyway, sucked nevertheless,Just from my perspective, I didn't really see much of a shift.  I still saw the scene almost exclusively through Catelyn's eyes, and I saw it as being about family -- about Catelyn and her children.  Her acceptance of Talisa was sort of more hope for her as a mother.  It means another daughter, grandchldren, etc..  It was really the first positive family glimmer she'd have in a very long time, and then it was all brutally stripped away from her.The book RW did have more on the bannermen, but I still saw the scene itself as ultimately being about Catelyn's losses -- and ultimately, what the Stark family had suffered personally -- throughout the series.  The aftermath of it is when the politics sunk in more.  At least for me, I'm fine with them keeping the focus primarily on the family for emotional impact, and having the political repercussions being the longer-lasting issue.
1216	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	It did.It turned the Red Wedding into a Romeo and Juliet love story tragedy where the young couple in love are murdered, with the focus on the love story.Lack of Northern bannermen erases the fact that the North is still loyal to the Starks, that multiple people died trying to save Robb Stark's life at the Red Wedding instead of having them all slaughered without much ability to fight back with the only person trying to save Robb being his mum.  There would have been no cost issue to give 2 or 3 Northerners some screen time this season [instead of Shae or Ros or Pod] and then have them die heroically at the RW.Lack of direwolf action is a shame because it robs Greywind of the heroic death he had and it reduces the link between the Starks and the wolves, but plot wise its not a big deal.I feel like we must have been watching some different version of the RW. Mine was like in the books primarily from Catelyn's POV and focused on the desperate attempt of a mother to save her child.I think we will see some Stark/Tully bannermen fighting in the next episode. I believe that the writers wanted to portray the horror of being trapped and caught completely unawares so having a big fight would have changed that atmosphere. They wanted a slaughter not a brawl.Let's say that Greywind gets out and kills a few Freys before he is shot down. How does that change anything or make the outcome any better? If anything it is even worse because you get the few seconds of hope were you think that maybe he will run inside and save Robb and Cat or at least himself. I think Grewind's fate exactly mirrored Robbs. Both great fighters but trapped, outnumbered and completely powerless against what was coming.
1217	Inceptor	2013-06-04	Lets see from episode 1 untill now 
1. Eddard Stark =  execution 
2. Catelyn Stark = After seeing her baby knifed and arrowed couple of times  , gets knifed as well 
3 Robb Stark = after fighting and fighting for 3 season  gets knifed and arrowed 
4. John Snow = still alive , probably because he doesnt carry the name Stark 
5. Greyjoy  = even he isnt stark at all , since he was with them ,  they cut his penis off !!  other things as well ....
6. Arya Stark = miracle ! , still alive  , but after seeing so much death around (her fathers as well)  and probably will become something bad ...
7. Sansa =  Gets beaten , almoust raped , humiliated and  spited on . 
8. Brandon  = legs broken , almoust died in winterfell and runs towards the whitewalkers.
9. Rickon = uselless  
So i have suggestion , instead  Game of Thrones , why dont we rename it to  Miserable  Stark Life.
As a guy said , im going from Stark to Stanis church now , since all starks that are left are boys and girls ....
1218	Koril	2013-06-04	Maybe it has been mentinioned and I have missed it, but since search is disabled I can't check: Do we have any idea where is Blackfish? Last thing he did was going to take a piss, and then we don't know?
Hope he appears in next episode, to find out how they make up with the books.
					
					
							Edited by Koril, 04 June 2013 - 01:02 PM.
1219	ViserionsFire	2013-06-04	I feel like we must have been watching some different version of the RW. Mine was like in the books primarily from Catelyn's POV and focused on the desperate attempt of a mother to save her child.Let's say that Greywind gets out and kills a few Freys before he is shot down. How does that change anything or make the outcome any better? If anything it is even worse because you get the few seconds of hope were you think that maybe he will run inside and save Robb and Cat or at least himself. I think Grewind's fate exactly mirrored Robbs. Both great fighters but trapped, outnumbered and completely powerless against what was coming.Yes, I agree.  My impression when reading the chapter was that even though Robb's Bannermen  tried to protect him, the tragedy was the Frey's and Bolton betrayal  and the brutal killing of both Robb and Cat. The amount of expense that HBO would have to shell out to create the book image of the RW would be astronomical.  I think they did a great job of transferring what the book intent and feeling was to the screen. Remember, there are only a few pages dedicated to the betrayal in the book, and the screen time provided opportunities for everyone in the scene to give convincing performances. That the scenes focus was primarily on Cat, allowed her to give a terrific performance in revealing first her anger, then her desperation, and eventually turning numb with grief. I read this chapter a couple of months ago, and other than the Talisa part, I think they really followed the book.  The part where Arya gets within the Castle grounds to see how Robb's Bannermen were killed was different than the the book. But,this  may add to her characters development which has grown immensely during the past 2 seasons.
1220	Jory Cassel	2013-06-04	Just from my perspective, I didn't really see much of a shift.  I still saw the scene almost exclusively through Catelyn's eyes, and I saw it as being about family -- about Catelyn and her children.  Her acceptance of Talisa was sort of more hope for her as a mother.  It means another daughter, grandchldren, etc..  It was really the first positive family glimmer she'd have in a very long time, and then it was all brutally stripped away from her.The book RW did have more on the bannermen, but I still saw the scene itself as ultimately being about Catelyn's losses -- and ultimately, what the Stark family had suffered personally -- throughout the series.  The aftermath of it is when the politics sunk in more.  At least for me, I'm fine with them keeping the focus primarily on the family for emotional impact, and having the political repercussions being the longer-lasting issue.Don't get me wrong, I liked the interaction between Robb and Cat very much, I think that part war realized extremely well; Fairleys acting was great.Yet it just felt like there was something missing. All the loyalists going down in just a few seconds somehow felt wrong and the impression of completechaos I got while reading just wasn't there in the way I imagined it.
1221	Wsaharan	2013-06-04	My favourite part of the episode was when The Three Musketeers took out Yunkai all by themselves through a smashing choreography.
I guess there wasn't enough time/money to teach the morroccan extras to do more than stand really still.
1222	Xasthur	2013-06-04	I couldn't watch it until a few hours ago, I think everything which was great about this episode has been said.
What bothered me:
- No dialouge between Robb and Roose. I expected Roose showing off that letter with Theons skin, they even showed Ramsay flaying his little finger, why not use it. That would be a great, indirect reveal, and give the whole episode more impact about how the Boltons changed sides.
- Roose stabbed Robb with a knife. I hoped he had no helmet on, so we could see it's Roose, but there is no pink cloak, no sword through the heart. You can't really distinct the lord of the Dreadfort from a mere foot soldier, that sucks.
- No mentally challenged Aegon for Cat to kill. But I can live with that
- I didn't like the music during the slaughter
- I didn't like The Rains stopping before the actual slaughter and that there was nobody singing
Thats it. Other than that, they nailed it. Hats off for the guy who plays Walder Frey, and all the Extras who played Freys (they really looked "frey-ish").
1223	Mel_Rose	2013-06-04	Maybe it has been mentinioned and I have missed it, but since search is disabled I can't check: Do we have any idea where is Blackfish? Last thing he did was going to take a piss, and then we don't know?Hope he appears in next episode, to find out how they make up with the books.Since episode 10 picks up right after the massacre, I am assuming it'll go two ways depending on what D&D's plan is:- either someone says something along the lines of "Blackfish escaped in the commotion, nowhere to be found"- or he will be shown (or mentioned) to be a captive along with Edmure.
1224	Jory Cassel	2013-06-04	Hats off for the guy who plays Walder Frey, and all the Extras who played Freys (they really looked "frey-ish").yep, the frey's were great. Although I didn't imagine them looking like hobos while reading, they pulled it off.edit: grammar
					
					
							Edited by Jory Cassel, 04 June 2013 - 01:52 PM.
1225	Marco	2013-06-04	What happened to Balon ? He should die before RW.
1226	Ser Ken Oh	2013-06-04	So who really got Robb killed?  Was it Tywin, Roose, or Walder?
Or was it really Stannis and those leeches?
1227	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-06-04	Yara was in the preview so likely we'll be informed of Balon's fall next episode.
1228	Marco	2013-06-04	So who really got Robb killed?  Was it Tywin, Roose, or Walder?Or was it really Stannis and those leeches? 1-) Walder (guest right violation)2-) Roose (betray his own king for southern kingdom)3-)Tywin4-) leeches
1229	Nicolai Montua	2013-06-04	Okay seriously. RW aside, am I the only one seriously affected by Jorah's swimming eyes of hurt after he and the 2 power rangers conquered Yunkai only to be dismissed for Dario? Then again maybe I just value subtlety. Do I need to mention im not unsullied?
1230	serlihis	2013-06-04	1-) Walder (guest right violation)2-) Roose (betray his own king for southern kingdom)3-)Tywin4-) leechesAlso we can think it was Robb who himself had this coming for him. He won every battle but made bad decisions, firstly broking his vow with the Freys. Then loosing some of his bannermen (Firstly the Freys, then Karstarks), leading to Roose betray him.1. Tywin, Walder and Roose plots the whole thing.2. Walder and Roose execute the massacre.3. Stannis practices dark magic (hard to tell how much effort does it have)ALL preceding Robb's mistakes during the war.My first post!
1231	Ser Ken Oh	2013-06-04	Everyone Stannis named is going to die though.   Coincidence?
1232	Marco	2013-06-04	Also we can think it was Robb who himself had this coming for him. He won every battle but made bad decisions, firstly broking his vow with the Freys. Then loosing some of his bannermen (Firstly the Freys, then Karstarks), leading to Roose betray him.1. Tywin, Walder and Roose plots the whole thing.2. Walder and Roose execute the massacre.3. Stannis practices dark magic (hard to tell how much effort does it have)ALL preceding Robb's mistakes during the war.My first post!If they want to betray him so much, they should separated from Robb and fight side by side with Lannisters against Robb in the field. Maybe they don't have courage for that ?Everyone making mistakes in asoiaf, so this is not a excuse for RW crap...And Karstark... This is not a mistake for me. Ned or other Stark leaders do the same thing to that child killer Karstark, remember Ned and Robert about killing Dany.
					
					
							Edited by Marco, 04 June 2013 - 03:01 PM.
1233	serlihis	2013-06-04	I loved the episode.
I have never been so nervous while watching TV-show/movie and my heart was beating while the set up was done for RW. I got spoiled for RW (my own stupidity) but when I read it, it shocked me. Obviously the TV-episode didn't hurt that much since already knew what's going to happen but still it was done greatly and felt bad.
I didn't mind the most things nitpicked here (Roose's behavior, Grey Wind's death etc.) because I know TV's going to be different than books. This event was to be made a massacre, a bloodbath to shock viewers so letting Grey Wind die without a fight is understandable (would've been more expensive AND prob not so smooth looking).
My only concern was the lack of Northeners defending Robb. I mean they CLEARLY had Wendel there but when the shit hit them, he disappeared. If they so clearly had Wendel being there near Robb, they could've let the viewers see Robb still had loyal men serving him who would defend the king til' death.
But all in all, the episode was great. Looking forward for Final and after it's Dunk and Egg books for me until the new cast announcements and the 4th season.
1234	Cadiva	2013-06-04	Don't get me wrong, I liked the interaction between Robb and Cat very much, I think that part war realized extremely well; Fairleys acting was great.Yet it just felt like there was something missing. All the loyalists going down in just a few seconds somehow felt wrong and the impression of completechaos I got while reading just wasn't there in the way I imagined it.Isn't it possible that that element is going to be shown in the next episode though? From the trailer it would appear there's a scene of wholesale destruction in the Northmen camps outside the Twins so that sense of the North being lost may come then.
1235	Blackf1sh	2013-06-04	I think the RW was really well done, my only problem was the ease and fastness in which the northern nobility (read: extras) was killed. I can understand the directors decision to do it fast and ruthless like this since the impact was really huge and showed that Robb absolutely had no chance of escaping but I remember from the chapter in the book that at least a few northern lords tried to protect their king and this opportunity to show that was really wasted.
Also I really imagined the Hound knocking Arya down to be a bit more dramatic. If I remember correctly, the hound did kill some Frey soldiers before he reached Arya running into the Twins. But hopefully we will see something similar in the final episode when the Stark camp is attacked and burned. And hopefully also see what happens to the Blackfish
1236	serlihis	2013-06-04	If they want to betray him so much, they should separated from Robb and fight side by side with Lannisters against Robb in the field. Maybe they don't have courage for that ?Everyone making mistakes in asoiaf, so this is not a excuse for RW crap...And Karstark... This is not a mistake for me. Ned or other Stark leaders do the same thing to that child killer Karstark, remember Ned and Robert about killing Dany.If they want to betray him so much, they should separated from Robb and fight side by side with lannisters against Robb. Maybe they don't have courage for that ?Everyone making mistakes in asoiaf, so this is not a excuse for RW crap...And karstark thing... This is not a mistake for me. Ned or other starks do same thing to that child killer karstark, remember ned and robert about killing dany.The thing is, Walder Frey, in Cat's words "is a dangerous man to cross", right? Robb needed him though and made vows to get what he wants. BUT even though Robb was warned, he still breaks his vows and as I understand, noble families have always "spat" on the Freys. You don't do that to a man who is known to be dangerous and holds something very essential to your cause (men and the bridge). This doesn't approve the violation of guest right and the massacre of RW but Walder Frey got his excuse to betray him. And a sly man he is, he betrays him when he knows he gets "protection" from Tywin.And Roose, I think the Starks have never trusted Boltons (got the expression from Ned). I think Robb put too much faith in  him. When Robb looks like he is losing the war, Roose turns his cloak. Like Ned said about Jaime goes well with Roose as well: "You served him well, when it was safe".As for Karstark thing, Robb decided to execute their lord as is suitable for Rickard's crimes. BUT if the Karstark are half of his army, what do you expect them to do when their lord is executed? Edmure, BF and Cat, they all (I think) suggested Robb to hold him as hostage until the fighting is done but Robb decided to behead him.I agree that Roose and Walder Frey do not have the courage to turn their cloaks openly so they go do thing like the RW.
1237	Mark the Red	2013-06-04	In response to all the Unsullied's rage and complaints at my office "Why do they keep killing off all the good guys?!!",I tell them that George R R Martin was pushed into one too many lockers in high school, and deep down is angry with the way the world works.
He uses ASOIF as a way of instilling the 'A$$holes finish first" belief into the minds of his readers.
I also tell everyone in the office that Cersei Lannister marries Ramsay Bolton in the end and win the iron throne together.  
The last few as-of-yet unreleased chapters of TWOW and DOS, are just torture-pron where Arya, Jon, Brienne, Stannis, Davos, Dany, Bran, Rickon, Tyrion, Sansa and ESPECIALLY the remaining Stark dire wolves all meet their slow, horrific and deserved demise at the hands of Ramsay and Cersei.
The seventology epilogue reads:
(READER): "Why George Why?!?!??!"  
(George R R Martin responds): "Because $%# you! Thats why."
Its gonna be awesome.  
But joking aside, I'm beginning to really think George is going to go full bore on pissing off his readers in these last two books.
Let me explain. George makes perfectly clear that there are no heroes in his books, and that your honor can and does get you killed. Yes, George, we get it. But sometimes having honor does save your life and your people. Athens was spared complete destruction at the hands of LYsander / Sparta after losing the Peloponesian war precisely for the fact that they demonstrated great courage and honor against the Persians in the Greco-Persian war that preceeded it. Without the Athenian naval victory at Salamis, there would be no Western civilization today. Honor 1. No Honor 0.
But my issues with the books or George in general, is that he does not in any way shape or form show that having no honor whatsoever has any negative consequences.	
Ed Stark and Robb and co. are mercilessly massacred for the 'crimes' of:
(a) refusing to bow to the bastard incestuous offspring of a scheming Lannister Queen, who knowingly deceived your best friend through many years and even suposedly murdered their legit children.
(B )breaking a single marriage vows to a lesser lord
For these crimes, their children are enslaved or banished, their homes and castles burned to the ground, thousands upon thousands of their honorable and loyal subjects are put to the sword. Honor 1. No Honor 100.
But have no honor whatsover? Welcome to the victory party people!!! Take the Boltons for instance. Here is a family that rapes, pillages, lies, flays and deceives to their hearts contents. What negative consequence happens to the Boltons in any of the books to date? I challenge you to name one. Oooooh, yellow dick was killed. A glorified single bodyguard had his weiner chopped off. Thats it. $hit is getting real. Honor 1. No Honor 100,000.
Game over, readers. Game over.
1238	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	In response to all the Unsullied's rage and complaints at my office "Why do they keep killing off all the good guys?!!",I tell them that George R R Martin was pushed into one too many lockers in high school, and deep down is angry with the way the world works.He uses ASOIF as a way of instilling the 'A$$holes finish first" belief into the minds of his readers.I also tell everyone in the office that Cersei Lannister marries Ramsay Bolton in the end and win the iron throne together.  The last few as-of-yet unreleased chapters of TWOW and DOS, are just torture-pron where Arya, Jon, Brienne, Stannis, Davos, Dany, Bran, Rickon, Tyrion, Sansa and ESPECIALLY the remaining Stark dire wolves all meet their slow, horrific and deserved demise at the hands of Ramsay and Cersei.The seventology epilogue reads:(READER): "Why George Why?!?!??!"  (George R R Martin responds): "Because $%# you! Thats why."Its gonna be awesome.  But joking aside, I'm beginning to really think George is going to go full bore on pissing off his readers in these last two books.Let me explain. George makes perfectly clear that there are no heroes in his books, and that your honor can and does get you killed. Yes, George, we get it. But sometimes having honor does save your life and your people. Athens was spared complete destruction at the hands of LYsander / Sparta after losing the Peloponesian war precisely for the fact that they demonstrated great courage and honor against the Persians in the Greco-Persian war that preceeded it. Without the Athenian naval victory at Salamis, there would be no Western civilization today. Honor 1. No Honor 0.But my issues with the books or George in general, is that he does not in any way shape or form show that having no honor whatsoever has any negative consequences.	Ed Stark and Robb and co. are mercilessly massacred for the 'crimes' of:(a) refusing to bow to the bastard incestuous offspring of a scheming Lannister Queen, who knowingly deceived your best friend through many years and even suposedly murdered their legit children.(B )breaking a single marriage vows to a lesser lordFor these crimes, their children are enslaved or banished, their homes and castles burned to the ground, thousands upon thousands of their honorable and loyal subjects are put to the sword. Honor 1. No Honor 100.But have no honor whatsover? Welcome to the victory party people!!! Take the Boltons for instance. Here is a family that rapes, pillages, lies, flays and deceives to their hearts contents. What negative consequence happens to the Boltons in any of the books to date? I challenge you to name one. Oooooh, yellow dick was killed. A glorified single bodyguard had his weiner chopped off. Thats it. $hit is getting real. Honor 1. No Honor 100,000.Game over, readers. Game over.Yeah, I think he's become addicted to "you think I won't kill XXX, ha, watch me"...and I have a sneaking suspicion that the moral of the story is going to be "nice guys finish last, after their castles are burned down and their families are killed"
1239	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Let me explain. George makes perfectly clear that there are no heroes in his books, and that your honor can and does get you killed. Yes, George, we get it. But sometimes having honor does save your life and your people. Athens was spared complete destruction at the hands of LYsander / Sparta after losing the Peloponesian war precisely for the fact that they demonstrated great courage and honor against the Persians in the Greco-Persian war that preceeded it. Without the Athenian naval victory at Salamis, there would be no Western civilization today. Honor 1. No Honor 0.Ned's girls.  The North Remembers.  It matters.  It just takes time.  Osha looks after Rickon because the Starks were decent to her.  The Reeds took care of Bran and Rickon because Ned was a decent man to their father.But my issues with the books or George in general, is that he does not in any way shape or form show that having no honor whatsoever has any negative consequences.	What happened to Tywin, for doing what he did to Tysha?  What happened to sociopath Joffrey?  What happened to those Freys who have been caught by the BwB?Ed Stark and Robb and co. are mercilessly massacred for the 'crimes' of:Being honorable is not plot armor.  That does not mean it does not matter, nor does it mean that being dishonorable is, long-term, the better bet.But have no honor whatsover? Welcome to the victory party people!!! Take the Boltons for instance. Here is a family that rapes, pillages, lies, flays and deceives to their hearts contents. What negative consequence happens to the Boltons in any of the books to date? I challenge you to name one. Oooooh, yellow dick was killed. A glorified single bodyguard had his weiner chopped off. Thats it. $hit is getting real. Honor 1. No Honor 100,000.Consider the words you bolded.  I suspect that GRRM is not done with the Boltons.Game over, readers. Game over.After 5 books in a 7 book series?   Try again when he's done.
1240	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Yeah, I think he's become addicted to "you think I won't kill XXX, ha, watch me"...and I have a sneaking suspicion that the moral of the story is going to be "nice guys finish last, after their castles are burned down and their families are killed"A very long time ago -- like, probably 1999, I posted that the "moral" would be that honor does matter.  That Ned being the kind of man he was is what was ultimately going to save his children, because it would be reflected in the loyalty of his lords and people.  Can't find the post on the old board -- which still exists somewhere out there -- but I think that's still true.
1241	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-04	A very long time ago -- like, probably 1999, I posted that the "moral" would be that honor does matter.  That Ned being the kind of man he was is what was ultimately going to save his children, because it would be reflected in the loyalty of his lords and people.  Can't find the post on the old board -- which still exists somewhere out there -- but I think that's still true.Rickard Karstark suggests otherwise. Not mention Roose Bolton.
1242	Cadiva	2013-06-04	But my issues with the books or George in general, is that he does not in any way shape or form show that having no honor whatsoever has any negative consequences.Historically correct for a great number of medieval feudal lords. Having no honour whatsoever didn't have any negative consequences for them because they were "the law". A very long time ago -- like, probably 1999, I posted that the "moral" would be that honor does matter.  That Ned being the kind of man he was is what was ultimately going to save his children, because it would be reflected in the loyalty of his lords and people.  Can't find the post on the old board -- which still exists somewhere out there -- but I think that's still true.I suspect you're going to be proved right. GRRM has said the ending will be "bittersweet". I'm suspecting there will be a resolution to the conflict in Westeros, possibly via a merger of House Stark and House Targaryen, but then the whole of the kingdom, no matter what side they started off on, are then going to have to unite to face the threat of The Others and that it will end up in a greater sacrifice than anything that's gone on so far.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 04 June 2013 - 03:47 PM.
1243	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	A very long time ago -- like, probably 1999, I posted that the "moral" would be that honor does matter.  That Ned being the kind of man he was is what was ultimately going to save his children, because it would be reflected in the loyalty of his lords and people.  Can't find the post on the old board -- which still exists somewhere out there -- but I think that's still true.I've told myself that, the long game, just and fair rule will win out over fear and scorched earth violence.  But, so far, the evidence that the story will turn out that way is thin.  Most of the Stark bannermen are already dead, Arya is a stone cold killer, Bran is north of the wall and not coming back.  Is victory going to be Rickon Stark, who knows virtually nothing of his family's code of honor ruling in Winterfell?
1244	starki	2013-06-04	One of the biggest moments in the series, and they did it justice. Best scene so far.
The first 45 minutes were intense enough with Jon finally switching sides and Dany's trio taking the city but everything from Rains of Castamere and Kat's horrified look, the killing and her screams and pleading were every bit as harrowing as the book. They even upped the ante with the baby.
1245	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-04	Historically correct for a great number of medieval feudal lords. Having no honour whatsoever didn't have any negative consequences for them because they were "the law".Magna Carta. Piss off enough of your underlings, and only force matters. Not 'law'.
1246	Lady Phedre	2013-06-04	Okay seriously. RW aside, am I the only one seriously affected by Jorah's swimming eyes of hurt after he and the 2 power rangers conquered Yunkai only to be dismissed for Dario? Then again maybe I just value subtlety. Do I need to mention im not unsullied?It made me super sad too. Such brilliant acting. I actually loved the whole Yunkai scene, mostly for Ser Jorah and the cool contrast of how the 3 men fight as individuals and as a group. As a loyal and devoted book fan I don't like how the episode went. I agree about the shock value that was written about here in the always-brilliant analysis. They had a chance to really make this a truly brilliant hour of television and match the masterful pacing of the chapter. I was completely horrified by the gruesome death of the Talisa character. I can never un-see that. Unnecessary, over-the-top and distasteful.
1247	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	I've told myself that, the long game, just and fair rule will win out over fear and scorched earth violence. But, so far, the evidence that the story will turn out that way is thin.Assuming that you've finished ADWD, don't "The North Remembers" and "Ned's Girls" suggest that all is not lost?Is victory going to be Rickon Stark, who knows virtually nothing of his family's code of honor ruling in Winterfell?What's Davos doing nowadays, anyway? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1248	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Assuming that you've finished ADWD, don't "The North Remembers" and "Ned's Girls" suggest that all is not lost?What's Davos doing nowadays, anyway? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />"All" is not lost, but, Wintefell is burned, Bran is in the North and not coming back, Arya is a killer and in Braavos, Rickon is a feral wildling who was 3 when his family was destroyed, Sansa is Sansa so she doesn't count for much, a huge percent of their Northern bannermen and the men in general in the North are dead.So, I would say, if nothing else bad happens to the Starks, Wyman Manderley kicks everyone's ass....they've lost, they've lost more than the Lannisters that is for sure, Casterly Rock is untouched, and even if all the Lannister prime's die but Tyrion, he will be alive and there are still Kevan's children.And there is no way nothing else bad is going to happen to the Starks for two more books.  So, the moral of the story is that mercy is stupid, because if Ned had put Cersei under house arrest and sent for Robert, it would be House Lannister that was decimated and not House Stark, and there is no way to undo the damage that has been done unless Benjen Stark comes back married to a wildling with a ton of Stark children, and I think we can rule that out, LOL.
1249	Cadiva	2013-06-04	Magna Carta. Piss off enough of your underlings, and only force matters. Not 'law'.Magna Carta - perfect example of those with power getting what they want. Nowhere in my previous post did I say the King was the one doing whatever he wanted or that he was "the law", I said feudal lords could pretty much act as they wished with very little recourse. Magna Carta didn't make a vast amount of difference to that premise. King John was forced to concede on a number of points, it didn't mean the lords who forced him to sign it went off to their own lands and behaved any more honourably than they were doing before hand. It just meant they succeeded in wresting some of the power away from the throne and protecting the power they already had over their own feudal subjects.As it happens, although it's hailed as a great document for democracy, by the 19th century only three of the statues still remained part of English law. It's become far more important because of the actualities of how it came about -  the idea that the King could be bound by "laws".
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 04 June 2013 - 04:25 PM.
1250	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Cat seeing the mail under the sleeve gave me a book chill.
I totally see how the long pause before Cat got her throat cut was awkward. It lost power a bit. She should have said the Ned, hair line also.
Also, that is a big mystery for me with Uncat. How much is revenge and did the breakdown/madness carry over from her old life? Also, unlike Beric, she was dead awhile before she was "revived by Rhillor"
Her losing it after Robb was killed was a big missing part for me. And Fairley is a great actress and could have done it. I would be she was directed otherwise.
Also, Roslin looks like Kendall Jenner.
1251	A Man Has Said	2013-06-04	The thing is, Walder Frey, in Cat's words "is a dangerous man to cross", right? Robb needed him though and made vows to get what he wants. BUT even though Robb was warned, he still breaks his vows and as I understand, noble families have always "spat" on the Freys. You don't do that to a man who is known to be dangerous and holds something very essential to your cause (men and the bridge). This doesn't approve the violation of guest right and the massacre of RW but Walder Frey got his excuse to betray him. And a sly man he is, he betrays him when he knows he gets "protection" from Tywin.And Roose, I think the Starks have never trusted Boltons (got the expression from Ned). I think Robb put too much faith in  him. When Robb looks like he is losing the war, Roose turns his cloak. Like Ned said about Jaime goes well with Roose as well: "You served him well, when it was safe".As for Karstark thing, Robb decided to execute their lord as is suitable for Rickard's crimes. BUT if the Karstark are half of his army, what do you expect them to do when their lord is executed? Edmure, BF and Cat, they all (I think) suggested Robb to hold him as hostage until the fighting is done but Robb decided to behead him.I agree that Roose and Walder Frey do not have the courage to turn their cloaks openly so they go do thing like the RW.Well, Old Walder certainly feels that noble families have always spat on the Freys, primarily by refusing to marry his sons, daughters, and grandchildren.Think about that in context of the expectations that Old Walder has. His targets are such people as Edmure Tully (heir to being Lord Paramount of the Riverlands) Brynden Blackfish, the brother of Hoster (who IS Lord Paramount while Walder is trying to 'catch' him) and Robb Stark, who is the Lord Paramount and later King in the North. Setting his sights kinda high don't you think? All these families are WELL above the Frey's station. They're just bannermen.And what does he have to offer in return? With that many kin to marry off, none of them individually is going to come with a big dowry, or for the men, lands and castles of their own. You've got a budget for dowries, and it has to be split between 40 daughters, it's not going to go a long way.How about the higher lords marrying some Freys to cement their loyalty? That ain't going to happen because they have a long-held reputation for treachery (perhaps going back to before Old Walder) - a reputation which was set in stone when "The Late Walder Frey" failed to show up with his host at the Trident until it was all over and he knew who had won. How much good is that to you in a war?Walder's disappointment is the same as you or I starting an entry level job flipping burgers and being disappointed that it doesn't come with a company car and an expense account.
1252	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-04	Think about that in context of the expectations that Old Walder has. His targets are such people as Edmure Tully (heir to being Lord Paramount of the Riverlands) Brynden Blackfish, the brother of Hoster (who IS Lord Paramount while Walder is trying to 'catch' him)Blackfish was never Lord Paramount of the Trident.  Edmure was when Hoster died, but after the Red Wedding, Littlefinger became Lord Paramount of the Trident and Lord of Harrenhal.
1253	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	"All" is not lost, but, Wintefell is burned, Bran is in the North and not coming back, Arya is a killer and in Braavos, Rickon is a feral wildling who was 3 when his family was destroyed, Sansa is Sansa so she doesn't count for much, a huge percent of their Northern bannermen and the men in general in the North are dead.But for Robb's lack of honor, the Red Wedding likely would not have happened.  And as I said, honor isn't plot armor, so that's why bad things can still happen.  But to the extent the Stark children still have hope -- and I think they do -- it is because of the residual loyalty created by Ned.So, I would say, if nothing else bad happens to the Starks, Wyman Manderley kicks everyone's ass....they've lost, they've lost more than the Lannisters that is for sure, Casterly Rock is untouched, and even if all the Lannister prime's die but Tyrion, he will be alive and there are still Kevan's children.I don't think it's right to look at "the Lannisters", because "the Lannisters" who inherit Casterly Rock may not be the ones who did bad deeds.  What we do know is that perhaps the most horrific act we can attribute directly to any Lannister -- what happened to Tysha -- rebounded to terrible effect.  What happens to Cersei and Jaime we don't know, but I doubt that their misdeeds will end up improving their position.So, the moral of the story is that mercy is stupid, because if Ned had put Cersei under house arrest and sent for Robert, it would be House Lannister that was decimated and not House Stark, and there is no way to undo the damage that has been done....No, the "moral" (if there is one) is that neither mercy nor honor guarantees either a good or poor result.  Both results may happen, though I suspect that in general, it is a positive quality.  I don't think that's even idealism, but simple reality.
1254	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-06-04	It wasn't an arbitrary change. They made the episode so it wasn't obvious that something is wrong which means that they remove the tip of that the musicians are bad, among some other things. I guess it also plays in with the medium since we actually have to listen to the band for quite some time during the show.I don't buy that it would tip the hand too much.  They establish so hard that Walder Frey is being a jerk.  Hiring a crappy band could just be another dickish move on his part and doesn't necessarily ruin the surprise.  It's still a pretty big leap to slaughter.  I think the potential "aha" moment by the audience when they realize WHY the band is so bad is far more fulfilling outcome and was worth the risk of the probably handful of people who might guess what was coming.  I mean, even if they do guess that it's a trap, which by the larger context isn't that much of big guess, they aren't going to fathom the depths and completeness of the slaughter.  That stuff would still be a shock.  I think they overplayed the value of the shock and gutted the surreality that leads to it.
1255	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	LOL, so if the moral of the story is that life is totally random, and no matter whether you're a good person or a bad person s**t happens, that's not much of a moral either, because if its all random chance, what's the point of honor and doing the right thing?  None.  Might as well rape and pillage to your heart's content because maybe it will catch up to you and maybe it won't.  Nice.  That sounds about right, though.
1256	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	I'm obviously guessing - but I would bet they tried to have the band play badly and it just sounded so terrible that it was unbearable to even watch the scenes, or their bad playing wasn't even that bad and ultimately they decided against having them play sort of badly, just make the songs recognizable.
Also @ the moral discussion - honor and whatever is generally good in the long run, whereas ruthlessness and treachery is good in the short run. That's basically my viewpoint, and that neither matters when you have 3 dragons.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 05:28 PM.
1257	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-04	Considering that most of the viewers were shocked, I don't think they overplayed anything.
Just because you knew what was coming doesn't mean everyone else did.  I can't stand people on this forum nitpicking without being able to take an objective look at the production of this television show.
1258	Cadiva	2013-06-04	No, the "moral" (if there is one) is that neither mercy nor honor guarantees either a good or poor result.  Both results may happen, though I suspect that in general, it is a positive quality.  I don't think that's even idealism, but simple reality.I've always thought the "moral" of ASOIAF (obviously up to book five only) was - shit happens, deal with it.I mean, GRRM's not made any secret of how much he's inspired and fascinated by the brutality of the feudal medieval society, the Wars of the Roses in particular, and that the good guys don't always win and sometimes you just have to put up with the lesser of two evils. I think that's what he's driving at throughout the books.Honour is personal to the circumstances in which someone is being tested on theirs. No-one would say Jaime's behaviour as the "Kingslayer" was honourable but his actions actually were the lesser of two incredible evils and he's had to live with the repercussions of that ever since.Ned's honour is that he thinks everyone should be treated fairly and that he expects everyone else to follow the same rules as he does, it costs him his life. Robb's honour is to offer to marry a girl he's slept with during a period of insane grief and following a fairly debilitating illness, it costs him his life.Varys' "honour" seems to be to Westeros as a whole, surprising considering his upbringing and background, but so far he's managed to steer that course while also carrying out some pretty unpleasant things along the way.LOL, so if the moral of the story is that life is totally random, and no matter whether you're a good person or a bad person s**t happens, that's not much of a moral either, because if its all random chance, what's the point of honor and doing the right thing?  None.  Might as well rape and pillage to your heart's content because maybe it will catch up to you and maybe it won't.  Nice.  That sounds about right, though.And plenty of people do just that, or the modern equivalents. It's as endemic in the world today as it was during the middle ages. It's human nature (for some).
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 04 June 2013 - 05:31 PM.
1259	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I'm obviously guessing - but I would bet they tried to have the band play badly and it just sounded so terrible that it was unbearable to even watch the scenes, or their bad playing wasn't even that bad and ultimately they decided against having them play sort of badly, just make the songs recognizable.Yeah, that would be bad TV because it would have to go on long enough and be loud enough for the audience to realize they were really bad musicians...and that's a bit of a waste of time, especially since they didn't end up spending that much time on the RW anyway....I think that choice was the right one, but I'm not sure how many casual fans even got the song, but that probably doesn't matter eithetr.
1260	Maxthestig	2013-06-04	I re watched it and I was MORE emotional !The part where the Rains of Castermere played was just spine tingling !Here is my reviewhttp://squarevision....e/<br /><br />I LOVE ROOSE BOLTON (anyone else agree)I think it was stunning TV 9 out of 10 !
1261	A Man Has Said	2013-06-04	But for Robb's lack of honor, the Red Wedding likely would not have happened.  And as I said, honor isn't plot armor, so that's why bad things can still happen.  But to the extent the Stark children still have hope -- and I think they do -- it is because of the residual loyalty created by Ned.I don't think it's right to look at "the Lannisters", because "the Lannisters" who inherit Casterly Rock may not be the ones who did bad deeds.  What we do know is that perhaps the most horrific act we can attribute directly to any Lannister -- what happened to Tysha -- rebounded to terrible effect.  What happens to Cersei and Jaime we don't know, but I doubt that their misdeeds will end up improving their position.No, the "moral" (if there is one) is that neither mercy nor honor guarantees either a good or poor result.  Both results may happen, though I suspect that in general, it is a positive quality.  I don't think that's even idealism, but simple reality.There's no reason to assume that the Red Wedding wouldn't have happened if Robb had honoured his betrothal to the Frey girl. Old Walder is a devious little shit, and it would only have impacted how big a reward Tywin would have had to offer for his betrayal. If the Frey's were to hang out a shingle it would read, "Betrayals-R-Us."OMG, what happened to Tysha is nowhere NEAR the most horrific act that the Lannisters do in the books. Tywin ordered Gregor, Vargo Hoath and their thugs into the Riverlands to commit rape, murder, and pillage - and to burn all the crops and food stores, knowing that Winter is Coming. That will ultimately lead to far more deaths, leaving the whole region an unpopulated wasteland by springtime. At which point I'll assume Tywin was planning to annex the region to his own, because there'd be no-one to defend it.If anything, I think I agree with the Hound more than with you on the mercy and honour thing. "Your mercy is going to get you killed someday." Sounds about right, considering what we've seen so far.
1262	Underzaker	2013-06-04	I wonder how much can unsullied take?
Next season , there's the Oberyn fight and people might freak out that Tyrion will be next LOL
Add to that Davos ... My god the deliciousness of it all
1263	teemo	2013-06-04	Cat seeing the mail under the sleeve gave me a book chill.Same here.  Probably one of the most chilling moments to me in the show series so far tbh.
1264	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	I wonder how much can unsullied take?Next season , there's the Oberyn fight and people might freak out that Tyrion will be next LOLAdd to that Davos ... My god the deliciousness of it all"This Oberyn guy seems pretty badass! He's totally kill that Mountain guy...I can get behind him! Dorne seems pretty interesting if more people are like him."Basically the same as my reaction before the trial.
1265	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Cat cracking across the face was badass too. I loved that reaction in the book. She was so angry, was taken aback by the audacity, and it was an interesting response at that moment when it dawned on that her son and banners were betrayed. It is a second of amazing writing. Great job on the show too. So poignant.
1266	Shienberg	2013-06-04	I tried to write about some of this earlier but the boards were jammed and it got lost.... Hopefully not this time.
A couple of things....
I know there was no establishment of Robb warging, but book readers have always assumed that this is because we don't get Robb POV. That being said, I still though the last shot of Grey Wind's eyes closing could have been Robb seeing Arya. I thought it was a cool idea whoever suggested that Robb's last word could have been Arya.... cool, but it wouldn't have worked....
I have thought for a long time that this season would end with the Lady Stoneheart reveal. When someone mentioned that "Mysha" means mother.... I was sure of it.
As a historian I have to chime in on the whole honor and mercy versus betrayal and ruthlessness debate....
STALIN- Stalin betrayed the leaders of his party. Murdered his comrades and his citizens. He put people in labor camps, exiled and wrongfully imprisoned them. He did this on a scale that led to the death of millions. In the process he developed an extremely effective army and a productive economy that produced the T-34 tanks and mobilized the manpower that won WWII and saved the world from fascism.
Honor is good but I guess ruthlessness can save the day too. Depends on your view of the so called "greater good".
Great episode. Nothing really worth nitpicking unless I am refusing to understand what an adaptation is.
1267	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Honestly, if was Michael kissing Fredo in the Godfather II. She let them know, "I know what you are doing, how dare you", with the whack across the face.
1268	Keishi of Oldstones	2013-06-04	Did anyone else think that Roose Bolton's smirk at Catelyn was acted absolutely perfectly? What a great way to show just how badly the man's betrayed Robb, a perfect reveal to the audience of his treachery. It was a look of "its just business" it was like damn
1269	no_payne_no_gain	2013-06-04	Did anyone else thing Roose was about to give Cat a gift when she was looking at his hand. That would have been epic and brought the whole scene to a new level.I honestly thought he was trying to put the moves on her right then. And I've read the books.
1270	Keishi of Oldstones	2013-06-04	Who wants to take bets on whether or not Jon will be the one to kill Ygritte? I could definitly see that happening and I have no problem with that
1271	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-04	Is Lady Stoneheart going to make an appearance at the end of next season instead of this one then?  Also I recently read this article on yahoo that seems to suggest that Michelle Fairley will be pretty busy for a while:http://omg.yahoo.com...gccmt-containerAnd I've recently heard that there's been speculation that the show will make Talisa Lady Stoneheart instead of Cat, what do you you guys think about this?
1272	Kurt Russell 1stOfHisName	2013-06-04	You have to appreciate the fact that we recognize the song when we hear it. HBO has at least done us a solid there.
1273	Shienberg	2013-06-04	Is Lady Stoneheart going to make an appearance at the end of next season instead of this one then?  Also I recently read this article on yahoo that seems to suggest that Michelle Fairley will be pretty busy for a while:http://omg.yahoo.com...gccmt-containerAnd I've recently heard that there's been speculation that the show will make Talisa Lady Stoneheart instead of Cat, what do you you guys think about this?Talisa as Lady Stoneheart would make zero sense.
1274	Keishi of Oldstones	2013-06-04	I think were gonna see the head switch next episode I think so too considering we see alot of burning banners
1275	unrecorded	2013-06-04	Am I the only one who didn't like Catelyn slapping Roose? One does not simply slap a man like Roose Bolton.
Also Stannis could have easily won the war if he had around 30 leeches. Who needs dragons when you can put your enemies name on leeches and burn them?
					
					
							Edited by unrecorded, 04 June 2013 - 07:29 PM.
1276	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Talisa as Lady Stoneheart would make zero sense.Agreed. Talisa hasn't lost nearly as much as Cat. It has to be Catelyn as LS.
1277	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Am I the only one who didn't like Catelyn slapping Roose? One does not simply slap a man like Roose Bolton.Also Stannis could have easily won the war if he had around 30 leeches. Who needs dragons when you can put your enemies name on a leech and burn them?Why shouldnt she slap him?  She was married to his liege lord, to whom he owed allegiance and obediance to and now she is the mother of the his king and current liege lord.  She could have his off if she wanted to and nobody would question it.
1278	aFeastForDragons	2013-06-04	I thought Roose was about to hand Catelyn Ramsey's gift. It would have the perfect moment to reveal Theon and get people thinking what really happened at Winterfell......then bang! a crossbow bolt hits Robb.
1279	mafalda	2013-06-04	Cat seeing the mail under the sleeve gave me a book chill.I totally see how the long pause before Cat got her throat cut was awkward. It lost power a bit. She should have said the Ned, hair line also.Also, that is a big mystery for me with Uncat. How much is revenge and did the breakdown/madness carry over from her old life? Also, unlike Beric, she was dead awhile before she was "revived by Rhillor"Her losing it after Robb was killed was a big missing part for me. And Fairley is a great actress and could have done it. I would be she was directed otherwise.Also, Roslin looks like Kendall Jenner.Aw, what has Roslin Frey done to you?Rewatching this episode, I noticed the look on Robb's face when Roslin was unveiled. Then he looks at Walder Frey who looks back at him all "Yeah, you could have had THAT" haha!And I thought it was hilarious when the Frey women tried to flirt with the Blackfish. Oh, Brynden!
1280	booknerd2	2013-06-04	LOL! The minute she was unveiled It was shocking. Can't stand them, but she looks like her.
1281	mafalda	2013-06-04	LOL! The minute she was unveiled It was shocking. Can't stand them, but she looks like her.Roslin is so pretty! And maybe I'm biased because I HATE the kardashians. I don't even know which one kendal is, but the only one I think is even remotely pretty is the really short one with the two kids. The rest of them, nope.Hm, I wonder based off of looks... Talisa or Roslin...
1282	booknerd2	2013-06-04	That one is the model, and the only natural beauty. Beautiful without make up. Yup, only one out of 5.
1283	mafalda	2013-06-04	That one is the model, and the only natural beauty. Beautiful without make up. Yup, only one out of 5.See, you're making me do something I told myself I'd never do: google a kardashian.She is pretty, but I see way too much of her mother in her, especially the eyes. I think the short mom of two is the prettiest simply because she does not look like the rest of them. I hope she continues modeling, and not make a living for herself by making sex tapes or marrying rich athletes for their money (*ahem, tall one*)Bruce Jenner was such an amazing athlete.. why he decided to cheapen himself by marrying into that family is beyond my reasoning.
1284	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Yup. The short one is much better looking thank Kim.
Crap, how did this happen? Ok, back to RW. LOL!
1285	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Hm, I wonder based off of looks... Talisa or Roslin...Roslin all the way IMO. When I saw a picture of her on google from Merlin I had my doubts. But she turned out to be very, very pretty without that curly hair she had in Merlin.
1286	Janicia	2013-06-04	I am hoping that Lady Stoneheart makes an appearance in episode 10.  I assume she'll be a minor character going forward; just a couple scenes per season until she finds her rest.  Alternatively, they could cut her as they've cut many of the more fantastical aspects of the series and I won't wail too loudly. 
As far as the benefits of having or not having an honor code... you don't choose your honor code to reduce the nasty stuff other people might do to you.  You live with an honor code because that's what lets you sleep at night and look your reflection in the eye.  At the end, I bet Ned regretted agreeing to become hand of the king, but I bet he didn't regret the subsequent political blunders - they were the only course of action he could have lived with.
1287	mafalda	2013-06-04	Yup. The short one is much better looking thank Kim.Crap, how did this happen? Ok, back to RW. LOL!Haha, I know! Back on track, the look on Robb's face was something priceless!Roslin all the way IMO. When I saw a picture of her on google from Merlin I had my doubts. But she turned out to be very, very pretty without that curly hair she had in Merlin.Wow, I see what you mean! It's like two different people! I wonder how old she is, some pics she looks very aged, and then in others she looks almost childlike! Maybe it's just the makeup for whatever character in the older pics.. She has a very interesting sort of pretty face, very heart shaped, with a button nose, good eyebrows... eyebrows are like my kryptonite!
1288	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Wow, I see what you mean! It's like two different people! I wonder how old she is, some pics she looks very aged, and then in others she looks almost childlike! Maybe it's just the makeup for whatever character in the older pics.. She has a very interesting sort of pretty face, very heart shaped, with a button nose, good eyebrows... eyebrows are like my kryptonite!I know it really does! I'm not even going to try and guess her age, everytime I try to guess someone's age, particularly guys I like in films/shows, they turn out to be so much older than I guessed lol. It doesn't seem like I have nearly as much of a problem with females, maybe they just look about their age while guys seem to look younger? I dunno lol. I guess I'd guesstimate her being between 18 and early twenties maybe? But yeah she just seems to have that.. geniune kind of prettyness. Not 'hot'/beautiful like Dany/Sansa/etc but just that sort of simple prettiness. I dunno how to explain it but its a nice change whatever it is. Oona just doesn't do it for me.I'll admit it's really weird, I tend to like guys with dark hair but then i usually think blonde haired girls are pretty. (Of course there's exceptions obviously.) but maybe that's part of the reason I don't like Oona? I have no clue. She just seems plain to me when you compare her to some of the other girls in the show. Maybe if I saw her in something else first, like The Hour, the perhaps I'd think differently. But yeah I always find it odd how differently someone can look out of character. Like Emilia and Lena, they look so different out of character! And then you have guys like Nikoli and Madden who pretty much look the same in and out of character lol. I'm curious to see if Roslin's actress will pretty much look the same as her character off screen or if she will be like Emilia and Lena.
1289	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Am I the only one who didn't like Catelyn slapping Roose? One does not simply slap a man like Roose Bolton.One can, one should, and one did.Catelyn rocked.
1290	mafalda	2013-06-04	I know it really does! I'm not even going to try and guess her age, everytime I try to guess someone's age, particularly guys I like in films/shows, they turn out to be so much older than I guessed lol. It doesn't seem like I have nearly as much of a problem with females, maybe they just look about their age while guys seem to look younger? I dunno lol. I guess I'd guesstimate her being between 18 and early twenties maybe? But yeah she just seems to have that.. geniune kind of prettyness. Not 'hot'/beautiful like Dany/Sansa/etc but just that sort of simple prettiness. I dunno how to explain it but its a nice change whatever it is. Oona just doesn't do it for me.I'll admit it's really weird, I tend to like guys with dark hair but then i usually think blonde haired girls are pretty. (Of course there's exceptions obviously.) but maybe that's part of the reason I don't like Oona? I have no clue. She just seems plain to me when you compare her to some of the other girls in the show. Maybe if I saw her in something else first, like The Hour, the perhaps I'd think differently. But yeah I always find it odd how differently someone can look out of character. Like Emilia and Lena, they look so different out of character! And then you have guys like Nikoli and Madden who pretty much look the same in and out of character lol. I'm curious to see if Roslin's actress will pretty much look the same as her character off screen or if she will be like Emilia and Lena.Oona does nothing for me because I personally do not like long faces. I mean, Oona's pretty and all, but I much prefer a rounder or more heart shaped face like the actress who plays Roslin. And maybe because I'm just annoyed with Oona's character on the show. I hate how they butchered the character. In a literal and physical sense apparently! And yes, I very much think it's the colouring that has to do with the actresses looking different.. all the actresses are forced to wear wigs (is it just me or does Melisandre's wig look so heavy! It seriously looks like it weighs 20 lbs! Everytime she is on screen I think it just looks thick and uncomfortable, random I know but I figured as long as I was on the subject!) whereas the guys can all wear their natural hair. But you are so right, especially about Lena outside of Cersei! She has a sort of punk rock to her natural look that I think Cersei would turn her nose up at!
1291	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-04	Rewatching this episode, I noticed the look on Robb's face when Roslin was unveiled. Then he looks at Walder Frey who looks back at him all "Yeah, you could have had THAT" haha!And I thought it was hilarious when the Frey women tried to flirt with the Blackfish. Oh, Brynden!Haha omg yes that was so priceless! Robb was looking at her like, "Holy shit! That's her!"  And then Walder looks at Robb like, "Ya kid, you fucked up!"  Such a classic interaction lol.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 04 June 2013 - 10:06 PM.
1292	mafalda	2013-06-04	Haha omg yes that was so priceless! Robb was looking at her like, "Holy shit! That's her!"  And then Walder looks at Robb like, "Ya kid, you fucked up!"  Such a classic interaction lol.Hilarious! I don't understand how I missed it the first two times I watched it!
1293	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Oona does nothing for me because I personally do not like long faces. I mean, Oona's pretty and all, but I much prefer a rounder or more heart shaped face like the actress who plays Roslin. And maybe because I'm just annoyed with Oona's character on the show. I hate how they butchered the character. In a literal and physical sense apparently! And yes, I very much think it's the colouring that has to do with the actresses looking different.. all the actresses are forced to wear wigs (is it just me or does Melisandre's wig look so heavy! It seriously looks like it weighs 20 lbs! Everytime she is on screen I think it just looks thick and uncomfortable, random I know but I figured as long as I was on the subject!) whereas the guys can all wear their natural hair. But you are so right, especially about Lena outside of Cersei! She has a sort of punk rock to her natural look that I think Cersei would turn her nose up at!Yeah that's part of it too. I also can't help but think her forehead is a little big. But I personally blame my cousin for that because she complained about this actress on Being Human saying her forehead was big and it annoyed her that the girls head was bigger and not proportionate to her body. Though I found her saying that hilarious and mean at the same time. So I think I had that thought in mind when I personally started thinking her forehead was a little big. (But thankfully it only stopped there. I don't think the rest of what my cousin said about Oona.) I agree too about not caring much for long faces. So that's probably my biggest reason aside from the whole hating the character thing. If I was to pick someone that I think is pretty as far as 'foreigners' in the show go, I kind of liked Dany's handmaidens before they suddenly disappeared. (Or were they killed?) I don't remember. Yeah I always find it odd when I see actresses with different hair colors because of wearing wigs. Honestly I can't blame them though because I wouldn't want to die my hair dark. (As a kid I had white blonde hair but it grew dark over the years so now I just die it lighter blonde) When I've tried to die my hair dark in the past it always looks green when the light hits a certain angle. I give kudos to anyone that would actually die their hair instead of using a wig though.I do think Melisandre's wig is rather big and weird. I'm glad to know its actually a wig. (Sometimes it's hard to tell since some girls actually do wear their hair like that.) Lol I definitely think Cersei would look down on the hair style Lena has. I can just imagine it now haha.
1294	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Haha omg yes that was so priceless! Robb was looking at her like, "Holy shit! That's her!"  And then Walder looks at Robb like, "Ya kid, you fucked up!"  Such a classic interaction lol.I know that was so funny! Especially since I could easily picture Robb with that actress playing Roslin over Talisa. Sad but true IMO.
1295	Jon Icefyre	2013-06-04	Hilarious! I don't understand how I missed it the first two times I watched it!Haha perhaps Walder should have tried to quickly present her to Robb when they first made the agreement in season 1, at least just show Robb what she looked like so he knows there's a pretty little Frey present that came with the bridge. lol
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 04 June 2013 - 10:14 PM.
1296	Zorral	2013-06-04	To me, this was the best written and executed episode of all three seasons.  Much of that is due to less herkyjerky cutting to and from one 30 second scene to another.  It felt as though more time and thought were given to everything we are seeing than in all the other episodes that came before.
One of the very best moment was Ygritte's face when Jon gallops off, without her.  Ygritte's Jon Snow personality irritated me a lot, but this episode, she was perfect.  And suddenly the actor of Jon Snow got something going in his face (well, that started an ep or two back).
The same with Robb Stark -- he was finally all present and accounted for -- he was real.  And now -- he's not.  And never will be again.
There was something though that has been in mind since the beginning: the aging of the child actors.  Arya no longer can fool anybody into thinking she's a boy (never did to me anyway, but nevermind that).  Her breasts are present in her costume.  She's not even binding, which is what women/girls who passed for male in past eras had to do -- and it was painful as heck, even when you're as young as Arya is supposed to be.
O man those Freys are ugly -- I'm not speaking of the daughters, grand-daughters, great-grand-daughters, just the Freys as men and patriarchs.
Gotta say this for GOT, patriarchy has never looked less appealing or more unattractive has it?
I just wish the dire wolves were, well, more present.  But then we don't get much of them in the books either.  Confession: personally prefer wolves to dragons any old day. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Zorral, 04 June 2013 - 10:29 PM.
1297	Ampris	2013-06-04	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsThank you for sharing that, now I get to wade through pages of Unsullied whining about "Robert" and "Ron" and "Rod" and "Rob Snow" dying... oh and "Kathryn Stark" and the killing of the "dogs" - seriously this shit is painful to read.
1298	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Thank you for sharing that, now I get to wade through pages of Unsullied whining about "Robert" and "Ron" and "Rod" and "Rob Snow" dying... oh and "Kathryn Stark" and the killing of the "dogs" - seriously this shit is painful to read.I'm glad I don't use twitter lol
1299	Revae	2013-06-04	seriously this shit is painful to read.Yep been going through it for the past 2 hours.The writers of game of thrones are some f'd up peopleYou fucking wank it's one person.Officially hating the writers of game of thrones #redweddingUGHFuck George Martin. Fuck game of thrones. Fuck the books. Fuck the.show. Fuck HBO. Fuck technology. Fuck my TV. Fuck everything. Fuck. Fuck.Better.RIP in peace Rob Snow #GoTbro do you even know what RIP meansNEDDARD STARK JUST CAN'T CATCH A FUCKIN BREAK CAN HElol neddard. retardHoly fucking shit they just killed Ron starkRon. Hermione won't be happyRon Stark got did!again im not sure she'd be happy about thatWhy kill Ron stark and fuck up the show, it was just getting goodExcessively stupid now. There's actually more posts that say Ron. Catelyn screaming ROBBBBB wasn't enoughthe episode is amizing! I don't can believe,,, rod stark die,,, wtflmfao rodIf george martin or whatever sewers my boy john snow anytime in the future.. Actually I'm not gonna finish Ill most def end up in jailtwo seasons to goWHY THE FUCK DID I WATCH GAME OF THRONES NOW I'M CRYING LIKE A BITCHCan't stop reading these. lol'ing. Just waiting for their reaction when they find out Tywin did it all. HOW DO YOU LIKE HIM NOWWish you could sue a tv show for emotional distress @GameOfThrones was getting sue in dey assLmao.I've had it with game of thrones after 2 episodes. STOP killing dogs dammit this bullshit has to stopLove how everyone is angry about the "dogs" too.pregnant woman dies? okrobb dies? okmother dies? okdog dies? OH HELL NAWThough I can understand. I wasn't that affected by Robb's death but Oberyn. Damn i still remember frantically re-reading the pages.WHY ARE YOU VOMITING TYRION HE'S FINE. Then rocking myself to sleep. I bet I will scream NOOO when i watch the ep
1300	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	One person got it right;Fuck Walder Frey, fuck Tywin Lannister, fuck Roose Bolton, fuck George R.R Martin
1301	BlackTalon	2013-06-04	I loved how Edmure leered into Roslin's cleavage when Lord Frey was proposing the bedding. Also, Lord Frey's wife's forced, disgusted smile when he makes his "sword and sheath" joke.
1302	Revae	2013-06-04	One person got it right;Fuck Walder Frey, fuck Tywin Lannister, fuck Roose Bolton, fuck George R.R MartinYep, exactly why I said "better".
1303	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Yep, exactly why I said "better".Aah I just rechecked, their actually two different tweets. But at least some people are smart lol. It's ridiculous, who actually thinks someone is named Rod? Especially when Robb is said countless times thoughout the seasons. They might as well just say king in the north or whatever haha.
1304	Newstar	2013-06-04	Thanks to a post on another thread, I just realized that in this episode, all the living Starks were featured and had lines--Jon, Robb, Catelyn, Arya, Bran, even Rickon--except for Sansa. I guess it's because 3x08 kind of overdosed on King's Landing plots so they wanted to clear out all the King's Landing plots of 3x09, but it seemed odd. She was also absent in spirit, too. Not even a reference to "your sister" from the Hound, any mention of her wedding in the Robb/Cat scene, or anything along those lines. I was feeling her absence.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 04 June 2013 - 11:29 PM.
1305	Rockroi	2013-06-04	THis has just become insane.Its everywhere.  Its on Slate, it made CNN, its on every blog and in every corner of the Inetrnet.  Twitter ... 'sploded when it happened.Its been posted before, but here's the link to the 100 best Twitter reactions to the Red Wedding http://io9.com/the-1...rones-511003444but here are my greatest hits:-Folks watching #gameofthrones who didn't read the books: remember when your really nerdy friend was super sad 13 years ago? This is why! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />-Somewhere, a corn syrup distributor just made a down payment on a boat. #gameofthrones-Does anybody have a paper towel? I watched new Game of Thrones and "in unrelated news" pissed myself-The best way to read/watch Game of Thrones is to hate every character. That way the constant mass murder doesn't get you down.-If only Admiral Ackbar had been in tonight's Game of Thrones...-You know why the end credits had no music? The sound of your sobbing and sniffling is the music.-Just finished my temper tantrum after watching @GameOfThrones. I now understand the urge to #riot in the middle of the street.-Game of Thrones will really surprise people next year when in the ninth episodes they kill off actual viewers.-Game of Thrones: a show for those who can't deal with the sunny optimism of The Walking Dead.And HANDS DOWN the best one:-Why doesn't George R.R. Martin use twitter? Because he killed all 140 characters.There is a You Tube clip dedictade to various people reacting to the episode in real time http://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tEThe clip went up Monday JUne 3 (2 days ago)... it already has 2.8 million views.I've spoken to people who have read the books, and people who have not; I have spoken to people who watch the show religiously and those who just enjoy it from time to time; I have spoken to people who have never seen the show or read the books.  And EVERYONE is talking about it.  Its everywhere and its a phenom the likes TV has not seen in ... really in a long long time.  Its JR gets shot combined with the Helmet Catch combined with the 30 seconds of dead black screen at the end of Sopranos combined with Bob Newhart waking up next to Susan Plachette.  Combined with a whole lot of people loosing their collective shit.So, answer me this....Its 2000.  You have just read the last Cat Chapter and you are utterly RUINED; its devestating.  You do not kno wwhat to do because (like me) you got the UK version so you are reading it a week before anyone else and you are angry and hurt and pissed and thrilled and you just cannot believe a BOOK filled with people who have never existed could do this to you...... and somebody taps you on the shoulder and says, "In about 13 years ... EVERYONE will feel this way!  People around the world will utterly lose their collective minds over what you just read.  It will be on news channels and in major newspapers."What would you have said?GRR Martin has entered the universal lexicon of TV.  And it started with us.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 04 June 2013 - 11:31 PM.
1306	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-05	Yeah, the talk on here forever was that they could never do the scene justice on tv, well, they did and then some. I have spoken with some Unsullied friends and they were just speachless except to say, man that was fucked up, fuck the Lannisters, kill them all! They all felt that something was wrong but didn't expect that. One even picked up on the music and recognized what the song meant. Great episode. I plan to watch it a few more times this week.
1307	Ironborn Iditarod	2013-06-05	THis has just become insane.Its everywhere.  Its on Slate, it made CNN, its on every blog and in every corner of the Inetrnet.  Twitter ... 'sploded when it happened.Its been posted before, but here's the link to the 100 best Twitter reactions to the Red Wedding http://io9.com/the-1...rones-511003444but here are my greatest hits:And HANDS DOWN the best one:There is a You Tube clip dedictade to various people reacting to the episode in real time http://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tEThe clip went up Monday JUne 3 (2 days ago)... it already has 2.8 million views.I've spoken to people who have read the books, and people who have not; I have spoken to people who watch the show religiously and those who just enjoy it from time to time; I have spoken to people who have never seen the show or read the books.  And EVERYONE is talking about it.  Its everywhere and its a phenom the likes TV has not seen in ... really in a long long time.  Its JR gets shot combined with the Helmet Catch combined with the 30 seconds of dead black screen at the end of Sopranos combined with Bob Newhart waking up next to Susan Plachette.  Combined with a whole lot of people loosing their collective shit.So, answer me this....Its 2000.  You have just read the last Cat Chapter and you are utterly RUINED; its devestating.  You do not kno wwhat to do because (like me) you got the UK version so you are reading it a week before anyone else and you are angry and hurt and pissed and thrilled and you just cannot believe a BOOK filled with people who have never existed could do this to you...... and somebody taps you on the shoulder and says, "In about 13 years ... EVERYONE will feel this way!  People around the world will utterly lose their collective minds over what you just read.  It will be on news channels and in major newspapers."What would you have said?GRR Martin has entered the universal lexicon of TV.  And it started with us.Great post and thanks for the link to those tweets...another one of my favorites was:"Game of Thrones has killed off more well-developed characters than exist in most other TV shows." - how true
1308	Inceptor	2013-06-05	Even Hitler is upset about the Red Wedding  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QKqF8lg_M7A
1309	larsberg	2013-06-05	I won't lie, I feel like a piece of me died last night. I LOVE the Starks and even though I knew it was coming, it didn't help. The entire episode was filled with A+ acting and will be one of the most remembered episodes of any series, ever. That being said I think HBO/Martin took it a little too far with their slap in the face of Eddard/Stark fans. As if Stark fans don't have it bad enough already:- Bran paralyzed- Eddard dead- Sansa married to the Imp- Arya seeing the RW- Robb and Cat deadThey had to add in "If it is a boy, his name will be Eddard". How about FU HBO! Was that really necessary? You give the Eddard/Stark fans some happiness for a change only to have the would-be-son-named-Eddard STABBED 10 TIMES!! I'll continue watching obviously but I really don't blame some fans for their rage right now. It was cold, very very cold.I think Ramsay said it best<U+0080><U+009C>If you think this has a happy ending, you haven<U+0080><U+0099>t been paying attention"The whole show in one sentence.&#65279;
					
					
							Edited by larsberg, 05 June 2013 - 03:24 AM.
1310	Underzaker	2013-06-05	What would have been deliciously evil was showing Arya dying and then in the credits , saying this was the last episode , the Lannisters won. THE END  ....   *evil laugh* ... I need to seek some help /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1311	Underzaker	2013-06-05	What I don't understand is how some book readers are criticizing non-book-readers for threatening not to watch this series again.
Guys , go back and remember your reaction when you read the chapter. The rage , the grief , how a lot of us literally threw the book and stopped reading for a week.
Well non-book-readers are in the same position. They don't know how to respond and I bet 99% will watch episode 10.
1312	greatgeek	2013-06-05	What would have been deliciously evil was showing Arya dying and then in the credits , saying this was the last episode , the Lannisters won. THE END  ....   *evil laugh* ... I need to seek some help /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It's for the best that the cliffhanger in Arya's PoV didn't make it. If it did, those fans vowing that they're done with the show would well and truly stop watching.Even Hitler is upset about the Red Wedding  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QKqF8lg_M7APoor Hitler /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1313	Tony Inchpractice	2013-06-05	Lord Frey's wife's forced, disgusted smile when he makes his "sword and sheath" joke.You know, interestingly, the word "vagina" comes from the Latin word literally meaning "sheath" or "scabbard". I'm actually surprsied Frey wasn't more crude with that bit, instead saying something like "When cherry's are red they're ripe for plucking, when girls are 16 they're ripe for....."
					
					
							Edited by Tony Inchpractice, 05 June 2013 - 04:12 AM.
1314	Extark	2013-06-05	I liked episode. I think it's one of the best of Game Of Thrones episodes.
I can't believe some people think there won't be Uncat in TV series. I thought it was foreshadowing for Uncat when Arya asked Thoros if his Father can be resurected. My bet, last shot of the season will be Cat's returning as Uncat.
1315	Scarlet Seastar	2013-06-05	I liked episode. I think it's one of the best of Game Of Thrones episodes.I can't believe some people think there won't be Uncat in TV series. I thought it was foreshadowing for Uncat when Arya asked Thoros if his Father can be resurected. My bet, last shot of the season will be Cat's returning as Uncat.That would be awesome, but what will they do with UnCat in the fourth season? Unless it overlaps Feast, and even if it does, she'd get very little screen time. Also, Maisie Williams said in Thronecast that she will not see Michelle Fairley and Richard Madden on Game of Thrones anymore, so even if they do put UnCat on screen (which they must, I believe) may be she'll not be played by Fairley.
1316	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Man they need to put Bran Warging into humans into a sleeping pill. Hodor was out like light after it happened.
1317	McShrek	2013-06-05	That would be awesome, but what will they do with UnCat in the fourth season? Unless it overlaps Feast, and even if it does, she'd get very little screen time. Also, Maisie Williams said in Thronecast that she will not see Michelle Fairley and Richard Madden on Game of Thrones anymore, so even if they do put UnCat on screen (which they must, I believe) may be she'll not be played by Fairley.Maisie's quote should be taken with a grain of salt at this point, maybe she was told to say so to not spoil the whole Stoneheart thing.They could "splice her in" similar like they did with Theon's arc.On the other hand, as much as I'd like it, I doubt they show her ressurection in "Mhysa", as it would require Dondarian and his guys appear out of nowhere.They could have been following Arya and the hound the whole time, though.Can't remember how the timing's panned out in the book.
1318	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	She could be misdirecting the audience, it wouldn't be the first time a actor or actress has done that.
I figure that the BWB could still be around where they were when we last saw them. not sure how far away from  the Twins they were but i don't think they were far enough that they couldn't find Catelyn floating around a few days after the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 05 June 2013 - 08:08 AM.
1319	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-05	"Game of Thrones has killed off more well-developed characters than exist in most other TV shows." - how trueNext season, Game of Thrones will start killing off your favourite characters from other TV shows.
1320	The Hand of Othor	2013-06-05	[Longtime lurker, first post]
Awesome episode which brought back many of the feelings I had of shock, despair the admiration from when I first read the RW.
However my favorite point was during the "pig trotter" scene after Arya had been staring longingly at the Twins.
The Hound starts to describe fear and says to her "There's no point trying to hide behind that face..." - a beautifully subtle line.
I haven't seen anyone else mention it but I suppose it was overshadowed by her final response "Someday I'm going to put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull"
1321	Maxthestig	2013-06-05	http://squarevision....-of-castermere/Here is my review.I't is even better on the second run through. When I first watched it I preferred the Blackwater bay episode. But after a second watch of this episode it's too tough to call !!has anyone else found this ?BOLTON FOR THE WIN haha /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1322	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-05	I could definitly see that happening and I have no problem with thatNot going to happen, IMO. Just like Tyrion is not going to strangle Shae. IMO.Is Lady Stoneheart going to make an appearance at the end of next season instead of this one then?  Also I recently read this article on yahoo that seems to suggest that Michelle Fairley will be pretty busy for a while:http://omg.yahoo.com...gccmt-containerAnd I've recently heard that there's been speculation that the show will make Talisa Lady Stoneheart instead of Cat, what do you you guys think about this?I dont think she has it in her.You heard me. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1323	Janicia	2013-06-05	One of my favorite book lines was Arya asking Sandor "Did you hit her (Sansa) with an axe too?".  So I was a little sad that Sandor didn't hit Arya with an axe this week, but bonking her head with his fist made a lot more sense.  
I'm still sad that Arya and Gendry didn't have their bar scene.  I guess Arya's book storyline needed those little bits of humor since it was so very dark; but throwing in all the humor without all the dark would just make it silly on TV.
1324	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-05	Talisa as Lady Stoneheart makes little sense. I don't even think Beric has any reason to even recognize Robb's wife.Not going to happen, IMO. Just like Tyrion is not going to strangle Shae. IMO.You don't think so? I think the heavy gold chain he bought for her was a setup for it, given that the office of Hand of the King is just a pin on the show.
1325	King of the Road	2013-06-05	If Michelle Fairley isn't returning for whatever reason, then there are really only three plausible options for who takes on the role of Lady Stoneheart in my opinion.
1) Talisa Stark - Probably the most logical option, as she has the closest ties to both Robb and the Red Wedding than anyone other than Catelyn. Just as Lady Stoneheart does, she has a distinguishing wound that could be as equally definitive of her character as Catelyn's cut throat is. 
2) Beric Dondarrion - It may be that he feels some guilt regarding his treatment of Arya. This, in addition to a sense of honour and nobility could mean that he desires vengeance on the Freys for their actions.
3) Brynden Tully - I've read a lot of speculation that he could be the one to take control of the Brotherhood in the WoW. If this is true, then it's perfectly logical that he should begin his ties with them now. He was also present at the RW and so knows exactly who was responsible, whilst his family ties to both Catelyn and Robb make him an ideal bringer of justice to the Freys.
Now, obviously these suggestions could create problems regarding Brienne's storyline, as none of them have ever met her (?). Nonetheless, I feel that the character is too important to simply cut, and so if Michelle Fairley doesn't return, then for me it has to be one of these three.
For the record, I hope that she does come back as Lady Stoneheart, if only because she's been in it since episode 1 and I'm not ready to say goodbye yet.
1326	Lady Arwen	2013-06-05	I will be livid if they omit UnCat or replace the Stoneheart character with UnTalisa. 
UnCat is a silly gimmick that took me a long time to accept, but now I accept it and appreciate it as a diabolical deviation from the "Noble Starks get screwed over by everyone" pattern. All I ever wanted was for Cat to get revenge on the people who decimated her family, and she deserves to get that chance as UnCat. No one else in this series deserves vengeance as much as she does--definitely not Talisa.
1327	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-05	They may well have filmed unCat's resurrection before filming the RW, so I don't put much stock in Michelle leaving right after the shooting of that scene.  As for Maisie, UnCat has comparatively few scenes, which likely can be filled on a quick "guest" basis.  So, most of the other castmembers likely won't see her, especially since Maisie probably isn't even going to be filming in the same country.
As for when UnCat would be revealed, she actually get resurrected only a couple of days after the RW, so it would make sense to show her right away.  My guess is that her body is found by the Blackfish, who runs into the BwB while trying to bring it back to Riverrun.
1328	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	They may well have filmed unCat's resurrection before filming the RW, so I don't put much stock in Michelle leaving right after the shooting of that scene.  As for Maisie, UnCat has comparatively few scenes, which likely can be filled on a quick "guest" basis.  So, most of the other castmembers likely won't see her, especially since Maisie probably isn't even going to be filming in the same country.As for when UnCat would be revealed, she actually get resurrected only a couple of days after the RW, so it would make sense to show her right away.  My guess is that her body is found by the Blackfish, who runs into the BwB while trying to bring it back to Riverrun.Honestly I wouldn't either. Film isn't like plays where you do everything in order so she could have easily done the UnCat thing some time ago before filming the RW. Actually I wouldn't be surprised if this was the last thing they filmed for the season.
1329	starki	2013-06-05	I hope they do Lady Stoneheart right, Farley or not acting (could it be that Stoneheart is not really Catelyn Stark so they needn't use the same actress?)...she was very terrifying in the books.
1330	Scarlet Seastar	2013-06-05	I hope they bring the Blackfish back to Riverrun. I'd be pissed if we don't get the Feast scene of the Blackfish and Jamie. They didn't kill him off, did they? He did go out to find a tree, so I am assuming he's alive.
1331	Underzaker	2013-06-05	So that IMDB Guy , Jkrishan , was quite spot on.We should have a thread about who the guy really is. Head of HBO? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />http://www.imdb.com/...t/215262840?p=1
1332	Underzaker	2013-06-05	I wonder when Robb was telling Talisa that he might have preferef Roslin , was there any ounce of truth in it?
1333	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	I wonder when Robb was telling Talisa that he might have preferef Roslin , was there any ounce of truth in it?Personally I think they would have made a much better match. (Not because she's a Frey but because she just seems like someone Robb would like more as far as looks and even how nice and sweet she comes off.) and Talisa, she just has a horrible personality IMO.But I'm thinking he might have been just joking around as far as that goes, since he did try to kiss Talisa right after saying that and then mentioning its treason to hit a king. I took it as just playful banter. But the part during the wedding, I do think he was surprised by Roslin's unveiling since he likely expected her to look as ugly as the girls he apologized to.
1334	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-05	Honestly I wouldn't either. Film isn't like plays where you do everything in order so she could have easily done the UnCat thing some time ago before filming the RW. Actually I wouldn't be surprised if this was the last thing they filmed for the season.Maybe they filmed Lady Stoneheart resurrection at the same time as Bran's dream with her in the tree. She did already look the part in that sequence
1335	Rockroi	2013-06-05	But we have no idea (yet) if she is going to come back for the end of THIS season (and lets be honest- that's an easy secret to keep) or if she will come back for ONE single shot in one single scene at the end of NEXT season (and while that may be harder to keep under wraps... it would be pretty amazing).  The fact that she has other projects or was emotional when her caharcetrw as killed, etc, none of that really matters.  Anything, at this point, is possible.  For me, I would prefer to see unCat if only because its in the books and does not take up a tremendous amount of time.  I don't think we should abandon all hope JUST yet.
If they reverted to unTalisa, that would be fine, but less impactful.  I think the viewers (to say nothing of the readers) have more invested in Cat than in Talisa, and therefore her seeking vengence seems more worthy of our attention. 
However, unless its an utter dead-end, I would not be for abandoning that entire storyline.
1336	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-05	Personally I think they would have made a much better match. (Not because she's a Frey but because she just seems like someone Robb would like more as far as looks and even how nice and sweet she comes off.) and Talisa, she just has a horrible personality IMO.But I'm thinking he might have been just joking around as far as that goes, since he did try to kiss Talisa right after saying that and then mentioning its treason to hit a king. I took it as just playful banter. But the part during the wedding, I do think he was surprised by Roslin's unveiling since he likely expected her to look as ugly as the girls he apologized to.Maybe he was telling a half truth.  He did give Walder Frey a look when Roslin lifted her veil.  Walder shot him back a shrug that said "Fucking moron, you should've met my daughters before breaking your vow".Maybe they filmed Lady Stoneheart resurrection at the same time as Bran's dream with her in the tree. She did already look the part in that sequenceFrom Michelle's interviews, it kinda sounds like she is done with the show.  Her response to if she knew about the Red Wedding coming was "I read the books and knew how many seasons I had signed on for".  I think she is done, but I like the Uncat killing Frey machine.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 05 June 2013 - 04:23 PM.
1337	rmholt	2013-06-05	I was very interested to see what would happen with Blackfish since they have to be careful not to kill someone who is important later in the books.  Since they didnt kill him there is hope for his future in the books. Something that wasnt addressed was who is watching Riverrun. Not sure what he was doing at the wedding to begin with
Good riddance to a few marginal theories.
I was glad Talisa was going to the wedding and that we know she was pregnant because that pretty much sealed her fate.
There is at least one interview with Fairley that doesnt rule out her coming back as Stoneheart.
As soon as Cat saw Roose's mail I yelled SLAP HIM because that's what happened in the book though using different characters. If anyone can slap Roose, it's Cat.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 05 June 2013 - 04:31 PM.
1338	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-05	This is the interview that you are probably referring to: http://www.buzzfeed....erview-spoilers
I can't wait for Episode 10.
Roose was amazing.  I loved the little smirk and eye directions.  Proper sociopath.
1339	newwb	2013-06-05	unTalisa would be the worst thing ever.
just no
1340	HouseHarrison	2013-06-05	Roose goading Cat on to check under his shirt really made the ep for me. Was better then the book version of that scene imo.
I was cautious about the casting choice for Roose at first, but the actor is really nailing the role these last few episodes.
					
					
							Edited by HouseHarrison, 05 June 2013 - 04:58 PM.
1341	Shienberg	2013-06-05	The whole point of Lady Stoneheart is to avenge the Starks and the North in General. Talisia 1)does not exist in the books 2)was married to one stark for five minutes and doesn't know any others 3) Is from Volantis 4) Was disliked by Robb's bannermen.
The brotherhood would not know her, she would have no cause for righteous vengeance and no ties to the Jamie and Brienne story. There will be no un-Talisa. Just stop it.
Michelle's interview says nothing that indicates she will not be back as Stoneheart. Stoneheart is essential to Stark vengeance... it has to be her. 
The next episode is called Mysha- which means mother (show Robbs last word). It would make no sense for viewers if Stoneheart appears at the end of next season. In the unsullied minds she would have been rotting for a year.
Lady Stoneheart will appear at the end of the next episode.
1342	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-05	From Michelle's interviews, it kinda sounds like she is done with the show.  Her response to if she knew about the Red Wedding coming was "I read the books and knew how many seasons I had signed on for".  I think she is done, but I like the Uncat killing Frey machine.Well, if she says anything else she's spoiling the reveal so she has to say that in both cases. I think she's in. If Varys could be on the show that she's signed on to then she should be able to do both as well. Especially as her role will become far smaller.
1343	booknerd2	2013-06-05	On a side note, did anyone tip their hat to set design?  I thought the Twins interiors were perfect.
1344	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-06-05	I was on pins and needles the whole day leading up to this episode. Then, during the whole episode, I was so tense I almost couldn't focus on the other story lines. The moments that really got me were:
-Arya staring at the Twins "this" close to her family
-Talisa wanting to name the baby Ned (I think this was worse for me cuz in my head, knowing what comes next, I was like "awww fuuukkkkkkk" /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> )
-Hearing Rains start playing got my blood up
-the chainmail on Roose's arms
-Talisa getting stabbed, I don't think I need to elaborate on that one
-Robb's "mother" and Cat's "please leave"
Overall, for me, they captured the essence of the scene completely. I was tense, sad, shocked, dismayed, and angry, all at once, over and over.Even If every little thing wasn't the same, they definitely got the mood right.
After the rewatch, other scenes I loved were Bran and Rickon saying goodbye and Ygritte's face when Jon rode off. Her eyes told a thousand thoughts at once. Very moving.
Im a Dany fan, but her scenes fell a little flat, not standing alone, but when paired with all the Stark stuff it got a little left behind.
1345	Marpesia11	2013-06-05	First post ever after lurking for a while (hello everyone...slightly daunting, this newbie posting thing), and I have to say I paused that episode every few seconds because I needed to breathe - went a bit mad when the music kicked in. I actually managed to feel sorry for Robb because of Catelyn's pleading whereas in the book, shocking as his death may be, I still thought "you asked for it you horny, willful child - suck it up". 
Grey Wind had me in TEARS, even in the book. But if they sew his head onto Robb's in the next episode I'll lose it.
1346	Titan	2013-06-05	Some people (like Elio & Linda) have made the point that the show really doesn't build up the dread enough...This is a difficult thing for a book reader to argue back and forth, but I would suggest that people who think the show did not build the dread should listen to this podcast about the episode from non-readers:http://espn.go.com/e...ayer?id=9342264Go ahead. Listen to it.
1347	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	I hope they bring the Blackfish back to Riverrun. I'd be pissed if we don't get the Feast scene of the Blackfish and Jamie. They didn't kill him off, did they? He did go out to find a tree, so I am assuming he's alive.The fake hanging of Edmure is pure comedy gold. Show Edmure & Brynden are a great pair and I hope we see them again at Riverrun.
1348	mafalda	2013-06-05	It makes me pretty sad that the beauty that is Sophie Turner, shares the same name with some celebrity hooker/stripper/whatever. So that whenever I google image her, I'm reduced to also looking at pictures of some random bimbo.
Skank.
1349	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-05	First post ever after lurking for a while (hello everyone...slightly daunting, this newbie posting thing), and I have to say I paused that episode every few seconds because I needed to breathe - went a bit mad when the music kicked in. I actually managed to feel sorry for Robb because of Catelyn's pleading whereas in the book, shocking as his death may be, I still thought "you asked for it you horny, willful child - suck it up".Grey Wind had me in TEARS, even in the book. But if they sew his head onto Robb's in the next episode I'll lose it.I was far more affected by Grey Wind's death than I was by Robb's.  I am really hoping that they will not show the post-mortem mutilation on TV.  They can talk about it, I don't care; I just don't want to see it.Michelle Fairley, the Roose Bolton actor, and David Bradley-as-Lord Walder nailed it.  Liked Arya and the Hound, too...
1350	Ser Steven	2013-06-05	I have to say I loved that episode. Yes there was things missing from the book version, but the overall essence of the red wedding was there. The false sense of everything is gonna work out, to all of a sudden, omg, WTF just happened? I had chills after watching the last 10 mins. It was just as hard to watch as it was to read.
1351	FullMoonHowl	2013-06-05	Sorry if this has been posted already, found it quite hilarioushttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=U6AjgR7D3yg
1352	sertravisredbeard	2013-06-05	I just watched this episode for the second time to make sure I didn't miss anything.  I thought it was good, and accurately conveyed the horror that was the Red Wedding.  I understand that the TV medium can be difficult to translate and the producers are challenged to match anything up to the books.
But am I the only one bummed out that they couldn't show any of the heroics of Robb's guys during the massacre?  I was affected by the killing of Robb and Catelyn like everyone else, but some of the most memorable images from my reading of the chapter were those describing the actions of the Smalljon, Dacey Mormont and Raynald Westerling when everything goes downhill.  Even the image of Wendel Manderly getting a quarrel through the throat without actually getting up and doing anything was surprising in its own right.  I was really looking forward to seeing any one of Robb's guys throw a table on top of him that immediately gets punctured by crossbow bolts, then start whacking guys with turkey legs.  Dacey knocks a guy out with a beer glass before getting taken out.  I might be picking nits over an altogether excellent episode, and I understand that the audience wouldn't have cared about how nameless characters died but I was disappointed in this regard.
Robb, Catelyn and Talisa weren't the only victims.  The heirs to most of the Northern houses got decimated.
1353	Steve Stark	2013-06-05	Jorah...you whine like a mule...you are still alive!Prince of Thieves.....love the reference. Thanks for the laugh.
1354	Jehane	2013-06-06	I am really hoping that they will not show the post-mortem mutilation on TV.  They can talk about it, I don't care; I just don't want to see it.Same here. It's bad enough already, they don't have to show it. I really hope they don't, this was such a gruesome scene in the book.
1355	Arkash	2013-06-06	Good ol' Edmure.https://fbcdn-sphoto...096043010_n.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 06 June 2013 - 06:47 AM.
1356	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-06	I wonder if roslin will admit to her knowledge of the RW to edmure like the books, she wasn't all tears during the wedding?
1357	Keepsu	2013-06-06	I hope we get to see Arya/Nymeria protecting her mother's dead body from the other wolves until Beric and crew show up.
1358	Rockroi	2013-06-06	I just watched this episode for the second time to make sure I didn't miss anything.  I thought it was good, and accurately conveyed the horror that was the Red Wedding.  I understand that the TV medium can be difficult to translate and the producers are challenged to match anything up to the books.But am I the only one bummed out that they couldn't show any of the heroics of Robb's guys during the massacre?  I was affected by the killing of Robb and Catelyn like everyone else, but some of the most memorable images from my reading of the chapter were those describing the actions of the Smalljon, Dacey Mormont and Raynald Westerling when everything goes downhill.  Even the image of Wendel Manderly getting a quarrel through the throat without actually getting up and doing anything was surprising in its own right.  I was really looking forward to seeing any one of Robb's guys throw a table on top of him that immediately gets punctured by crossbow bolts, then start whacking guys with turkey legs.  Dacey knocks a guy out with a beer glass before getting taken out.  I might be picking nits over an altogether excellent episode, and I understand that the audience wouldn't have cared about how nameless characters died but I was disappointed in this regard.Robb, Catelyn and Talisa weren't the only victims.  The heirs to most of the Northern houses got decimated.Well, in fairness, the Freys are butchering a bunch of Northernmen, the down-side is that we don't really know who any of them are.I loved the episode, I think that most nitpicking is misdirected "anger" over watching the Starks get got, and I think tha tthe show creators did a fantastic job in keeping the episode moving and hiding it in plain sight.But, sertravisredbeard I agree with you in that I think had the scene contained more elemnts of "resistence" it would have delivered a greater "punch" because every act of resistence and heroism FOR the North would have kindled the flame of false hope, thus making the ultimate death all the more impactful.  I mean, the one image that I always remember from the book is when Smalljon Umber heaves a table on to of Robb to protect him from the bolts.  I always remember thinking, "Okay, he saved him" when I first read the book but then thinking, "Wait they shot Cat, people are getting stabbed... this is moving fast...." That tension between "hope" and "reality" could have been kindled had they extended that scene just a tad more; shown one or two Northernment make the desperate and futile attempt to save their King. I would have liked that...BUT we got a lot in return.  First, EVERYONE is talking about TAlisa's death; because of her gruesome end, Robb - and Richard Madden is definately the "unsung hero" of the ENTIRE SHOW up to now; he played the HELLout of Robb - is facing his own unimaginable failure; his regret, his loss, his human frailty.  Second, Grey Wind's demise was so well done; talk about watching hope die.  Third, what the episode lacked in false hope and resistence, it made up for in raw anger and utter ruin.  The episode left no doubt that the Stark Revolution was over and the utter destruction of the North has commenced.  And I hate to say this, but, the price of adding in all this stuff would have added in time and money and I think is Benioff and Weiss have done anything its using their time and money wisely.  I think they made some really great choices here.  And while IU stiff think B&W skrewed up Stannis, I think they nailed the Red Wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 06 June 2013 - 08:43 AM.
1359	zaphodbrx	2013-06-06	I just rewatched the episode and drew some conclusions about troop numbers from Robb's map pieces. Hear me out..
There are 3 wolf pieces ( Starks), 2 X ( bolton ) and 4 towers ( Frey ).
If we consider each piece to be work 2k soldiers, this works out quite neatly.
Starks: 6k
Bolton: 4k
Karstark: 8k
Frey: 8k
Karstarks are 8k by subtracting Stark and Bolton from the 18k forces after Robb sent 2k off to die. Also it fits very will with the fact that Karstarks are nearly half of Robb's forces.
Freys are 8k considering four pieces ( 2k each ) and also the fact that Robb says that he needs troops to replace Karstarks and only Walder Frey has that sort of army which can match the Karstarks.
..
I know, this doesn't take into account Robb's other bannermen. However, Robb doesn't have any bannermen in the show. Other than that season1 episode. In S2 and S3, he only has Karstarks and Boltons.
Edit: Tullys have no significant troops either. Poor Edmure.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 06 June 2013 - 08:54 AM.
1360	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-06	Why is it that the RW in the books was epic, but seeing it on screen was horrible? Michelle Fairley, you're just too real. And maybe a bit more fighting back would have sweetened the pill.
1361	Gods of the north	2013-06-06	Some people (like Elio & Linda) have made the point that the show really doesn't build up the dread enough...This is a difficult thing for a book reader to argue back and forth, but I would suggest that people who think the show did not build the dread should listen to this podcast about the episode from non-readers:http://espn.go.com/e...ayer?id=9342264Go ahead. Listen to it.In this podcast, one of them says that Michelle Fairley's contract was for three years /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> . Is he rigth about that?
1362	madprofessah	2013-06-06	Michelle's interview says nothing that indicates she will not be back as Stoneheart. Stoneheart is essential to Stark vengeance... it has to be her.The next episode is called Mysha- which means mother (show Robbs last word). It would make no sense for viewers if Stoneheart appears at the end of next season. In the unsullied minds she would have been rotting for a year.Lady Stoneheart will appear at the end of the next episode.Completely agree with this. One of the only things that kept me reading the books was following Lady Stoneheart and hoping for her revenge. When I first saw the title of S3E10 was "Mhysa" and it was quickly noted that it means mother (in Valyrian, I think) my assumption was that it was referring to the Mother of Dragons, Daenerys Stormborn.However, similar to the case with the title of S3E08, "Second Sons," I think that the title of the episode has multiple meaning.  Besides, Dany, the other mother they are referring to will probably be Catelyn Stark (and maybe Cersei Lannister?) making her appearance as Lady Stoneheart.I'd bet money it's the last shot of Season 3. If it is, I hope they do more with LS in subsequent than is done in the books so far.
					
					
							Edited by madprofessah, 06 June 2013 - 10:21 AM.
1363	digiFemme	2013-06-06	I didn't think the Frey girls were that bad looking; just plain and somewhat unkempt. I like how one of them spoke up when the old man got her name wrong^^. Edmure is shallow for wanting a pretty wife but then again he's going through with it despite not wanting to anyway- for the sake of his family. Doesn't matter if his reasons for not wanting the marriage are trivial or justified, etc. the point is that he's making the sacrifice Robb should have made. The Blackfish comes across as a bully to me but I found his scene -the one where the Frey women were giving him the look, funny.
The RW was just as horrific as I imagined from the books, I only wish the scene outside with Arya and the Hound was more dramatic. Not sure but it seemed a little toned down almost as if there were hardly any people around. Michelle Fairley was perfect though, and she nailed the episode.
1364	Senor Drogo	2013-06-06	Why is it that the RW in the books was epic, but seeing it on screen was horrible? Michelle Fairley, you're just too real. And maybe a bit more fighting back would have sweetened the pill.I guess they were trying to concentrate more on the shock and slaugher. I would have preffered to see some of the northerners protect their king. I didnt like how they made Tv Robb kind of dumb, i mean why woud you bring your wife, the lady you married to the dude who you crossed by marrying her?
1365	Rhaenys Sand	2013-06-06	I guess they were trying to concentrate more on the shock and slaugher. I would have preffered to see some of the northerners protect their king.I didnt like how they made Tv Robb kind of dumb, i mean why woud you bring your wife, the lady you married to the dude who you crossed by marrying her?I totally agree, I hate how they made Robb into a stubborn teenager, I don't blame Richard Madden who plays Robb but the writers who made him into a dumbass. Though HBO said that they they brought Talisa to kill off Robb's heir.
1366	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	It was pretty effective too.
Most of Robb's problem with his mother arise from the fact he didn't quite understand what she was going through.
And there he was, fully aware of the pain of losing his son and heir, knowing Talisa was dead and that his mother had to live day after day with the same pain since she lost Ned and her children.
You could see it in his eyes too: Robb couldn't take it. He couldn't understand how his mother could.
It was pretty powerful stuff, if you ask me.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 11:58 AM.
1367	Teardrops	2013-06-06	I didnt like how they made Tv Robb kind of dumb, i mean why woud you bring your wife, the lady you married to the dude who you crossed by marrying her?He was going there with his 'entire' army and they were going to be protected by the guest right so it was 'safe' for her plus the assence of the Queen - as also stated by Cat  in the books - could have been perceived as an insult. So no, he wasn't dumb.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 06 June 2013 - 12:09 PM.
1368	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	It was pretty effective too.Most of Robb's problem with his mother arise from the fact he didn't quite understand what she was going through.And there he was, fully aware of the pain of losing his son and heir, knowing Talisa was dead and that his mother had to live day after day with the same pain since she lost Ned and her children.You could see it in his eyes too: Robb couldn't take it. He couldn't understand how his mother could.It was pretty powerful stuff, if you ask me.I still hate that they made him 'give up' without a 'fight'. Cat lost so much more than him yet he looses two people and all of a sudden he gives up? Whereas she lost, after Robb, five people. Kind of irritating if you ask me.
1369	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-06	I still hate that they made him 'give up' without a 'fight'. Cat lost so much more than him yet he looses two people and all of a sudden he gives up? Whereas she lost, after Robb, five people. Kind of irritating if you ask me.I think thats because Cat was being strong for Robb while Robb was just like,my dads dead all my men, probably my brothers and sister too and my mother is not leaving this room
					
					
							Edited by The Dublin Warrior, 06 June 2013 - 02:26 PM.
1370	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I think thats because Cat was being strong for Robb while Robb was just like,my dads dead all my men, probably my brothers and sister too and my mother is not leaving this roomI guess your right. It probably wouldn't have mattered if she was just taken prisoner, if Walder Frey had let him leave and kept her. It's just still annoying that he didn't attempt to do anything. It's like, as soon as his idiot wife died he just didn't care anymore and didn't care to try to fight for himself or his mother. I think book Robb would have tried, but he just wasn't able to because of being much more wounded than show Robb.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 02:33 PM.
1371	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	I think thats because Cat was being strong for Robb while Robb was just like,my dads dead all my men, probably my brothers and sister too and my mother is not leaving this roomI agree, the difference between them is that Catelyn still had one son left to fight for: Robb.Once he died, she gave up just like Robb when he saw his son & Talisa die.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 02:54 PM.
1372	Teardrops	2013-06-06	I still hate that they made him 'give up' without a 'fight'. Cat lost so much more than him yet he looses two people and all of a sudden he gives up? Whereas she lost, after Robb, five people. Kind of irritating if you ask me.I think Robb just realized before her mother that there was no point to keep fighting and give Walder Frey something to enjoy because they were not going to let him go. He could do nothing for himself or for Cat. Nothing. Not even ask Walder Frey to promise to take his life but not hurt his mother since the old man would probably just kill her before his eyes out of spite. Like Ned he understood it was the end and accepted it. No pleading, no crying, not vain attempts to save his life. He just said goodbye to his mother and died looking at her.I 'loved' it.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 06 June 2013 - 02:58 PM.
1373	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I agree, the difference between them is that Catelyn still had one son left to fight for: Robb.Once he died, she gave up just like Robb when he saw his son &amp; Talisa die.Well that shows show Robb didn't give a shit for his mothers well being since she was still alive before he died..
1374	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	Well that shows show Robb didn't give a shit for his mothers well being since she was still alive before he died..Actually, I think it was the other way around: Robb urged Catelyn to give up the knife so that the Freys would take her hostage (instead to kill her).Remember: Robb died before he knew her mom slit the throat of Lord Frey's wife anyway.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 06:34 PM.
1375	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I think Robb just realized before her mother that there was no point to keep fighting and give Walder Frey something to enjoy because they were not going to let him go. He could do nothing for himself or for Cat. Nothing. Not even ask Walder Frey to promise to take his life but not hurt his mother since the old man would probably just kill her before his eyes out of spite. Like Ned he understood it was the end and accepted it. No pleading, no crying, not vain attempts to save his life. He just said goodbye to his mother and died looking at her.I 'loved' it.I get that, it made it much more sad. At the same time I feel like he just gave up without caring for his mothers well being. It's like his idiot, where is Winterfell, wife is dead so he just stands there waiting to be killed and didn't seem to care for what would happen to his mother. Don't get me wrong i basicallyliked how the RW turned out, it was very heartbreaking, but to think he cared more for his already dead wife than his mother who was still alive, that bothers me.
1376	alinoris	2013-06-06	I was far more affected by Grey Wind's death than I was by Robb's.  I am really hoping that they will not show the post-mortem mutilation on TV.  They can talk about it, I don't care; I just don't want to see it......Well...I'm afraid u (and every1 else) already saw it, but as u clearly didn't notice/remember it (and u don't want to see it...again), I'm not saying when  ^^
1377	Teardrops	2013-06-06	I get that, it made it much more sad. At the same time I feel like he just gave up without caring for his mothers well being. It's like his idiot, where is Winterfell, wife is dead so he just stands there waiting to be killed and didn't seem to care for what would happen to his mother. Don't get me wrong i basicallyliked how the RW turned out, it was very heartbreaking, but to think he cared more for his already dead wife than his mother who was still alive, that bothers me.What did you want him to do? He was wounded just as bad as in the books ( 3 arrows ), he didn't have any weapon and, as I already said, pleading for her life would probably result in her death.Robb could do nothing for Catelyn but hope that once they killed him they wouldn't hurt her. With his 'goodbye' - among other things- Robb was pratically telling her mother to stop fighting for him -- as silentwanderer said "to give up the knife so that the Freys would take her hostage (instead to kill her)."If he really didn't care what would happen to his mother as you think he would have waited the final straw sitting near his wife, ignoring everything else.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 06 June 2013 - 04:27 PM.
1378	PoorLollys	2013-06-06	Well that shows show Robb didn't give a shit for his mothers well being since she was still alive before he died..I think we can safely say that he might not have been in a position to do anything about it. Crossbow bolts will do that to a guy.
1379	Humble Hedge Knight	2013-06-06	I think we can safely say that he might not have been in a position to do anything about it. Crossbow bolts will do that to a guy.This. The guy had like 4-5 bolts in him.
1380	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	This. The guy had like 4-5 bolts in him.And no weapon.And trying to make a heroic saving last act would just get her killed.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 June 2013 - 05:32 PM.
1381	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	They were already dead anyway..
I don't see why everyone likes that they just acted like fish in a barrel (except for Cat who pleaded)
But that isn't exactly my gripe anyway. My thing is in the books it's clear he genuinely feels bad for breaking his word whereas in the show it's made explicitly clear he doesn't care at all. I guess then (if he spoke to Frey) or even during the apology scene that could have been remedied. (If you believe he truly meant it when he apologized then I guess it comes down differences in view because I only saw him saying it because he had to.) 
But okay, they acted like a caged animal about to be shot (poor Grey Wind) so it's a good thing they didn't really try to do a thing even if it was just try to somehow talk their way out of it. Okay. Glad that's cleared up.
(Maybe it's just the frustration that they didn't show any fighting back, like having bannermen there trying to protect the Starks, I don't know. But it could have slightly been made up, IMO, by having Robb do something, anything, more than stand there. Since I got the impression he was more wounded in the books compared to the show.)
1382	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	This. The guy had like 4-5 bolts in him.In him? I saw no arrows hanging from the actor.. He might have got shot but they weren't in him when he stood up. Nitpick I know, but still.
1383	nirolo	2013-06-06	In him? I saw no arrows hanging from the actor.. He might have got shot but they weren't in him when he stood up. Nitpick I know, but still.There was at least one arrow that pierced his right shoulder. Not fatal. But he was wounded.
1384	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	In him? I saw no arrows hanging from the actor.. He might have got shot but they weren't in him when he stood up. Nitpick I know, but still.Well then I would watch it again. He has one bolt through his right tit, shot from his front and one shot from behind him that seems to be millimeters above his heart. He probably has more in his lower body that you can't really see. They show him being hit by at least 3.
1385	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Well then I would watch it again. He has one bolt through his right tit, shot from his front and one shot from behind him that seems to be millimeters above his heart. He probably has more in his lower body that you can't really see. They show him being hit by at least 3.I get that he was hit. He obviously was from the way he tried to get up and walk and all that. What I'm saying is I didn't actually see any hanging from him. (You know like one sticking out of his leg or something.)
1386	nirolo	2013-06-06	I get that he was hit. He obviously was from the way he tried to get up and walk and all that. What I'm saying is I didn't actually see any hanging from him. (You know like one sticking out of his leg or something.)You can clearly see 2 arrows here:http://www.buzzfeed....the-red-wedding
1387	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	I get that he was hit. He obviously was from the way he tried to get up and walk and all that. What I'm saying is I didn't actually see any hanging from him. (You know like one sticking out of his leg or something.)Since you have internet access it's a pretty easy thing to look up the scene or images of the scene to determine whether or not your observation was correct to begin with.
1388	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-06	His last word in the show was "mother", and he died standing and looking at her.  His last words in the book was about his wolf, so I really don't get the claim that show Robb didn't care enough about his mother.
1389	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	You can clearly see 2 arrows here:http://www.buzzfeed....the-red-weddingOkay gag. I could have done without the how can you blame Robb have you seen Talisa crap. It's hilarious people think she's sympathetic. The only reason she is is because of the pregnancy.Sorry, back to the arrow. I only seen one but my bad I didn't really notice because its so small. (And it would be extremely hard to see when he's standing up and the camera isn't doing a close up.) But wow that was so close to his heart it looks like.
1390	nirolo	2013-06-06	Since you have internet access it's a pretty easy thing to look up the scene or images of the scene to determine whether or not your observation was correct to begin with.Why do things yourself when you can crowd-source? But yeah, Robb was heavily hit. At least 2 arrows through each side of his chest. Not sure how he was standing still.
1391	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Since you have internet access it's a pretty easy thing to look up the scene or images of the scene to determine whether or not your observation was correct to begin with.How is it incorrect to think his book counterpart was still more wounded than show Robb? Even seeing the picture and the arrow, or two, I still got the impression he was more hurt in the books. Talk about rude people on these forums..
1392	nirolo	2013-06-06	Okay gag. I could have done without the how can you blame Robb have you seen Talisa crap. It's hilarious people think she's sympathetic. The only reason she is is because of the pregnancy.Sorry, back to the arrow. I only seen one but my bad I didn't really notice because its so small. (And it would be extremely hard to see when he's standing up and the camera isn't doing a close up.) But wow that was so close to his heart it looks like.Yeah. the second arrow is not that clear to see. You can see the back of the arrow on Robb's right chest. He's a beast for still standing at the end. Though mentally he was pretty much destroyed.
1393	nirolo	2013-06-06	How is it incorrect to think his book counterpart was still more wounded than show Robb? Even seeing the picture and the arrow, or two, I still got the impression he was more hurt in the books. Talk about rude people on these forums..People are snarky sometimes. But I think we are all here because of our shared interest in GRRM's books and the HBO series.
1394	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	How is it incorrect to think his book counterpart was still more wounded than show Robb? Even seeing the picture and the arrow, or two, I still got the impression he was more hurt in the books. Talk about rude people on these forums..Well I don't see how it matters if he was more injured in the book? It's a book...Things don't seem as silly as when you see them on a screen. Robb being able to do anything minutes after taking at least 2 bolts in his chest is pretty impressive. Not to mention in the show he actually loves Talisa, as opposed to sort of loving Jeyne in a teenage way, so the mental breakdown is worse on top of it all, because Jeyne wasn't even there.And I'm not sure how I'm being rude by telling you that you're arguing a point that you could've easily figured out was not correct had you just taken the very little time to look it up. There's no malign intent there. I just think it's odd to argue something that you could've easily found out to be untrue. It would be like me saying the Blackfish never said he was going to go piss he just disappeared.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 June 2013 - 06:09 PM.
1395	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Yeah. the second arrow is not that clear to see. You can see the back of the arrow on Robb's right chest. He's a beast for still standing at the end. Though mentally he was pretty much destroyed.I guess it's having book knowledge that ruins enjoyment in scenes of the show. (Sad but true.) I think it's because I read the book first, and then my impression he was still more hurt in the books, is what has my mind thinking he should have done more than stand there (whereas he really couldn't in the books.)I still give more props to Cat though. She didn't completely give up until seeing her last son (or so she thinks die) whereas he was destroyed by a wife that didn't even know on a map where his home was and unborn baby, when he still had his mom and Sansa was still alive (even if in Lannister grips.) I think it's also the fact I feel the show has built him up to be so much more unsympathetic than his book counterpart which is why I'm probably being so judgmental when I know nothing he did would have saved him. (Unless I hadn't read the books and was a tv only viewer lol.)
1396	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Well I don't see how it matters if he was more injured in the book? It's a book...Things don't seem as silly as when you see them on a screen. Robb being able to do anything minutes after taking at least 2 bolts in his chest is pretty impressive. Not to mention in the show he actually loves Talisa, as opposed to sort of loving Jeyne in a teenage way, so the mental breakdown is worse on top of it all.And I'm not sure how I'm being rude by telling you that you're arguing a point that you could've easily figured out was not correct had you just taken the very little time to look it up. There's no malign intent there. I just think it's odd to argue something that you could've easily found out to be untrue. It would be like me saying the Blackfish never said he was going to go piss he just disappeared.I wasn't arguing that he was wounded. I just missed the close up of the arrows that was all. So yes I admit I'm not nearly as observant as some.And as usual on Talisa I have to agree to disagree with people. This episode was the first time I even saw a tiny bit of chemistry between the actors. I really don't think they were in love even though I know they're 'supposed' to be. Plus I think it's silly to say his love for Jeyne was less than with Talisa just because the show ups the 'romance' side. It seemed like they were quite in love when Cat meets her new daughter in law in the books.
1397	Teardrops	2013-06-06	His last word in the show was "mother", and he died standing and looking at her.  His last words in the book was about his wolf, so I really don't get the claim that show Robb didn't care enough about his mother.it's because he's show!Robb and there is the need to find something to complain about him. It is known.
1398	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	I guess it's having book knowledge that ruins enjoyment in scenes of the show. (Sad but true.) I think it's because I read the book first, and then my impression he was still more hurt in the books, is what has my mind thinking he should have done more than stand there (whereas he really couldn't in the books.)This is the realization I think we all face, and then we can choose either to continue hating things that aren't done like the book, or accept that some things are not possible, better, worse, or just different, but still enjoy the show as a relatively independant piece of work. I made the choice to ignore my book purism during S2 when everything seemed to be changing. In fact I was so livid at Dany's story, which I still think sucks, and was really aggravated at how they changed it. Then I reread aCoK and realized Dany's story just sucked in general, and from then on I accepted that I could enjoy the show and the books separately. Of course there are some things they change that either make no sense or are failed attempts at improving something. It's not really the place to discuss those things, but I guess we never lose our book prejudice, you can just choose to separate the two which I've found provides a much more enjoyable experience.
1399	nirolo	2013-06-06	I guess it's having book knowledge that ruins enjoyment in scenes of the show. (Sad but true.) I think it's because I read the book first, and then my impression he was still more hurt in the books, is what has my mind thinking he should have done more than stand there (whereas he really couldn't in the books.)I still give more props to Cat though. She didn't completely give up until seeing her last son (or so she thinks die) whereas he was destroyed by a wife that didn't even know on a map where his home was and unborn baby, when he still had his mom and Sansa was still alive (even if in Lannister grips.) I think it's also the fact I feel the show has built him up to be so much more unsympathetic than his book counterpart which is why I'm probably being so judgmental when I know nothing he did would have saved him. (Unless I hadn't read the books and was a tv only viewer lol.)I don't think you can be wrong in your opinion of things. At least not when it comes to fantasy tv shows or novels.And I agree, Cat is a trooper.Does anyone know if they are keeping Michelle Fairley on to play Lady S?
					
					
							Edited by nirolo, 06 June 2013 - 06:16 PM.
1400	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Of course there are some things they change that either make no sense or are failed attempts at improving something. It's not really the place to discuss those things, but I guess we never lose our book prejudice, you can just choose to separate the two which I've found provides a much more enjoyable experience.Yeah I try not to sweat the little things. Especially since I think some changes were good or just amusing (Tywin and Arya) to watch. There's very few changes that I actually hate. (Which I'm sure you know the one I'm referring to.) and then there's just others that I'm disappointed in, like Dany and Jon season two, but don't let it bother me to much. Especially since they're better this season.That's half the reason I try not to discuss the very few changes I actually hate. Because I know they're never ending battles and ultimately people like what they like, but then I come here and I just cave in because of seeing those changes held in such high regard compared to the books when most everyone knows Martin most likely doesn't care for the certain ones either lol.But back on point, I still feel Michele absolutely dominated that scene despite the writers best attempts to focus solely on the poor doomed couple that were going to have a baby.
1401	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Does anyone know if they are keeping Michelle Fairley on to play Lady S?I really hope so. I hate the speculation of UnTalisa. It's so much more powerful a mother wanting revenge for her children than just one who lost a husband and child that wasn't even born. Cat is so much closer to the stark story than a widow and Jaime/Breenie isn't going to recognize her unless they stereotype and go 'oh I think she's the foreigner that married Robb' lol. But who knows, with some of the things D&D do, I could almost see that.
1402	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	But back on point, I still feel Michele absolutely dominated that scene despite the writers best attempts to focus solely on the poor doomed couple that were going to have a baby.The focus of the episode was really Robb and Catelyn. It even starts with them. I think it's unfair to say the writers want to "Focus solely" on Robb+Talisa when Cat gets the majority of the screen time in the wedding and is the last shot of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 June 2013 - 06:25 PM.
1403	nirolo	2013-06-06	But back on point, I still feel Michele absolutely dominated that scene despite the writers best attempts to focus solely on the poor doomed couple that were going to have a baby.Well. We saw the doors closed through Cat's PoV. When the rain of castamere started to play it was also Cat's face we saw. It was also Cat who flipped Roose's shirt to reveal the chain-mail. Though it is true, Talisa was the first to get stabbed. But in the end, I think what really made the scene linger was Robb's call to Catelyn, "Mother?" And before Catelyn even got a chance to reply Roose stabbed Robb. Which then led to her scream (I think), killing Walder's wife, and then went catatonic and having her throat slit...*silence*...*credit rolls*.
1404	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	The focus of the episode was really Robb and Catelyn. It even starts with them. I think it's unfair to say the writers want to "Focus solely" on Robb+Talisa when Cat gets the majority of the screen time in the wedding and is the last shot of the episode.Well. We saw the doors closed through Cat's PoV. When the rain of castamere started to play it was also Cat's face we saw. It was also Cat who flipped Roose's shirt to reveal the chain-mail. Though it is true, Talisa was the first to get stabbed. But in the end, I think what really made the scene linger was Robb's call to Catelyn, "Mother?" And before Catelyn even got a chance to reply Roose stabbed Robb. Which then led to her scream (I think), killing Walder's wife, and then went catatonic and having her throat slit...*silence*...*credit rolls*.When a pregnant woman gets stabbed in the stomach instead of just stabbed in the heart or have her throat cut, and then they focus on Robb touching the belly as soon as he is able to stand, I'm sorry but it felt like they were trying to overshadow Cat. I bet it would have worked too if Michelle wasn't such a great actress.Maybe it's partly my prejudice against Talisa, and I admit the only thing I remember is her almost comical screams (I watched way to many reaction videos she sounds funny now) and the belly touching, but when they add that much of an over dramatic kill it makes me glad Cat was killed last. Otherwise they would have really changed things and the focus wouldn't have been on mother and son at all.
1405	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	And no weapon.And trying to make a heroic saving last act would just get her killed.At that point, the only thing Robb could do what to stand up to die like a man, just like the old man Ygritte killed asked for.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 06:38 PM.
1406	nirolo	2013-06-06	When a pregnant woman gets stabbed in the stomach instead of just stabbed in the heart or have her throat cut, and then they focus on Robb touching the belly as soon as he is able to stand, I'm sorry but it felt like they were trying to overshadow Cat. I bet it would have worked too if Michelle wasn't such a great actress.Maybe it's partly my prejudice against Talisa, and I admit the only thing I remember is her almost comical screams (I watched way to many reaction videos she sounds funny now) and the belly touching, but when they add that much of an over dramatic kill it makes me glad Cat was killed last. Otherwise they would have really changed things and the focus wouldn't have been on mother and son at all.You know, it's funny because I was also sort of focusing on Talisa, but not for the reasons you describe; I was thinking of whether she would be a spy (never believed in the theory). But I think once Talisa went down, the rest of the slaughter scenes were mostly focused on Cat. I think.
1407	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	When a pregnant woman gets stabbed in the stomach instead of just stabbed in the heart or have her throat cut, and then they focus on Robb touching the belly as soon as he is able to stand, I'm sorry but it felt like they were trying to overshadow Cat. I bet it would have worked too if Michelle wasn't such a great actress.Maybe it's partly my prejudice against Talisa, and I admit the only thing I remember is her almost comical screams (I watched way to many reaction videos she sounds funny now) and the belly touching, but when they add that much of an over dramatic kill it makes me glad Cat was killed last. Otherwise they would have really changed things and the focus wouldn't have been on mother and son at all.Now I guess this might be rude. Your inability to accept that an adaptation will have changes from the source material, some or most of which you may dislike, is seriously hindering your ability form and express logical and thoughtful arguments about the rest of the episode and show as a whole. Having Talisa stabbed in the belly is obviously emotion bating. It is not "trying to overshadow Cat" for the reasons you've quoted but also chose to ignore.
1408	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Now I guess this might be rude. Your inability to accept that an adaptation will have changes from the source material, some or most of which you may dislike, is seriously hindering your ability form and express logical and thoughtful arguments about the rest of the episode and show as a whole. Having Talisa stabbed in the belly is obviously emotion bating. It is not "trying to overshadow Cat" for the reasons you've quoted but also chose to ignore.I know it's an adaptation. I'll even admit that I'll never accept or even remotely like the Talisa change. But the belly stabbing was over kill IMO. They could have killed her in any other way, but like you said, they only choose that so people would feel sorry for her and start liking her. Maybe you like the changes that butchered Cat and Robb up to this point whereas I didn't, and good for you if that's true, but it makes it hard not to talk about those three characters when the episode is mostly focused on the RW after all. And you honestly can't tell me Catelyn hasn't got the short end of the stick because of the Talisa change and far less screen time in the season up until this episode.I wasn't ignoring the quotes, I simply quoted them because it was easier to do a post two in one then have to keep repeatedly posting about Talisa. Maybe if it was a character I liked I wouldn't mind constantly posting about them.But to give a response to that quote, I think the making her pregnant thing does kind of lead into wanting to make it more about husband and wife's losses than mother and son. (But obviously I know it was also to make people hurt more in seeing the three killed.) Obviously it didn't work out that way, and it was more focused on Cat, but the fact they had to linger so much on dying/dead baby/Talisa, makes it seem like they wanted to much focus on that rather than what it was supposed to be (and thankfully the essence was still there), Cat and her son.Eta; I honestly don't think people will understand no matter how much I say this, I like changes. I like them when they're good but when I see a change that I question and think doesn't make sense/or is to drastic of one, then obviously I'm going to be eh about it or even downright hate it. I could name quite a few that I actually like.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 07:00 PM.
1409	Ser Steven	2013-06-06	Maybe it's partly my prejudice against Talisa, and I admit the only thing I remember is her almost comical screams (I watched way to many reaction videos she sounds funny now) and the belly touching, but when they add that much of an over dramatic kill it makes me glad Cat was killed last. Otherwise they would have really changed things and the focus wouldn't have been on mother and son at all.I think it's completely your prejudice against Talisa. Name me one soon to be father, who is not a psychopath, that would not go to his wife if he watched her get stabbed in the stomach killing both her and his unborn child. There is not a sane male on this planet that would do that, but all of a sudden Robb is supposed to be the one man in the world to do that? It's not over shadowing Cat, it's adding to the scene. After she passed and Robb saw what his mother got herself into he immediately got up to try and stop her to save her(at least thats my opinion of what Robb was doing when he called "mother").
1410	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I think it's completely your prejudice against Talisa. Name me one soon to be father, who is not a psychopath, that would not go to his wife if he watched her get stabbed in the stomach killing both her and his unborn child. There is not a sane male on this planet that would do that, but all of a sudden Robb is supposed to be the one man in the world to do that? It's not over shadowing Cat, it's adding to the scene. After she passed and Robb saw what his mother got herself into he immediately got up to try and stop her to save her(at least thats my opinion of what Robb was doing when he called "mother").The fact they made her pregnant in the first place feels like they tried to overshadow the mother/son dynamic that was the red wedding. Don't get me wrong i don't hate the scene where he goes to his dead wife like a couple on here said they disliked. I'm saying in general, it felt like they added the pregnancy to have the husband/wife losses overshadow the true importance which is Cat loosing all of her kids/family and the seeming Stark downfall.
1411	Ser Steven	2013-06-06	The fact they made her pregnant in the first place feels like they tried to overshadow the mother/son dynamic that was the red wedding. Don't get me wrong i don't hate the scene where he goes to his dead wife like a couple on here said they disliked. I'm saying in general, it felt like they added the pregnancy to have the husband/wife losses overshadow the true importance which is Cat loosing all of her kids/family and the seeming Stark downfall.I think it wasn't meant to overshadow Cat, but to add to it. Remember right before everything goes down, Robb tell Talisa that Cat is starting to like her, ie excepting her as her daughter in law. More evidence to that is the smile when Cat see Robb and Talissa kissing after Talisa say she wants to name the baby Ned. That's how I saw it anyway, but I can see where you are coming from. I just think the lil time they gave to Talisa in this episode versus Cat, especially at the end once the massacre started makes it hard to say Talisa overshadowed Cat.
1412	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I think it wasn't meant to overshadow Cat, but to add to it. Remember right before everything goes down, Robb tell Talisa that Cat is starting to like her, ie excepting her as her daughter in law. More evidence to that is the smile when Cat see Robb and Talissa kissing after Talisa say she wants to name the baby Ned. That's how I saw it anyway, but I can see where you are coming from. I just think the lil time they gave to Talisa in this episode versus Cat, especially at the end once the massacre started makes it hard to say Talisa overshadowed Cat.Personally I'd say the time focused on her was well deserved. It seemed like Talisa got way to much screen time up to that point compared to Cat. And I see what your saying but it felt like the baby gushing and banter (like telling Robb not to kiss her and then they kiss minutes later anyway was very silly and made them look stupid IMO, but that's beside the point) it felt like that was just done to pull emotional strings and get people who might not have liked the characters/or one of the characters to like them. Honestly, when they're talking about the baby can you tell me it was a surprise she said 'let's name him Ned'. Just a cheap way to get people to feel more sorry for her and Robb, but I can see what your saying about the Cat starting to finally accept her part.I'm almost willing to bet if Talisa didn't die LS would blame her for the reason of her and Robb's death. (Am I wrong to think that? Him marrying her was the reason everything happened. Or has she accepted her so much she'd be relieved little Stark lived?)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 07:42 PM.
1413	Ser Steven	2013-06-06	I'm almost willing to bet if Talisa didn't die LS would blame her for the reason of her and Robb's death. (Am I wrong to think that? Him marrying her was the reason everything happened. Or has she accepted her so much she'd be relieved little Stark lived?)I agree with pretty much everything you say. Talissa being pregnant, and wanting to call the baby Ned was definitely in there to get an emotional response from the audience. As for your question, Nah I don't think you are wrong to think that. I do think Talisa would be top 5 on LS' kill list. My guess is LS would assume Talisa surviving meant she was part of the RW. Which let's be honest would probably be the only way Talisa would have survived it.
1414	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I agree with pretty much everything you say. Talissa being pregnant, and wanting to call the baby Ned was definitely in there to get an emotional response from the audience. As for your question, Nah I don't think you are wrong to think that. I do think Talisa would be top 5 on LS' kill list. My guess is LS would assume Talisa surviving meant she was part of the RW. Which let's be honest would probably be the only way Talisa would have survived it.Very true. It just makes me wonder what would have happened if she lived and they keep the LS storyline. I guess being to far gone with revenge would make her not care about killing 'little Ned'. I think that would be a nice poetic way to really have gotten rid of Talisa if she was in fact a spy like so many want to believe. (Though I didn't really think so. I was just going for red herring/badly written character.)Just to try and get back on topic a little, I really loved Roslin's unveiling. The way Edmure reacted to her being pretty, and the look exchange between Walder and Robb was great.I think my favorite scene was probably the apology scene. Just because it was so funny what Walder said in naming his daughters and granddaughters. And then his sly way of insulting Talisa was great. I admit though I wish he would have straight up insulted her, instead of saying 'oh so pretty', because it would have been great to see an actual facial expression from Oona than the blank one. But Robb getting angry and stepping forward still made up for that. Ooh and Frey women making flirty eyes at Blackfish, that had to be one of my favorites.
1415	teemo	2013-06-06	I'm so glad that at least in the very end, it really felt like it was Cat's POV and not TalisaxRobb's.
1416	ebevan91	2013-06-06	I'm so glad that at least in the very end, it really felt like it was Cat's POV and not TalisaxRobb's.That was really the first time in the season that it was Cat's POV.
1417	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Okay, Catelyn had every bit as much to do with Robbs downfall as Talisa did.Catelyn tore the army apart with her release of Jaime Lannister. Karstark turned to the other Lannister prisoners because The Kingslayer could not be punished for the killing of his sons, so he got his cock-eyed revenge as he could. He was emboldened by the lack of stern punishment of Cat for her treason.Cat's betrayal also drove Robb away from her as a trusted advisor. Which Talisa showed she could be.If Catelyn doesn't free Jaime, Robb doesn't break his vow to the Freys. If the army doesn't lose the Karstarks, Bolton doesn't turn cloak.Catelyn destroyed Robb and his army.
1418	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	I don't think you can be wrong in your opinion of things. At least not when it comes to fantasy tv shows or novels.And I agree, Cat is a trooper.Oh she's quite the trooper. Her last act was to murder an innocent girl.
1419	Castel	2013-06-07	Okay, Catelyn had every bit as much to do with Robbs downfall as Talisa did.Catelyn tore the army apart with her release of Jaime Lannister. Karstark turned to the other Lannister prisoners because The Kingslayer could not be punished for the killing of his sons, so he got his cock-eyed revenge as he could. He was emboldened by the lack of stern punishment of Cat for her treason.Cat's betrayal also drove Robb away from her as a trusted advisor. Which Talisa showed she could be.If Catelyn doesn't free Jaime, Robb doesn't break his vow to the Freys. If the army doesn't lose the Karstarks, Bolton doesn't turn cloak.Catelyn destroyed Robb and his army.Causally she's possibly responsible. Not morally though. Robb is a grown-up,he chose to be illogical and selectively ignore her advice in a situation where he knew that she was damn well right.I think my favorite scene was probably the apology scene. Just because it was so funny what Walder said in naming his daughters and granddaughters. And then his sly way of insulting Talisa was great. I admit though I wish he would have straight up insulted her, instead of saying 'oh so pretty', because it would have been great to see an actual facial expression from Oona than the blank one. But Robb getting angry and stepping forward still made up for that. Ooh and Frey women making flirty eyes at Blackfish, that had to be one of my favorites.He doesn't insult Talisa because he doesn't care about Talisa. He would much rather insult Robb, the person he really has a problem with. Well, he kinda does insult Talisa by reducing her to a pretty body but it's more to fuck with Robb.Oh she's quite the trooper. Her last act was to murder an innocent girl. Slightly disturbing how a few reaction videos have people actively calling for her to kill that poor woman.
1420	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	That's half the reason I try not to discuss the very few changes I actually hate. Because I know they're never ending battles and ultimately people like what they like, but then I come here and I just cave in because of seeing those changes held in such high regard compared to the books when most everyone knows Martin most likely doesn't care for the certain ones either lol.TBH, who cares what he thinks? He sold his right to complain. He's the one person who could have prevented all those changes people hate. He took the money.
1421	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	He doesn't insult Talisa because he doesn't care about Talisa. He would much rather insult Robb, the person he really has a problem with. Well, he kinda does insult Talisa by reducing her to a pretty body but it's more to fuck with Robb.Well exactly does she have that's more than a 'pretty' body? She has shown multiple times that she's very dim witted so its not intelligence lol.But back on point this is Walder Frey. He could have easily insulted them both, but it was still good for what it was.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 08:40 AM.
1422	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Well exactly does she have that's more than a 'pretty' body? She has shown multiple times that she's very dim witted so its not intelligence lol.She told Robb he needs to have a plan for after he kills Joffery. He hadn't thought of that.
1423	Senor Drogo	2013-06-07	Okay, Catelyn had every bit as much to do with Robbs downfall as Talisa did.Catelyn tore the army apart with her release of Jaime Lannister. Karstark turned to the other Lannister prisoners because The Kingslayer could not be punished for the killing of his sons, so he got his cock-eyed revenge as he could. He was emboldened by the lack of stern punishment of Cat for her treason.Cat's betrayal also drove Robb away from her as a trusted advisor. Which Talisa showed she could be.If Catelyn doesn't free Jaime, Robb doesn't break his vow to the Freys. If the army doesn't lose the Karstarks, Bolton doesn't turn cloak.Catelyn destroyed Robb and his army.You gotta take it easy man, I get how Catelyn was responsible for most of his downfall, but give  her some credit. She warned Robb not to break his vow and marry another chick, he didnt listen. She told Robb not to trust a Greyjoy, he didnt listen and Winterfell payed the iron price, She told Robb to trust Greywinds insticts, he didnt listen and look what happened. In the end Robb really was responsible for his own downfall.
1424	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	She told Robb he needs to have a plan for after he kills Joffery. He hadn't thought of that.One thing among many idiotic ones doesn't make her smart.
1425	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-07	Oh she's quite the trooper. Her last act was to murder an innocent girl.UnCat FTW.They are really passing up an opportunity here if they skip UnCat. Just imagine the look on Michelle Fairley's face as she points the accusing finger at her pFrey. It would be like watching The Ring.
1426	Senor Drogo	2013-06-07	Did anyone notice how grey wind looked smaller than he did in season 2...
1427	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	UnCat FTW.They are really passing up an opportunity here if they skip UnCat. Just imagine the look on Michelle Fairley's face as she points the accusing finger at her pFrey. It would be like watching The Ring.I am not a fan of the undead angle (because it makes death less significant), but I agree that LS will show up in the finale.You have to give the fans something positive after the Red Wedding trauma.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 07 June 2013 - 09:30 AM.
1428	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	You gotta take it easy man, I get how Catelyn was responsible for most of his downfall, but give  her some credit. She warned Robb not to break his vow and marry another chick, he didnt listen. She told Robb not to trust a Greyjoy, he didnt listen and Winterfell payed the iron price, She told Robb to trust Greywinds insticts, he didnt listen and look what happened. In the end Robb really was responsible for his own downfall.I give her credit for being right about Theon (though that was bad writing by GRRM, like the Karstark betrayal).However, she should have realized that freeing Jaime would make Robb not trust her anymore.
1429	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	But back on point, I still feel Michele absolutely dominated that scene despite the writers best attempts to focus solely on the poor doomed couple that were going to have a baby.If you perceived Michelle as having "absolutely dominated" that scene, then isn't it quite likely that's exactly what the writers and director intended?  Unless you're going to argue that they didn't know what they'd filmed.  If the writers had made their "best attempts to focus solely on the poor doomed couple", as you claim, then Michelle couldn't have dominated that last scene because she wouldn't have had the lines.  In fact, from the moment the first bolt was fired, the writers gave Talisa no lines at all.  Had they truly wanted Michelle to be in the background, they'd have had her shot first, given her no lines, and then had the rest of the scene taken up by Talisa and Robb saying their last words to each other.  But that's not how it was written.When a pregnant woman gets stabbed in the stomach instead of just stabbed in the heart or have her throat cut, and then they focus on Robb touching the belly as soon as he is able to stand, I'm sorry but it felt like they were trying to overshadow Cat.The point of stabbing Talisa in the womb wasn't just the shock of the physical attack -- it was to kill Robb's heir.  The message was "we are wiping out your family".  And while it is true that the focus was on Robb and Talisa at that particular moment in the scene, the entire rest of the scene was written around Catelyn, and they deliberately made her the enduring, last image of the entire episode.  The idea that Fairley somehow shone in spite of how the scene was written ignores the reality that she was given all the lines, and the most screen-time.That was really the first time in the season that it was Cat's POV.I'd say it was certainly Cat's POV when she was standing at the window in Riverrun talking to her uncle about waiting for Hoster Tully to come home, and then breaking down because Bran and Rickon were gone.  And then again when she was knitting and talking about Jon.Talisa was a plot device, an appendage to Robb's character.  She didn't have a single scene, in any episode, that didn't involve Robb, except the one with Catelyn knitting.  Catelyn, on the other hand, had tons of scenes with all sorts of different characters.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 June 2013 - 09:29 AM.
1430	victim	2013-06-07	Another good thing about this episode is that it made me realise that I dislike Daario not for superficial reasons, but because he's a douche.
1431	Zman1863	2013-06-07	Did anyone notice how grey wind looked smaller than he did in season 2...Yeah I do think he came off as a bit diminished and not just because he had little screen time. Another good thing about this episode is that it made me realise that I dislike Daario not for superficial reasons, but because he's a douche.I guess it means they've done a pretty good job with the adaptation. On Catelyn, I don't really think the RW was portrayed in a way that took away from her character or diminished her or focused unduly on Robb and Talissa.The Robb story line has always been a weak spot for the show but to an extent it was inevitable. First, the aging up of the character builds in distortion of his story, and led to the need to change the circumstances of his marriage. Second, the use of secondhand accounts of Robb's activities as occurs in the books is not enough to get a television audience invested in the character. So Robb got more screen time and this inevitably had costs to the portrayal of Catelyn. But I don't really see those problems as being much in evidence in the RW scene. They close Robb's augmented show story with the additions of a few quick moments. But the scene is still Catelyn's as it was in the books.
1432	Castel	2013-06-07	Well exactly does she have that's more than a 'pretty' body? She has shown multiple times that she's very dim witted so its not intelligence lol.But back on point this is Walder Frey. He could have easily insulted them both, but it was still good for what it was.The moral convictions of a  liberal university student?Of course he could have insulted them both but personally ,it was more interesting to me to see him attacking Robb's so-called honor there. Talisa only matters in the sense that she's occupying space that belongs (or should belong, as Frey sees it) to him. Making her squirm is probably of lesser importance to him.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 11:34 AM.
1433	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	The moral convictions of a  liberal university student?Your joking right?There's no colleges in that time and just because she is good at medicine doesn't make her smart. We've seen a few occasions where she isn't very bright.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 10:54 AM.
1434	Castel	2013-06-07	Your joking right?There's no colleges in that time and just because she is good at medicine doesn't make her smart. We've seen a few occasions where she isn't very bright.Have you watched Community? You don't have to be smart to have moral convictions. I wasn't talking about intelligence as much as certain ideas that are common to that group.
1435	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Have you watched Community? You don't have to be smart to have moral convictions. I wasn't talking about intelligence as much as certain ideas that are common to that group.So because she doesn't like slavery like Dany she's immediately some virtuous character that's oh so great and we have to love?
1436	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	So because she doesn't like slavery like Dany she's immediately some virtuous character that's oh so great and we have to love?No, you don't have to love her -- only Robb had to.  In their first meeting, she spouted off against slavery, and about leaving a life of luxury to do good.  She was an idealist in the same way that Robb was, and it was very clear to me that was the core of her appeal to him.  To him, she seemed to have a "Stark-like" code, which got him right in his weak spot.
1437	LilJonUmber	2013-06-07	However, she should have realized that freeing Jaime would make Robb not trust her anymore.Yes, her decision lacked rationale; as those motivated by love so often do.  Losing Robb's trust was likely a consideration, but a price she felt she'd be willing to pay in exchange for her family's safety.A mother's fear for her young will always supercede logic, reasoning and consideration of future consequence.  She viewed the opportunity to free Jamie as her last chance to save Sansa and Arya ... a decision that would've haunted her had she passed on it, and they were ultimately killed by her failure to act. Her captors were the same people that pushed Bran from a tower window, and chopped off her husband's neck.  So, understandably, she feared the worst. Cat's always been one of the more realistic, identifiable characters.  That's why her death was so tragic, to me personally.
1438	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	No, you don't have to love her -- only Robb had to.  In their first meeting, she spouted off against slavery, and about leaving a life of luxury to do good.  She was an idealist in the same way that Robb was, and it was very clear to me that was the core of her appeal to him.  To him, she seemed to have a "Stark-like" code, which got him right in his weak spot.Well there are decent moral beings in the series. I think just because she's not horrible like most other characters go doesn't mean she's much more than a 'pretty' face.
1439	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	What would you guys prefer? Completely vapid and codependent, with absolutely no character development and three lines in the entire series?
Oh yeah, I guess you would.
Talisa had enough going on that she was unique, and far more interesting than Jeyne Plot Device.  Who I don't dislike, by the way (I am completely indifferent to her), I just don't get why people act like she is a superior character when she has the thinnest of the thin character.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Porno, 07 June 2013 - 11:46 AM.
1440	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	What would you guys prefer? Completely vapid and codependent, with absolutely no character development and three lines in the entire series?Oh yeah, I guess you would.Talisa had enough going on that she was unique, and far more interesting than Jeyne Plot Device.  Who I don't dislike, by the way (I am completely indifferent to her), I just don't get why people act like she is a superior character when she has the thinnest of the thin character.So far more interesting means having a character with a modern outlook.I would pass on that type of character since it makes no sense in the world.I honestly don't find her interesting. She's just a knock off of Dany and Arya. I don't think Jeyne was all that interesting either but at least she wasn't a modern outlooking woman that was rather cliche. If the change was actually good I would have preferred it over the books but it wasn't. And oona was very bland to me with little emotional range which didn't help my dislike of the character.Eta; She was just a slightly more fleshed out boring plot device.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 11:51 AM.
1441	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-07	Jeyne wasn't an important character, but that doesn't mean she was a "thin" character. She was a far stronger character in terms of characterisation than Talisa, who is ALSO merely a plot-device for Robb. Actually, Talisa is even more of a plot-device: she was completely "fridged" for Robb's character development, whereas Jeyne out-lived Robb and has a storyline that extends beyond him.
She also has a personality; she's simply shy - which is, you know, a very valid and realistic characteristic. In contrast, Talisa is a Strong Female Character<U+0099> who cheapens the narratives of other female characters; for example, she can walk around a battlefield unprotected and go unmolested, but Brienne - a physically much stronger woman who wears armour - can't even fight alongside her fellow soldiers without constantly fearing rape.
1442	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	I really don't care about this Talisa vs. Jeyne silliness anymore and I'm done talking about it.  I hope everyone will just move on and get over it now that she's dead.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Porno, 07 June 2013 - 12:06 PM.
1443	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I really don't care about this Talisa vs. Jeyne silliness anymore and I'm done talking about it.  I hope everyone will just move on and get over it now that she's dead.You were the one who brought up Jeyne. I was merely talking about Talisa on her own not a comparison. It's you and others confusing people's nitpick of Talisa by automatically assuming they love Jeyne.
1444	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	You were the one who brought up Jeyne. I was merely talking about Talisa on her own not a comparison. It's you and others confusing people's nitpick of Talisa by automatically assuming they love Jeyne.Except that that is what the issue really is.   People can swear up and down to the contrary all they want, but the truth is that they just don't like it because it's different.
1445	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Jeyne wasn't an important character, but that doesn't mean she was a "thin" character. She was a far stronger character in terms of characterisation than Talisa, who is ALSO merely a plot-device for Robb. Actually, Talisa is even more of a plot-device: she was completely "fridged" for Robb's character development, whereas Jeyne out-lived Robb and has a storyline that extends beyond him.She also has a personality; she's simply shy - which is, you know, a very valid and realistic characteristic. In contrast, Talisa is a Strong Female Character<U+0099> who cheapens the narratives of other female characters; for example, she can walk around a battlefield unprotected and go unmolested, but Brienne - a physically much stronger woman who wears armour - can't even fight alongside her fellow soldiers without constantly fearing rape./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I find it stupid Jeyne is bland because she's shy. There's many nice timid girls in the world and its unrealistic there's little to none in the show but yet people say that's okay because we need like every female character to be bad ass.
1446	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Except that that is what the issue really is.   People can swear up and down to the contrary all they want, but the truth is that they just don't like it because it's different.No your throwing around accusations just to act like you superior. I don't like the change because its bad and horribly written. NOT because its simply a change. What the hell don't people understand about that.
1447	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I find it stupid Jeyne is bland because she's shy. There's many nice timid girls in the world and its unrealistic there's little to none in the show but yet people say that's okay because we need like every female character to be bad ass.Nah.  She's just not fleshed out and is basically a nonexistant character (which is fine because she is not important).  If Martin wanted to flesh her out, I'm sure he could have made her compelling with her shyness.  But just being shy doesn't equal good characterization.
1448	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	No your throwing around accusations just to act like you superior. I don't like the change because its bad and horribly written. NOT because its simply a change. What the hell don't people understand about that.Except that it's NOT bad and horribly written.  You just didn't like it (which I have no issue with). I watched the same show you did, and I'm not a stupid person.  And others share my perspective, so I'm not crazy.I don't feel "superior" and have no wish to be.  I don't care.  I'm just calling a spade a spade.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Porno, 07 June 2013 - 12:15 PM.
1449	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Except that it's NOT bad and horribly written.  I watched the same show you did, and I'm not a stupid person.  And others share my perspective, so I'm not crazy.I don't feel "superior" and have no wish to be.  I don't care.  I'm just calling a spade a spade.And there's just as many that I've talked to and unsullied I read on here that didn't like the arc. I've met very few people that like Talisa so just from what my prospective is the lovers seem to be in the minority.So there's just as many if not more that think its a bad and horribly written cliche. Just because you don't think it is doesn't mean it isn't the popular opinion to most people.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 12:17 PM.
1450	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	And there's just as many that I've talked to and unsullied I read on here that didn't like the arc. I've me very few people that like Talisa so just from what my prospective is the lovers seem to be in the minority.So there's just as many if not more that think its a bad and horribly written cliche. Just because you don't think it is doesn't mean it isn't the popular opinion to most people.Well hey like I said if you don't like it, that's cool. I really don't care.It's the "it's objectively bad and horrible and the worst thing ever and if you don't think so you are dumb and don't appreciate the finer things in life" I have a problem with.  As I've said again and again here.
1451	silentwanderer	2013-06-07	I am not a fan of the undead angle (because it makes death less significant), but I agree that LS will show up in the finale.You have to give the fans something positive after the Red Wedding trauma.To me, positive would be a pre bear pit Jaime and Brienne scene.The undead angle strikes me as gritty and necessary more than anything else.
1452	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	Well there are decent moral beings in the series. I think just because she's not horrible like most other characters go doesn't mean she's much more than a 'pretty' face.It's not because she's just "not horrible".  How many other noble-born characters do we see who deliberately give up their wealth and privilege to serve the less fortunate, without any expectation of fame or glory, and without being on the run from some worse fate?  Like her or not (and I personally found her annoying and not all that attractive), her story is very unusual, and as I said, hits Robb right in his idealistic sweet-spot.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 June 2013 - 12:21 PM.
1453	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Well hey like I said if you don't like it, that's cool. I really don't care.It's the "it's objectively bad and horrible and the worst thing ever and if you don't think so you are dumb and don't appreciate the finer things in life" I have a problem with.  As I've said again and again here.I don't think anyone is dumb just because they like it. I just don't see how people can like a bland, modern outlook in a not modern setting and cliche, character who's rather boring to watch on screen. Maybe a different actress with more charisma might have helped me like the change more I don't know.But when people go spewing that I or others hate it just because its a change, that's as insulting as you saying people call the lovers dumb. And I don't find Jeyne being non existent a excuse at all since they very well could have fleshed her out just as much as Talisa. They just choose not to.I just personally think since I do know so many who hate her and Robb together and see very few who do, the writers screwed up since it should be an all around likable character and a love story they want to get behind.
1454	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	It's not because she's just "not horrible".  How many other noble-born characters do we see who deliberately give up their wealth and privilege to serve the less fortunate, without any expectation of fame or glory, and without being on the run from some worse fate?  Like her or not (and I personally found her annoying and not all that attractive), her story is very unusual, and as I said, hits Robb right in his idealistic sweet-spot.All I'm saying is there's not a whole lot more to her than a 'pretty' face. I wasn't trying to insinuate anything else in my responses to you.
1455	Oakenfist	2013-06-07	Clearly Talisa wasn't a badly written character if you watch a show watcher only reaction to the Red Wedding.
In before some book purist tells me his show watcher only friend hates Talisa to validate his point.
1456	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Clearly Talisa wasn't a badly written character if you watch a show watcher only reaction to the Red Wedding.In before some book purist tells me his show watcher only friend hates Talisa to validate his point.Um obviously people are going to react to a pregnant woman stabbed. That doesn't mean they loved or liked her. Just that the death was a horrible way to go....
1457	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	I don't think anyone is dumb just because they like it. I just don't see how people can like a bland, modern outlook in a not modern setting and cliche, character who's rather boring to watch on screen. Maybe a different actress with more charisma might have helped me like the change more I don't know.But when people go spewing that I or others hate it just because its a change, that's as insulting as you saying people call the lovers dumb. And I don't find Jeyne being non existent a excuse at all since they very well could have fleshed her out just as much as Talisa. They just choose not to.I just personally think since I do know so many who hate her and Robb together and see very few who do, the writers screwed up since it should be an all around likable character and a love story they want to get behind.If you say something is "horribly written" you are saying people who liked it and don't think it's horribly written are too dumb to recognize bad writing.OK maybe you didn't dislike her just because it was a change (although with many others here that is clearly the issue), but it's still a matter of personal taste. You said you don't like her because she's "too modern" and you found her "boring" and didn't "get behind her love story."  OK.  I didn't feel that way at all.And regarding the "modern" thing - that's ridiculous because we are talking about a FANTASY story, in which there are already many characters who have characteristics that are more in line with modern perspectives than they are with "medievalish" perspectives, but they are generally mixes.  Talisa was a mix as well - just because they emphasized her idealism doesn't make her "too modern."
1458	Oakenfist	2013-06-07	Um obviously people are going to react to a pregnant woman stabbed. That doesn't mean they loved or liked her. Just that the death was a horrible way to go....In the "nitpick thread" you have people celebrating when Talisa was stabbed violently. That's book purists for you, so no I disagree completely with you.
1459	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	If you say something is "horribly written" you are saying people who liked it and don't think it's horribly written are too dumb to recognize bad writing.No that's not what I personally mean in saying that though like I said I don't see how someone can like it. If you (in general not specifically you) want a cliche love story then Got really shouldn't be the the series to watch or read.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 12:34 PM.
1460	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	In the "nitpick thread" you have people celebrating when Talisa was stabbed violently. That's book purists for you, so no I disagree completely with you.I'm talking about unsullied. Not book readers who hated her. I hated her and am glad she's gone but I didn't 'celebrate'.Eta; And just because they're glad doesn't automatically mean book purism. That's assuming to much from someone that just hated a character.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 12:36 PM.
1461	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	All I'm saying is there's not a whole lot more to her than a 'pretty' face. I wasn't trying to insinuate anything else in my responses to you.And my point is her pretty face wasn't the reason he fell for her.  He fell for her, very clearly, right when she told him about her past.Part of the problem here is that Robb is so much older than in the books.  It's easier to imagine a 15-16 guy falling hard for a girl based on what we were given than it is a guy who appears to be more than 10 years older.  And that really applies both to book Robb and show Robb.  No matter how they did it, it wasn't going to make much sense.Although personally, if they were going to adapt it, a smarter change may have been him not just having sex with Jeyne, but her actually becoming pregnant as being the reason Robb felt compelled to marry her.  Not just because of her honor, but because he's seen what it means to be born a bastard.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 June 2013 - 12:43 PM.
1462	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	And my point is her pretty face wasn't the reason he fell for her.Part of the problem here is that Robb is so much older than in the books.  It's easier to imagine a 15-16 guy falling hard for a girl based on what we were given than it is a guy who appears to be more than 10 years older.  And that really applies both to book Robb and show Robb.  No matter how they did it, it wasn't going to make much sense.Although personally, if they were going to adapt it, a smarter change may have been him not just having sex with Jeyne, but her actually becoming pregnant as being the reason Robb felt compelled to marry her.  Not just because of her honor, but because he's seen what it means to be born a bastard.Your not understanding my point. I had posted that it was a let down Walder Frey didn't actually insult her and someone said it was kind of an insult to reduce her to a 'pretty' face. I'm not saying anything in regards to Robb and how the two hooked up. Just that in general I didn't see a whole lot more to her other than the mentioned having some morals (like the decent people in the series have.)
1463	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	No that's not what I personally mean in saying that though like I said I don't see how someone can like it. If you (in general not specifically you) want a cliche love story then Got really shouldn't be the the series to watch or read.Well I didn't think it was a cliche love story.  Please give me many examples of the cliche so I know what you're talking about. If you're talking about the "king falls in love with a commoner" fantasy trope (if that really is a trope - people here say it is, but I can't think of any examples off the top of my head), well then it's an inversion of it, because we find out very quickly that she is NOT a commoner, but an idealistic highborn lady from a foreign nation who has sworn off the life she is meant to have in order to help those less fortunate and gain personal gratification through altruism.I really like that.  It's a cool angle, in my opinion, and there's a lot more going on there than "just a pretty face," or "just a shy girl in the right place at the right time."  Also, the "shotgun wedding" is a pretty modern cliche.
1464	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Well I didn't think it was a cliche love story.  Please give me many examples of the cliche so I know what you're talking about. If you're talking about the "king falls in love with a commoner" fantasy trope (if that really is a trope - people here say it is, but I can't think of any examples off the top of my head), well then it's an inversion of it, because we find out very quickly that she is NOT a commoner, but an idealistic highborn lady from a foreign nation who has sworn off the life she is meant to have in order to help those less fortunate and gain personal gratification through altruism.I really like that.  It's a cool angle, in my opinion, and there's a lot more going on there than "just a pretty face," or "just a shy girl in the right place at the right time."  Also, the "shotgun wedding" is a pretty modern cliche.In a way it's still a troupe because its a sassy foreigner back talking a king. Even though she's highborn she's still lower status in comparison to a king.I'm saying Talisa as a character in general all she really has is some morals like the other decent in show characters and a 'pretty' face. I don't see it as a cool angle. It's more to me like a 'really?' And an eye roll thing because its very unoriginal and not creative. They could've done so many different things in the context of the world but they didn't.My post isn't very long because honestly I'm sick of beating a dead horse. You and others keep asking for examples but there's no point because when people do post examples they're ignored. It just seems like a massive headache and waste of time to keep writing long posts with lists of examples and then someone only picks out one single one to nitpick on and not mention the rest BUT then go on to say oh you have no examples. (Which I've seen happen many times in many different cases, not just the Talisa argument.)
1465	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	I really like that.  It's a cool angle, in my opinion, and there's a lot more going on there than "just a pretty face," or "just a shy girl in the right place at the right time."  Also, the "shotgun wedding" is a pretty modern cliche.Well, the problem is that if they really wanted to make it a truly fleshed-out romance, with a truly-fleshed out Talisa, that would have taken a lot more screen-time than they were understandably willing to commit to what was essentially a plot device.  They needed to come up with something that wouldn't take a ton of screentime, but that might be convincing.   So, they decided to give her the kind of noble, "good-guy" story that would also reflect well on Robb for loving her for that reason.I actually thought that worked as well as anything else they could have done given the time constraints.
1466	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	In a way it's still a troupe because its a sassy foreigner back talking a king. Even though she's highborn she's still lower status in comparison to a king.I'm saying Talisa as a character in general all she really has is some morals like the other decent in show characters and a 'pretty' face.I don't see it as a cool angle. It's more to me like a 'really?' And an eye roll thing because its very unoriginal and not creative. They could've done so many different things in the context of the world but they didn't.My post isn't very long because honestly I'm sick of beating a dead horse. You and others keep asking for examples but there's no point because when people do post examples they're ignored. It just seems like a massive headache and waste of time to keep writing long posts with lists of examples and then someone only picks out one single one to nitpick on and not mention the rest BUT then go on to say oh you have no examples. (Which I've seen happen many times in many different cases, not just the Talisa argument.)She argues with him in like one, maybe two episodes.  And at that point as far as she's concerned, he ISN'T a king.  He's just a dude going around saying he is.   Later on she is more deferential and concerned about her manners, etc.Once again, she's an idealistic character who's forsaken privilege to do what she feels is right.  Robb falls in love with her because she is a kindred spirit.  More going on there than just a pretty face.  Also, I don't see how it's "unoriginal" or not creative.  However, just so you know, NOTHING is "original," everything is a variation on something that has come before.  And it is creative, because they needed her character to be mobile because Robb was on the move, and she needed to be there for him to fall in love with her.  Making her an idealistic nurse makes perfect sense.As far as examples - I've never seen anyone here post any.  I just tried looking it up, couldn't find anything that encapsulates this scenario, and unless there are at least five examples of the exact same scenario that have repeatedly been used in recent years, then it is not a cliche.So please, if you have specific examples, I would love to hear and discuss them.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Porno, 07 June 2013 - 01:11 PM.
1467	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Well, the problem is that if they really wanted to make it a truly fleshed-out romance, with a truly-fleshed out Talisa, that would have taken a lot more screen-time than they were understandably willing to commit to what was essentially a plot device.  They needed to come up with something that wouldn't take a ton of screentime, but that might be convincing.   So, they decided to give her the kind of noble, "good-guy" story that would also reflect well on Robb for loving her for that reason.I actually thought that worked as well as anything else they could have done given the time constraints.I thought the show went kind of shot gun wedding because they did it pretty quickly after the sex. But that just my opinion. (Not sure if I'm just reading you guys wrong or not but it sounded like you were saying the books was a shot gun wedding?)
1468	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	I thought the show went kind of shot gun wedding because they did it pretty quickly after the sex. But that just my opinion. (Not sure if I'm just reading you guys wrong or not but it sounded like you were saying the books was a shot gun wedding?)Yes, Robb's marriage to Jeyne was DEFINITELY a shotgun wedding.  So if you want to see the marriage on the show as a shotgun wedding, then it actually reflects somewhat the story in the books.  Although personally I think that on the show he did it because he was in love and wanted her to be his wife, not because (he claimed, he could have been lying - and I think he likely was) he felt an obligation like in the book.
1469	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	She argues with him in like one, maybe two episodes.  And at that point as far as she's concerned, he ISN'T a king.  He's just a dude going around saying he is.   Later on she is more deferential and concerned about her manners, etc.Once again, she's an idealistic character who's forsaken privilege to do what she feels is right.  Robb falls in love with her because she is a kindred spirit.  More going on there than just a pretty face.  Also, I don't see how it's "unoriginal" or not creative.  However, just so you know, NOTHING is "original," everything is a variation on something that has come before.  And it is creative, because they needed her character to be mobile because Robb was on the move, and she needed to be there for him to fall in love with her.  Making her an idealistic nurse makes perfect sense.As far as examples - I've never seen anyone here post any.  I just tried looking it up, couldn't find anything that encapsulates this scenario, and unless there are at least five examples of the exact same scenario that have repeatedly been used in recent years, then it is not a cliche.So please, if you have specific examples, I would love to hear and discuss them.There's been examples posted numerously  throughout the site. I wasn't saying this thread in specific. (And I wasn't referring to examples as far as other movies or shows. But examples of what's wrong with her character.)And it doesn't matter what SHE thinks. He was still proclaimed a king. And she still had no right to go around back talking and questioning a war lord about their position and why they were doing what they're doing. That's very rude and also very out of place, even for a highborn noble woman.But like I've said, and you even mentioned, this is really beating a dead horse and I've never seen anyone's opinion changed through these discussions. So we can just agree to disagree. People like what they like. Some like a slightly more fleshed out plot device while others think she's not much more interesting. I'm just gonna say it all comes down to prospective and leave it at that.
1470	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Yes, Robb's marriage to Jeyne was DEFINITELY a shotgun wedding.  So if you want to see the marriage on the show as a shotgun wedding, then it actually reflects somewhat the story in the books.  Although personally I think that on the show he did it because he was in love and wanted her to be his wife, not because (he claimed, he could have been lying - and I think he likely was) he felt an obligation like in the book.It still felt like a rushed wedding to me in the show. And we don't know exactly what happened in the books to say for certain it was rushed with Jeyne. And I'm sure he loved Jeyne and also felt an obligation/honor to her. I don't like they cut the honor part out of the show. It could have been love and honor but no they butchered the honor part.
1471	Khal Porno	2013-06-07	Yeah it definitely does matter what she thinks.  If she thinks he's not a king, then that's her perspective - rightly or wrongly.
And examples of other people saying "it's a cliche" aren't actual examples of it being a cliche.
1472	Miodrag	2013-06-07	If Talisa doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deserve to be qualified under <U+0080><U+009C>horribly written<U+0080><U+009D>, than nobody and nothing does. She<U+0080><U+0099>s amongst the worst creatures of the 21st century fiction, period.She was so poorly written that she destroyed every character she got in contact with. Her infamous remark <U+0080><U+009C>You<U+0080><U+0099>re fighting to overthrow a king and yet you have no plan for what comes after<U+0080><U+009D> would easily be the most absurd line in both ASOIAF and GoT, only if it wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t for Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s response: <U+0080><U+009C>First we have to win the war<U+0080><U+009D>. Really, Robb?! So, Talisa is right and you honestly don<U+0080><U+0099>t have a plan, because otherwise you<U+0080><U+0099>d... what? Tell her?! Right then and there?!And, just remember how <U+0080><U+009C>convincingly<U+0080><U+009D> she objected Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s war back then; just recall that awful dialogue, in which she questioned his strategy and challenged his entire worldviews and exposed his typical <U+0080><U+009C>soullessness of the ruling class<U+0080><U+009D>; and then, after marring him, she<U+0080><U+0099>s all for pardoning Rickard Karstark, because it<U+0080><U+0099>s easier to win a war that way. Talisa, girl, concentrate a little, darling! You oppose wars? Engage fully in them? Judge them by their efficiency? Or depending on whether you<U+0080><U+0099>re married to a king or not?And let<U+0080><U+0099>s not forget the geniality from the scene in which she tells Robb she<U+0080><U+0099>s pregnant: <U+0080><U+009C>ARE YOU MAD AT ME?<U+0080><U+009D> What does it mean? Why the hell would he be mad at her?! For messing up the contraception?!There isn't a single scene with her that's at least understandable, let alone convincing. If she<U+0080><U+0099>s tolerable, what<U+0080><U+0099>s next: TV Qhorin<U+0080><U+0099>s fandom?!
1473	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Yeah it definitely does matter what she thinks.  If she thinks he's not a king, then that's her perspective - rightly or wrongly.And examples of other people saying "it's a cliche" aren't actual examples of it being a cliche.I wasn't saying other examples of the cliche part in particular. But about how her character is unrealistic/not well written.Again it doesn't matter her prospective. He is still a lord/war lord and had no right to go judging him. She's not from their land and has no right to pass her judgements just because she is a 'oh so kind and noble nurse'.
1474	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	If Talisa doesn&rsquo;t deserve to be qualified under &ldquo;horribly written&rdquo;, than nobody and nothing does. She&rsquo;s amongst the worst creatures of the 21st century fiction, period.She was so poorly written that she destroyed every character she got in contact with. Her infamous remark &ldquo;You&rsquo;re fighting to overthrow a king and yet you have no plan for what comes after&rdquo; would easily be the most absurd line in both ASOIAF and GoT, only if it wasn&rsquo;t for Robb&rsquo;s response: &ldquo;First we have to win the war&rdquo;. Really, Robb?! So, Talisa is right and you honestly don&rsquo;t have a plan, because otherwise you&rsquo;d... what? Tell her?! Right then and there?!And, just remember how &ldquo;convincingly&rdquo; she objected Robb&rsquo;s war back then; just recall that awful dialogue, in which she questioned his strategy and challenged his entire worldviews and exposed his typical &ldquo;soullessness of the ruling class&rdquo;; and then, after marring him, she&rsquo;s all for pardoning Rickard Karstark, because it&rsquo;s easier to win a war that way. Talisa, girl, concentrate a little, darling! You oppose wars? Engage fully in them? Judge them by their efficiency? Or depending on whether you&rsquo;re married to a king or not?And let&rsquo;s not forget the geniality from the scene in which she tells Robb she&rsquo;s pregnant: &ldquo;ARE YOU MAD AT ME?&rdquo; What does it mean? Why the hell would he be mad at her?! For messing up the contraception?!There isn't a single scene with her that's at least understandable, let alone convincing. If she&rsquo;s tolerable, what&rsquo;s next: TV Qhorin&rsquo;s fandom?!/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />The Where is Winterfell and I don't think I'd marry anyone was horribly cringing.
1475	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	Just want to clarify that "shotgun wedding" doesn't mean a wedding that happened fast.  It's a wedding that happened because the bride got pregnant (perhaps you can stretch it to had sex).  The "shotgun" comes from the image of the father of the bride forcing a marriage at the point of a shotgun to prevent the embarassment/abandonment of his daughter.
Robb and Talisa weren't a shotgun wedding, and neither were Robb and Jeyne, although that one was a lot closer to the actual definition.
1476	Miodrag	2013-06-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />The Where is Winterfell and I don't think I'd marry anyone was horribly cringing.I often feel sorry for show-only folks, and Talisa is among the main reasons for that. Just look what she did to Roose Bolton. In the books, Roose is the guy who scares even Arya, as we see by the end of ACOK. Literally everyone is at least uncomfortable when around him. And in the show, he<U+0080><U+0099>s the guy who calmly and obediently leaves the tent whenever Talisa enters it! He<U+0080><U+0099>s the one whom she <U+0080><U+009C>puts in his place<U+0080><U+009D> with her oh-so-modern: <U+0080><U+009C>Your men are not my men<U+0080><U+009D>. And who are her men, anyway? Who she belongs to in that moment? Of what possible entity is she part of at the beginning of her <U+0080><U+009C>arc<U+0080><U+009D>?
1477	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I often feel sorry for show-only folks, and Talisa is among the main reasons for that. Just look what she did to Roose Bolton. In the books, Roose is the guy who scares even Arya, as we see by the end of ACOK. Literally everyone is at least uncomfortable when around him. And in the show, he&rsquo;s the guy who calmly and obediently leaves the tent whenever Talisa enters it! He&rsquo;s the one whom she &ldquo;puts in his place&rdquo; with her oh-so-modern: &ldquo;Your men are not my men&rdquo;. And who are her men, anyway? Who she belongs to in that moment? Of what possible entity is she part of at the beginning of her &ldquo;arc&rdquo;?I'm quite glad I read the books after season one. Because now I have the knowledge of an alternate route the writers could have taken (but still tweaked things) and yet they plopped her into the story and pretty much ruined both Robb and Cat's arc. I agree her being there kind of messed things up with Arya and Bolton, because I would have liked to see that even though Tywin and Arya was amusing. And the fact no one ever says anything to her beyond what Bolton said is annoying. Karstark can run his mouth to the king but not call the queen to her face a foreign bitch? And Walder Frey can't say more of an insult than just throwing sexual insinuations out? Okay. To be honest I'm positive I still wouldn't like Talisa even if I saw only the show. She's just not the type of character I've ever liked in a show or movie. She ran her mouth way to much in the first few times we saw her and had no buinsess doing so, I don't like those sort of people. Not to mention she comes across as an idiot more than a few times which just has me shaking my head more at her.I feel sorry too. That's why I went ahead and told a friend of mine of the change once they saw Talisa and already formed their opinion of her.
1478	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-07	Michelle Fairley for Emmy
1479	Miodrag	2013-06-07	To be honest I'm positive I still wouldn't like Talisa even if I saw only the show. She's just not the type of character I've ever liked in a show or movie. She ran her mouth way to much in the first few times we saw her and had no buinsess doing so, I don't like those sort of people. Not to mention she comes across as an idiot more than a few times which just has me shaking my head more at her.I feel sorry too. That's why I went ahead and told a friend of mine of the change once they saw Talisa and already formed their opinion of her.With people who are never going to read the books, I do that all the time, because otherwise they<U+0080><U+0099>d quit the show. My brother and his wife, for example: somewhere around the middle of season 2, they wanted to abandon it, because nothing made sense to them any more. Only when I explained what was changed in <U+0080><U+009C>adaptation<U+0080><U+009D>, they continued watching it because they could suddenly see the big picture. But after that horrible finale of the second season, they did loose all the interest for the show. (I was so proud of my brother <U+0080><U+0093> and of my storytelling abilities, probably <U+0080><U+0093> when he, without me telling anything, saw right through House of The Undying blasphemy. Immediately after he saw the episode, he phoned me and said: <U+0080><U+009C>I<U+0080><U+0099>m positive that Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s scene doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t exist in the book<U+0080><U+009D>.) My brother who, like, didn<U+0080><U+0099>t read a single book after coming out of high-school, said he might read the novels eventually, but that he certainly isn<U+0080><U+0099>t going to waste any of his time on GoT. And I have a few friends who reacted similarly and quit the show at some point during the previous season. In fact, of some dozen or so show-watchers I know, only two of them are still watching.
1480	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	With people who are never going to read the books, I do that all the time, because otherwise they&rsquo;d quit the show. My brother and his wife, for example: somewhere around the middle of season 2, they wanted to abandon it, because nothing made sense to them any more. Only when I explained what was changed in &ldquo;adaptation&rdquo;, they continued watching it because they could suddenly see the big picture. But after that horrible finale of the second season, they did loose all the interest for the show. (I was so proud of my brother &ndash; and of my storytelling abilities, probably &ndash; when he, without me telling anything, saw right through House of The Undying blasphemy. Immediately after he saw the episode, he phoned me and said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m positive that Dany&rsquo;s scene doesn&rsquo;t exist in the book&rdquo;.) My brother who, like, didn&rsquo;t read a single book after coming out of high-school, said he might read the novels eventually, but that he certainly isn&rsquo;t going to waste any of his time on GoT. And I have a few friends who reacted similarly and quit the show at some point during the previous season. In fact, of some dozen or so show-watchers I know, only two of them are still watching.Wow really? I went ahead and told my friend because while I know she's going to read the books, she's still only on the first one. She doesn't get to watch the show right when the season comes out because they don't have hbo so it takes a bit for her to catch up, but pretty much she has the same exact views as me in hating Talisa. (We even share the same opinion the actress who plays Roslin looked much more his type lol. And who knows I still think a different actress with more charisma and more emotional/facial range might have helped.) I think I'm seriously going to contact my cousins through Facebook, they watch the show and I really doubt they will ever read the books. Since they live in a different state I don't talk to them much but I've been wanting to ask for awhile what they think of the show and characters. I'm curious to see if they actually like Robb's new love interst or if they just didn't care about her. (Being guys I'm almost positive if they do like her it'll be for shallow 'she is pretty' reasons.) heck that's the reason why one of them started watching, he woke up one day and saw the scene with Dany naked at the end of season one with the dragons and said it combined his two favorite things lol.I'll probably tell them of changes if they don't like certain things and if they say there's things they don't like or understand that I know was something made up and not done in the books.But yeah my friend, and then people I've talked to on other sites (that are not even slightly related to the show or books) don't like her. I casually mentioned her one time to someone and they was like 'we don't need to talk about that annoying twit' or something along those lines.
1481	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-06-07	All this discussion about Talisa has already ruined my weekend. Thanks
1482	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	All this discussion about Talisa has already ruined my weekend. ThanksYeah that's exactly how I feel every time I'm sucked into a conversation.I'm taking it you don't like her? Or is it that you don't care but hate reading of her all the time? (Merely curious.)
1483	Miodrag	2013-06-07	Wow really?Honestly, around me I only see people like you and other critics, who are very disappointed with GoT. I usually don't bring this up because numbers are going for HBO at the moment. They're probably going to break the record in ratings with next episode, so what's the point of talking about people I know. But yeah, people I know are actually very unhappy with the show. I just counted: there are 14 ASOIAF readers in my circle; you know, persons I'm in frequent, almost everyday contact; and among them, I believe only three of us are still watching the show. And I already described the situation in show-only section. To conclude, out of some 30 watchers of GoT I know, there's like five of us left.
					
					
							Edited by NotYourSir, 07 June 2013 - 02:20 PM.
1484	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Honestly, around me I only see people like you and other critics, who are very disappointed with GoT. I usually don't bring this up because numbers are going for HBO at the moment. They're probably going to break the record in ratings with next episode, so what's the point of talking about people I know. But yeah, people I know are actually very unhappy with the show. I just counted: there are 14 ASOIAF readers in my circle; you know, persons I'm in frequent, almost everyday contact; and among them, I believe only three of us are still watching the show. And I already described the situation in show-only section. To conclude, out of some 30 watchers of GoT I know, there's like five of us left.Wow I can understand why they've quit, but I do try to still enjoy the show despite not liking things. I'm disappointed with some of the changes but most I just accept them that aren't so bad. Talisa is like the only one I really hate. There's others, like Tyrion whitewashing that is frustrating too though. In a way I envy my cousins because they can basically enjoy the show without knowing all the changes (though I'm sure there's things they don't like or enjoy about the show). But at the same time I feel bad knowing it could be so much better and something they could enjoy even more if things had been written better in the show. And I know what you mean, for the most part I only ever see critics who dislike her. This is the only place I've seen where people like her, and even then I've only seen a handful of them.
1485	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-06-07	Yeah that's exactly how I feel every time I'm sucked into a conversation.I'm taking it you don't like her? Or is it that you don't care but hate reading of her all the time? (Merely curious.)I've read all the books, but was actually indifferent. I thought she's replacing a character which I really didn't care about in the books so no big deal. But now that you all have pointed out how dumb her character really is she's starting to annoy me. The change of being a nurse and foreign doesn't bother me. But her stupid actions, dialoge and contradicting personality arc does.However, I'm still in love with the show. My complaints are minor compared to my enjoyment. The only time I was truly pissed at the show was when they completely butchered one of my all time favorite chapters: House of the Undying.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 07 June 2013 - 02:58 PM.
1486	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I've read all the books, but was actually indifferent. I thought she's replacing a character which I really didn't care about in the books so no big deal. But now that you all have pointed out how dumb her character really is she's starting to annoy me. The change of being a nurse and foreign doesn't bother me. But her stupid actions, dialoge and contradicting personality arc does.However, I'm still in love with the show. My complaints are minor compared to my enjoyment. The only time I was truly pissed at the show was when they completely butchered one of my all time favorite chapters: House of the Undying.Aah yeah that's how I feel. It's not so much that they decided to replace Jeyne, but the things she does. It kind of annoys me why she had to be foreign, because I don't understand why she couldn't have just been from a bannermen that wasn't their enemy. And I wouldn't have minded if she was some woman going around wanting to help tend the wounded, I just don't like the way they went about it and how I feel the way they did it, and lack of story telling, made it unrealistic for multiple reasons.I still like the show, it's just things like her that bother me, or HotU was a really stupid scene, or making Tyrion so much nicer than in the books is a bit frustrating, but I still pretty much like it even if there is one change I hate and others that I don't mind so much but don't particularly care for either. (The fact I really empathized with Cat in the books and how she got shafted from the change is probably a big reason why I dislike it so much. Not to mention Robb looks a bit more selfish, but again part of that I think is from bad writing as they did the change.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 03:17 PM.
1487	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	Honestly, around me I only see people like you and other critics, who are very disappointed with GoT. I usually don't bring this up because numbers are going for HBO at the moment. They're probably going to break the record in ratings with next episode, so what's the point of talking about people I know. But yeah, people I know are actually very unhappy with the show. I just counted: there are 14 ASOIAF readers in my circle; you know, persons I'm in frequent, almost everyday contact; and among them, I believe only three of us are still watching the show. And I already described the situation in show-only section. To conclude, out of some 30 watchers of GoT I know, there's like five of us left.I really love all the anecdotal evidence for why the show sucks, and yet the viewership continues to grow to epic proportions. While viewership is obviously not a legitimate judge of quality, neither are all the so called book fans that continue to leave by the droves and yet somehow still manage to annoy those of us that enjoy the show with their incessant whining about how terrible it is.And for all the people that hate the whole Talisa storyline, I'm am so thankful they did something, anything, other than the Westerling contrivances. That plot was silly in the books, but would have come off as horrible television.
					
					
							Edited by Wunhopkuendo, 07 June 2013 - 03:20 PM.
1488	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	And for all the people that hate the whole Talisa storyline, I'm am so thankful they did something, anything, other than the Westerling contrivances. That plot was silly in the books, but would have come off as horrible television.I don't think it would have come off horribly if they tweaked things a bit. Like showing the relationship on screen then how the books have Robb disappear and come back married. Plus they could have easily fleshed Jeyne out more to make her an interesting character. (Some people love using the fact she didn't have much of a personality.) But like I said, I wouldn't have minded the change so much if they had done a better/more realistic job with it. From what my opinion is though, and many people I've talked to, it wasn't a very well written change and lack of charm/emotional and physical range from the actress really didn't help matters in my hatred/dislike for the character.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 03:25 PM.
1489	Miodrag	2013-06-07	I really love all the anecdotal evidence for why the show sucks, and yet the viewership continues to grow to epic proportions. While viewership is obviously not a legitimate judge of quality, neither are all the so called book fans that continue to leave by the droves and yet somehow still manage to annoy those of us that enjoy the show with their incessant whining about how terrible it is.And for all the people that hate the whole Talisa storyline, I'm am so thankful they did something, anything, other than the Westerling contrivances. That plot was silly in the books, but would have come off as horrible television.So, you're not a fan of the books and only the HBO show satisfies you? Is that right? Since you think Jeyne's subplot is silly, you probably wasn't impressed with the Red Wedding in the novels. If a plot starts with something that silly, it's hard to buy it, I guess. If I thought Robb falling for Jeyne silly, I certainly would've be taken out of the story that's built around that particular development. So, we can conclude that, when reading, you were probably relived when RW came, because you didn't have to suffer through that storyline anymore. Good for you.I'll even go further and take your post as a personal compliment on my account. I mean, here's GRRM, struggling to make you care for Robb and his love interest, wasting hundreds of pages in the task, and still failing completely. He didn't fool you for a second, it seems. On the other hand, I managed to provoke your emotional response with no more than few posts. Wow. Thanks.
1490	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	I don't think it would have come off horribly if they tweaked things a bit. Like showing the relationship on screen then how the books have Robb disappear and come back married. Plus they could have easily fleshed Jeyne out more to make her an interesting character. (Some people love using the fact she didn't have much of a personality.) But like I said, I wouldn't have minded the change so much if they had done a better/more realistic job with it. From what my opinion is though, and many people I've talked to, it wasn't a very well written change and lack of charm/emotional and physical range from the actress really didn't help matters in my hatred/dislike for the character.You don't think the "ahahaha you didn't know that your wife's mom was in on the betrayal the whole time! Tywin played you perfectly knowing you would fall in love with the first pretty face you saw that was around to tend to your wounds, would have sex with her, would marry her to preserve her honour, and would fall prey to a butt hurt Walder Frey!" And yet somehow Tywin still gets out maneuvered in each battle against Robb?Yeah that would have come off really well. No amount of charisma could fix that convoluted storyline.I agree with you that Talisa didn't have a lot of charisma, or at least wasn't written as such seeing how the actress had it a few short instances. But to say that her storyline is worse, especially for television, than the original is a bit of a short-sighted book purism in my opinion. Not everything GRRM writes is gospel. In fact, he isn't even all the great of a writer. His one trick pony is that he is willing to kill off his/your favorite characters at will. As you can see from the last two books, that isn't enough to carry an entire series. I really hope he has a few more tricks up his sleeve for the final two books.
1491	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I really hope so. I hate the speculation of UnTalisa. It's so much more powerful a mother wanting revenge for her children than just one who lost a husband and child that wasn't even born. Cat is so much closer to the stark story than a widow and Jaime/Breenie isn't going to recognize her unless they stereotype and go 'oh I think she's the foreigner that married Robb' lol. But who knows, with some of the things D&D do, I could almost see that.Forget unTalisa. I want unNedfetus. He could have a little cloak, and Thoros could keep him in his pocket. Maybe his commands could be so quiet that only Thoros could hear them.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 07 June 2013 - 03:48 PM.
1492	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I agree with you that Talisa didn't have a lot of charisma, or at least wasn't written as such seeing how the actress had it a few short instances. But to say that her storyline is worse, especially for television, than the original is a bit of a short-sighted book purism in my opinion. Not everything GRRM writes is gospel. In fact, he isn't even all the great of a writer. His one trick pony is that he is willing to kill off his/your favorite characters at will. As you can see from the last two books, that isn't enough to carry an entire series. I really hope he has a few more tricks up his sleeve for the final two books.Personally I would have changed the arc a little bit and just made her a bannermen from a house that wasn't loyal to the Lannisters.But seeing as Oona mostly had blank faces in almost every scene, I'm going to have to disagree it was solely the writing that was short sighted. I'm not saying she's a horrible actress, just not a very good one and especially not compared to the others in the show.Wow so clearly you don't like the books if your going to insult them that much. And to call me a book purist for not liking ONE out of the many changes in the show, that's very short minded and not insightful at all. I wasn't saying the book version was so much better, but what the writers did do with the change in story is probably one of the most butchered ones in the show. More so than Dany and Jon because they've actually been doing well this season. Talisa doesn't exactly have a memorable scene except her brutal death. There's nothing very captivating about her other than some guys who watch it swoon over her and let that override the fact she really isn't very interesting and helped in making Robb and Catelyn look worse than their book counterparts.
1493	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	So, you're not a fan of the books and only the HBO show satisfies you? Is that right? Since you think Jeyne's subplot is silly, you probably wasn't impressed with the Red Wedding in the novels. If a plot starts with something that silly, it's hard to buy it, I guess. If I thought Robb falling for Jeyne silly, I certainly would've be taken out of the story that's built around that particular development. So, we can conclude that, when reading, you were probably relived when RW came, because you didn't have to suffer through that storyline anymore. Good for you.I'll even go further and take your post as a personal compliment on my account. I mean, here's GRRM, struggling to make you care for Robb and his love interest, wasting hundreds of pages in the task, and still failing completely. He didn't fool you for a second, it seems. On the other hand, I managed to provoke your emotional response with no more than few posts. Wow. Thanks.Yeah, you didn't put any words in my mouth there. Of course I was fooled at the RW, and threw my book against the wall like everyone else did. It was the afterward of the events where it came about as a silly plot line. In the book, it comes together a little better than it would have for television though. In the show, it looks like Tywin puts together a brilliant betrayal since he can't beat Robb on the field of battle, hence the change of Lannisters send their regards. Changing it to look like he is omniscient enough to know that Robb will fall hook line and sinker for his convoluted plot is really contrived. But that's just my opinion. Far from an emotional response directed at you over such wittiness in your "no more than a few posts."
1494	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Forget unTalisa. I want unNedfetus. He could have a little cloak, and Thoros could keep him in his pocket. Maybe his commands could be so quiet that only Thoros could hear them.This made my day lol. A nice relief from all this annoying back and forth of a character who was just used as a plot device just like Jeyne in the books.
1495	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-07	You don't think the "ahahaha you didn't know that your wife's mom was in on the betrayal the whole time! Tywin played you perfectly knowing you would fall in love with the first pretty face you saw that was around to tend to your wounds, would have sex with her, would marry her to preserve her honour, and would fall prey to a butt hurt Walder Frey!" And yet somehow Tywin still gets out maneuvered in each battle against Robb?Yeah that would have come off really well. No amount of charisma could fix that convoluted storyline. But... that's not what happened. Robb and Jeyne fell in love (or, for the more cynical, had sex), so Sybell used it to make sure the Westerlings would not end up like the Reynes of Castamere. Tywin did not orchestrate it, nor does he ever claim to have done so; he just reacted to Robb's bad decision.
1496	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	Personally I would have changed the arc a little bit and just made her a bannermen from a house that wasn't loyal to the Lannisters.But seeing as Oona mostly had blank faces in almost every scene, I'm going to have to disagree it was solely the writing that was short sighted. I'm not saying she's a horrible actress, just not a very good one and especially not compared to the others in the show.Wow so clearly you don't like the books if your going to insult them that much. And to call me a book purist for not liking ONE out of the many changes in the show, that's very short minded and not insightful at all. I wasn't saying the book version was so much better, but what the writers did do with the change in story is probably one of the most butchered ones in the show. More so than Dany and Jon because they've actually been doing well this season. Talisa doesn't exactly have a memorable scene except her brutal death. There's nothing very captivating about her other than some guys who watch it swoon over her and let that override the fact she really isn't very interesting and helped in making Robb and Catelyn look worse than their book counterparts.I'm not singling you out as a book purists. If you are or aren't one, good for you either way. It's my opinion that the hatred for Talisa comes most vehemently from book purists with an axe to grind. I mean the show is far from perfect and I, like you, started to get bored in season two with the complete flatness of Dany and Jon (although in all fairness I felt this way with their book counterparts at the time). There is actually quite a bit of changes to complain about, if one were so inclined. But bitching about the switch to Talisa, someone that Robb falls in love with because of the wit/charm/beauty he sees in her, from Jeyne, a mere plot device to get Robb to the RW, is where I see the short-sightedness.And on Oona, maybe I give her acting a pass due to that really fine ass. I am still a red blooded man after all.
1497	King of the Road	2013-06-07	Forget unTalisa. I want unNedfetus. He could have a little cloak, and Thoros could keep him in his pocket. Maybe his commands could be so quiet that only Thoros could hear them.http://static.tumblr...r2hg7o2_250.gifBrilliant!
1498	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	But... that's not what happened. Robb and Jeyne fell in love (or, for the more cynical, had sex), so Sybell used it to make sure the Westerlings would not end up like the Reynes of Castamere. Tywin did not orchestrate it, nor does he ever claim to have done so; he just reacted to Robb's bad decision.We know that, but no matter how well they were to try to tell that to the audience, it would not have come off that way. Look at all the "Talisa is a spy" theories abound this season. Rather than a gift that fell in Tywin's lap, the whole ordeal would appear as if Tywin planned it all.
1499	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I'm not singling you out as a book purists. If you are or aren't one, good for you either way. It's my opinion that the hatred for Talisa comes most vehemently from book purists with an axe to grind. I mean the show is far from perfect and I, like you, started to get bored in season two with the complete flatness of Dany and Jon (although in all fairness I felt this way with their book counterparts at the time). There is actually quite a bit of changes to complain about, if one were so inclined. But bitching about the switch to Talisa, someone that Robb falls in love with because of the wit/charm/beauty he sees in her, from Jeyne, a mere plot device to get Robb to the RW, is where I see the short-sightedness.And on Oona, maybe I give her acting a pass due to that really fine ass. I am still a red blooded man after all.Talisa isn't much more than Jeyne as far as plot device goes. Heck I'd say Jeyne is more important because at least she survived and Robb didn't stupidly bring her to the wedding like was done in the show. I don't understand how 'ooh back sass that automatically makes her more than a plot device' when she's still basically just that. Jeyne could have been fleshed out but people just choose to ignore that and say how flat she was when it actually takes more work to create a new character than to tweak and flesh out an existing one IMO. Plus honestly Oona and Madden had absolutely no chemistry IMO. Only the banter before their deaths even looked even remotely convincing to me. So I don't see them as in love, or that she's very intelligent (there's a few scenes that show her as a complete moron). I also don't see the as two people that would be attracted to each other. (Yes I know that's more perceived on their looks and I can't see them liking one another but still, lack of chemistry didn't help my thinking in that.)See. I'm a girl and also the fact I take classes and am looking to act, that's why I pay more attention than to just 'ooh hot (insert name here) is in the screen.' It seems silly people give her a pass just because they think she's attractive. (I'm not in that group though seeing as I think other actresses in the show are prettier in comparison.) It's really shallow to base someone's acting ability off their looks.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 04:26 PM.
1500	Miodrag	2013-06-07	Maybe I<U+0080><U+0099>m wrong, but this hole notion that Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s infatuation with Jeyne isn<U+0080><U+0099>t plausible probably started nearly two years ago, soon after D&D announced they<U+0080><U+0099>re going to expand Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s arc in Season 2. At first, many fans reacted like: <U+0080><U+009C>Looking forward to see Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s campaign in the West and his romance with Jeyne<U+0080><U+009D>. And, when it became known that there are going to be some substantial changes in that subplot, all hell broke loose <U+0080><U+0093> suddenly, there were loads of fans claiming Jeyne character was contrived and it<U+0080><U+0099>s so good that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s going to fix that.
Even if you think Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s subplot was bad, I honestly can<U+0080><U+0099>t see how did HBO fix it for you, by omitting the crucial, most important element: Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s grief over his kid brothers, whose death he greatly contributed to by sending Theon to Pyke. In my eyes, it had nothing to do with age, as some claim. Men of all ages fall for wrong women all the time. I bet all those smart-asses who criticize Robb/GRRM, would never managed to resist much weaker temptation, let alone something like Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s. And it has nothing to do with Tywin. I<U+0080><U+0099>m pretty sure Tywin nor Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s mother didn<U+0080><U+0099>t orchestrate Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s infatuation with Jeyne. They only used it to no ends afterwards, but how could they incept it? How could<U+0080><U+0099>ve Tywin even communicate with Westerlings, once The Crag was conquered by the Northerners?
But, all that aside, I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t understand people refusing to buy Jeyne, and then buying the Red Wedding. If Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s a plothole, than so is RW. Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s marriage to Jeyne is the core reason for RW; other factors fell in nicely, but in the core of it all is Robb falling for Jeyne (and Jeyne for him, by the way); without it, there is no RW. There can be RW without Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s involvement, or without Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s mother, but not without Robb falling in love with a girl he wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t betrothed to, i.e. Jeyne. If I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t find it plausible, the RW would<U+0080><U+0099>ve never hit me so hard. All the time I<U+0080><U+0099>d be suspicious of everything that came out of that contrivance. Not suspicious in the way an ASOIAF reader is meant to be (foreshadowing and everything), but in the way all the authors dread: everything that springs out of that contrivance would<U+0080><U+0099>ve been artificial for me. I really think that one can<U+0080><U+0099>t buy RW, if one doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t buy Jeyne. And with millions of readers that were affected so strongly by RW, I<U+0080><U+0099>d say Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s was pretty believable character, even if she was a plot-device. There are plot-devices and plot-devices; almost every story needs them; and this one was successful, I say.
Until HBO decided to change it in their adaptation.
					
					
							Edited by NotYourSir, 07 June 2013 - 04:26 PM.
1501	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	http://static.tumblr...r2hg7o2_250.gifBrilliant!thanks! love the gif. What's working for me is I can totally see Thoros lifting this tiny cloaked thing up to his ear and making pronouncements.  Then somebody wrests it away from him and finds out it was just a potato.I swear, every second with Paul Kaye onscreen as Thoros is pure gold.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 07 June 2013 - 04:43 PM.
1502	Miodrag	2013-06-07	It was the afterward of the events where it came about as a silly plot line.Oh, afterward? Only afterward, and not during the events, right? Well, why didn't you say so? From reading your first post, I got an impression you resisted Jeyne from the start. After all, she was a silly plot, as you say, and silly plots are to be renounced from the very start by witty readers such as yourself.And now for real: if you read your post once more, you'll probably see it is you being angry at me and other critics of the show, not the other way around. (By the way, I won't mind if you call me a purist; the way some readers justify this adaptation and criticize ASOIAF in doing so, I'm more and more pleased with the purist reputation.) And it happens often. Show-lovers tend to attack us purists all the time. Which is fine, so long as they don't accuse us of whining.
1503	David Selig	2013-06-07	Maybe I<U+0080><U+0099>m wrong, but this hole notion that Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s infatuation with Jeyne isn<U+0080><U+0099>t plausible probably started nearly two years ago, soon after D&D announced they<U+0080><U+0099>re going to expand Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s arc in Season 2. I think you are wrong. Look at the the archives of the board, there are a lot of posts and threads with complaints how contrived and implausible this is. I wrote some of them. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Even if you think Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s subplot was bad, I honestly can<U+0080><U+0099>t see how did HBO fix it for you, by omitting the crucial, most important element: Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s grief over his kid brothers, whose death he greatly contributed to by sending Theon to Pyke. In my eyes, it had nothing to do with age, as some claim. Men of all ages fall for wrong women all the time. I bet all those smart-asses who criticize Robb/GRRM, would never managed to resist much weaker temptation, let alone something like Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s. And it has nothing to do with Tywin. I<U+0080><U+0099>m pretty sure Tywin nor Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s mother didn<U+0080><U+0099>t orchestrate Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s infatuation with Jeyne. They only used it to no ends afterwards, but how could they incept it? How could<U+0080><U+0099>ve Tywin even communicate with Westerlings, once The Crag was conquered by the Northerners?But, all that aside, I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t understand people refusing to buy Jeyne, and then buying the Red Wedding. If Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s a plothole, than so is RW. Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s marriage to Jeyne is the core reason for RW; other factors fell in nicely, but in the core of it all is Robb falling for Jeyne (and Jeyne for him, by the way); without it, there is no RW. There can be RW without Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s involvement, or without Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s mother, but not without Robb falling in love with a girl he wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t betrothed to, i.e. Jeyne. If I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t find it plausible, the RW would<U+0080><U+0099>ve never hit me so hard. The falling in love is plausible, it's the marriage itself which is extremely contrived IMO. As for buying the Red Wedding, I don't see what's the problem. It doesn't hurt its emotional intensity and impact one bit for me.
1504	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-07	We know that, but no matter how well they were to try to tell that to the audience, it would not have come off that way. Look at all the "Talisa is a spy" theories abound this season. Rather than a gift that fell in Tywin's lap, the whole ordeal would appear as if Tywin planned it all.I think that's a huge stretch. Tywin, Roose and the Freys orchestrated a plan in response to Robb's marriage, but that doesn't mean anyone would assume Tywin was behind it. And if that was the fear, why not just make it explicit that Tywin was not involved?As far as I can tell, it was mostly book readers who thought Talisa was a spy.ETA: Personally I don't think Robb's quick wedding to Jeyne was a great idea. I just think that Talisa as a character is a lot worse.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 07 June 2013 - 04:48 PM.
1505	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	The falling in love is plausible, it's the marriage itself which is extremely contrived IMO.So the fact Robb in the books is so much his fathers son is way to contrived for it to be possible he wants to preserve a girls honor? Wow okay. Clearly there's people out there that don't understand what the Starks morals are about. (Or the ones that Ned was instilling in his kids anyway.)
1506	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I don't know if there's something wrong with me, but my first reaction to reading the RW chapter was pure relief that I would never have to read another Catelyn POV chapter.
It's a testament to Fairley that she made me like Cat, and the show RW was much more emotional for me.
1507	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I don't know if there's something wrong with me, but my first reaction to reading the RW chapter was pure relief that I would never have to read another Catelyn POV chapter.It's a testament to Fairley that she made me like Cat, and the show RW was much more emotional for me.It was the exact opposite for me lol. I didn't care to much for her season one, then I went and read the books, came back to the show and then realized how much more I liked Cat and how good Michelle's acting is despite the fact she got shafted a lot of season two and three.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 04:52 PM.
1508	David Selig	2013-06-07	So the fact Robb in the books is so much his fathers son is way to contrived for it to be possible he wants to preserve a girls honor? Wow okay. Clearly there's people out there that don't understand what the Starks morals are about. (Or the ones that Ned was instilling in his kids anyway.)Ned was far too responsible to throw away an army in the middle of the war and far too honorable to break a vow and a seripis deal he'd already made. He wouldn't have married Jeyne if he was in Robb's place, I am sure of this.
1509	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I think you are wrong. Look at the the archives of the board, there are a lot of posts and threads with complaints how contrived and implausible this is. I wrote some of them. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The falling in love is plausible, it's the marriage itself which is extremely contrived IMO.When Roose called her "my Queen," this season it really hit home how silly the marriage seemed.
1510	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	Ned was far too responsible to throw away an army in the middle of the war and far too honorable to break a vow and a seripis deal he'd already made. He wouldn't have married Jeyne if he was in Robb's place, I am sure of this.I think you are right about this.  However, I think it is possible that a 15-16 year old Robb might have miscontrued how is father would have acted.  Especially if he was sporting a boner.I mean, realistically, it is quite possible that "I had to marry her for the sake of honor" was as much a rationalization for marrying the woman he wanted as it was the actual truth.  Admittedly, that's not something I think GRRM himself implied in the text, though.When Roose called her "my Queen," this season it really hit home how silly the marriage seemed.I think that may just be Roose mocking the whole thing, though not openly enough to cause an issue.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 June 2013 - 04:56 PM.
1511	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Ned was far too responsible to throw away an army in the middle of the war and far too honorable to break a vow and a seripis deal he'd already made. He wouldn't have married Jeyne if he was in Robb's place, I am sure of this.I can agree I don't think Ned would have cheated no matter what was happening and what grieving news he got. But I think if he wasn't married, and in Robb's position, I think he would have married Jeyne. Or maybe it was just the fact that Robb was raised up by his honorable father that made him realize he had to fix the horrible situation once he took her innocence. Either way it was derived from the fact he has Stark morals. It doesn't matter if Ned would have had sex with her, but I think he would have tried to fix the situation as best he could in that situation, like Robb had attempted to do.
1512	Castel	2013-06-07	We know that, but no matter how well they were to try to tell that to the audience, it would not have come off that way. Look at all the "Talisa is a spy" theories abound this season. Rather than a gift that fell in Tywin's lap, the whole ordeal would appear as if Tywin planned it all.Except that the theory was probably influenced by book viewers' own theories about Jeyne. And even so...so what? They'll end up being proven wrong. This happens. Tough shit. And all it would take to disprove this notion is Tywin uttering a few lines. Clearly an insurmountable problem.While I think it's sappy as all fuck (and even more emotionally manipulative than usual-or at least more hamfisted at it) FLOW's concerns about the time constraints and the audience swallowing the cultural dissonance probably weighed more on the minds of the producers.
1513	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I think that may just be Roose mocking the whole thing, though not openly enough to cause an issue.I got that too. McElhatton can do so much with just the tiniest fluctuation of tone and expression.  He will be #1 on the casting list if there is ever a Vladimir Putin biopic.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 07 June 2013 - 05:16 PM.
1514	Miodrag	2013-06-07	I think you are wrong. Look at the the archives of the board, there are a lot of posts and threads with complaints how contrived and implausible this is. I wrote some of them. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The falling in love is plausible, it's the marriage itself which is extremely contrived IMO.As for buying the Red Wedding, I don't see what's the problem. It doesn't hurt its emotional intensity and impact one bit for me.Respectfully <U+0080><U+0093> and partially <U+0080><U+0093> disagree about Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s marriage. I took it as a sign of him having it enough: he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t want to fight any more in a war he<U+0080><U+0099>s wining all the time but can<U+0080><U+0099>t ever win for good. He says he married Jeyne for her honor, but, with GRRM<U+0080><U+0099>s characters being often in denial over themselves, I always thought that explanation was his way to justify the mistake in his own eyes. He always knew it<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be a mistake, but he went through with it anyway, because, after practically surrendering the war against Lannisters, he wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t able (or maybe didn<U+0080><U+0099>t want) to see how big the mistake really is. In a way, it isn<U+0080><U+0099>t unsimilar with Cat releasing Jaime: after receiving news of Bran and Rickon<U+0080><U+0099>s death, both she and Robb knew the war against Lannisters is lost, and started to pull out of it (the only difference being, Cat actually did something that made sense, because Jaime was the man she sensed in that conversation in the Riverrun dungeon, while Robb did something utterly foolish, even if Jeyne was the woman that deserved his love and respect, as appears to be the case according to her stand after the RW). That<U+0080><U+0099>s why I did and I do buy his marriage to Jeyne, by trying to look beyond his verbal justification. And that<U+0080><U+0099>s why I believed Roose in ADWD when he said to Theon that taking the Winterfell from Starks did end the war.Anyway, I wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t this frequent on Westeros.org prior to last year. I<U+0080><U+0099>m even relatively knew to the forum culture (actually, this one is the first one I<U+0080><U+0099>m taking an active participation in), so I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t notice complaints on Jeyne that existed here. Earlier, fans<U+0080><U+0099> reaction that was on my radar were posts under articles on newspapers<U+0080><U+0099> sites and portals. From what I see now, you old-timers from Westeros.org probably went through every humanly possible subject concerning ASOIAF.
					
					
							Edited by NotYourSir, 07 June 2013 - 05:20 PM.
1515	Miodrag	2013-06-07	Ned was far too responsible to throw away an army in the middle of the war and far too honorable to break a vow and a seripis deal he'd already made. He wouldn't have married Jeyne if he was in Robb's place, I am sure of this.With this I completely agree. It doesn't mean Robb got what he deserved, of course (nor am I implying you implied that), just that I don't buy "Robb was his father's son" explanation. Robb was noble and brave and a good leader in his own right, but he was really not Ned 2.0.
1516	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	With this I completely agree. It doesn't mean Robb got what he deserved, of course (nor am I implying you implied that), just that I don't buy "Robb was his father's son" explanation. Robb was noble and brave and a good leader in his own right, but he was really not Ned 2.0.I don't think anyone's implied that, or if I did that wasn't my intention. I don't think he was just like Ned, but he's still his fathers son as far as being honorable (or doing his best to be). I just think if Ned ever somehow ended up in that situation, which I can't see happening but still, he would have tried to remedy it in the best way he could. That's the way I see it as far as Robb goes, that he tried to fix the situation as best he could. We don't know if he was trying to go off of what he thinks Ned would do or not, but just from how he's characterized in the books, I got the impression he was trying to be like his father which was why he wanted to fix things when he dishonored Jeyne. (Though I do also think he loved her and he might have used the honor partly as an excuse to not marry a Frey.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 05:31 PM.
1517	Miodrag	2013-06-07	I don't think anyone's implied that, or if I did that wasn't my intention. I don't think he was just like Ned, but he's still his fathers son as far as being honorable (or doing his best to be). I just think if Ned ever somehow ended up in that situation, which I can't see happening but still, he would have tried to remedy it in the best way he could. That's the way I see it as far as Robb goes, that he tried to fix the situation as best he could. We don't know if he was trying to go off of what he thinks Ned would do or not, but just from how he's characterized in the books, I got the impression he was trying to be like his father which was why he wanted to fix things when he dishonored Jeyne. (Though I do also think he loved her and he might have used the honor partly as an excuse to not marry a Frey.)Actually, I saw you post only after I posted mine (since English isn't my first language, I usually type my posts in some spell-checking program and copy them later). In fact, one of the aspects of Robb's tragedy is that he always tried to apply Ned's logic, while he wasn't Ned's copy to begin with. I don't find him a hypocrite who hides behind his father's honor, God forbid. But from the very beginning of the war, he was always trying to follow the steps of his father, even while Ned was still alive. And at the same time he feared he's not up to the task, as evidenced in that touching little scene in the first book, when he wants to comfort Bran, but ends up in tears himself. The rapidity of the events that fell on his shoulders crushed him to the point that he was constantly seeking for someone he can rely on. That's why he turned to Theon (which was also understandable at that point, since it wasn't Theon that Robb misjudged, it was Balon), and later to Jeyne.
					
					
							Edited by NotYourSir, 07 June 2013 - 05:44 PM.
1518	David Selig	2013-06-07	Respectfully <U+0080><U+0093> and partially <U+0080><U+0093> disagree about Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s marriage. I took it as a sign of him having it enough: he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t want to fight any more in a war he<U+0080><U+0099>s wining all the time but can<U+0080><U+0099>t ever win for good. He says he married Jeyne for her honor, but, with GRRM<U+0080><U+0099>s characters being often in denial over themselves, I always thought that explanation was his way to justify the mistake in his own eyes. He always knew it<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be a mistake, but he went through with it anyway, because, after practically surrendering the war against Lannisters, he wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t able (or maybe didn<U+0080><U+0099>t want) to see how big the mistake really is. In a way, it isn<U+0080><U+0099>t unsimilar with Cat releasing Jaime: after receiving news of Bran and Rickon<U+0080><U+0099>s death, both she and Robb knew the war against Lannisters is lost, and started to pull out of it (the only difference being, Cat actually did something that made sense, because Jaime was the man she sensed in that conversation in the Riverrun dungeon, while Robb did something utterly foolish, even if Jeyne was the woman that deserved his love and respect, as appears to be the case according to her stand after the RW). That<U+0080><U+0099>s why I did and I do buy his marriage to Jeyne, by trying to look beyond his verbal justification. And that<U+0080><U+0099>s why I believed Roose in ADWD when he said to Theon that taking the Winterfell from Starks did end the war. That's certainly an interpretation of Rovv's decision process in regards Jeyne I havent seen before... Interesting idea, but I really don't see Robb as not wanting to fight anymore at this point. Remember, this is before Blackwater, before Duskendale, before the Karstark desertion, etc, when the chances of the Starks still looked pretty decent, even with Winterfell lost. Even after all those setbacks happened Robb still didn't even want to consider the possibility of bending the knee and got really angry when Cat proposed it. I do think that when he said he married for honor he was lying (mostly to himself) and it was a justification for marrying the girl he felt in love with. Ultimately the marriage not much of a problem for me, really. It's not completely impossible, just very unlikely the way I see the characters. Robb just seems too dutiful for this, even at 16.
1519	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Actually, I saw you post only after I posted mine (since English isn't my first language, I usually type my posts in some spell-checking program and copy them later). In fact, one of the aspects of Robb's tragedy is that he always tried to apply Ned's logic, while he wasn't Ned's copy to begin with. I don't find him a hypocrite who hides behind his father's honor, God forbid. But from the very beginning of the war, he was always trying to follow the steps of his father, even while Ned was still alive. And at the same time he feared he's not up to the task, as evidenced in that touching little scene in the first book, when he wants to comfort Bran, but ends up in tears himself. The rapidity of the events that fell on his shoulders crushed him to the point that he was constantly seeking for someone he can rely on. That's why he turned to Theon (which was also understandable at that point, since it wasn't Theon that Robb misjudged, it was Balon), and later to Jeyne.I agree. I kind of think things might have gone a little differently if he hadn't sent Cat to go try and talk to Renly. If she would have been with him the whole time Jeyne wouldn't have been needed at all as someone to take care of him when he was wounded. That's a little off point though. I basically saw things like that, where he was trying so hard to act the part of a man grown and do what Ned would do, but it was just to much and that the position he was in got thrust onto him so far and that he wasn't prepared enough. The fact he knew little of war in the beginning didn't help matters to much, even though he won every battle. It didn't help that he couldn't exactly trust all of his men. (Bolton) so just as green as he was in battle in the beginning, he also was in politics which even Ned was as far as the latter goes. But yeah like I said I definitely don't think he was Ned 2.0 but I do think he tried his best to act how he thought his father would in the situations he found himself in. It's just a shame he hadn't been around girls more (even in the show it didn't sound like he had been) or else that might have tremendously helped to resist taking comfort in a pretty girl who was tending to him. Maybe he was sheltered a bit by Ned and Cat, I'm thinking.
1520	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Ultimately the marriage not much of a problem for me, really. It's not completely impossible, just very unlikely the way I see the characters. Robb just seems too dutiful for this, even at 16.Well he did have to grow up rather fast. He might have been to dutiful but I just see it as him trying to take after his father, as well as his mother. (They're both about honor after all) and by taking a noble woman's innocence, he probably felt like it was his duty to remedy that. I agree I think he loved her and that it was in part used as an excuse, but I don't think that it's any less true just because he also happened to love her.(Which is partly why I don't see the problem with Jeyne if they had changed things a bit and made her not an enemy bannermens daughter among other things to help make it work on screen. Because so many people think part of his reason was to marry out of love, so they could have easily played that up as well as showing that he thought he needed to marry her to preserve her honor.) I don't mind they wanted romance in the show, but I do think that they could have kept the character but tweaked things enough to make people be able to relate to it better than they could in the books. That's why I hate the fact they cut out the honorable part and used only 'love' in the show since it does take away some from Robb's character.Plus the fact is, remember how angry he got when Jeyne came running out and wanted to go to the wedding with him? And then look at how Robb was in season one, that's another reason I find it unrealistic he suddenly fell for Talisa all because she was spunky/idealistic/and bold enough to question a king. Even someone as young as Robb I can't see would liking the fact someone's berating him. As noble as he is, that's no justification for anyone to say he would actually like being challenged against his authority. Especially when he already has all these bannermen that he's trying to keep in line and show he can be a leader despite his young age (in comparison to them), why on earth would he want to hear/know another person doubting and degrading him?
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 06:05 PM.
1521	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	Oh, afterward? Only afterward, and not during the events, right? Well, why didn't you say so? From reading your first post, I got an impression you resisted Jeyne from the start. After all, she was a silly plot, as you say, and silly plots are to be renounced from the very start by witty readers such as yourself.And now for real: if you read your post once more, you'll probably see it is you being angry at me and other critics of the show, not the other way around. (By the way, I won't mind if you call me a purist; the way some readers justify this adaptation and criticize ASOIAF in doing so, I'm more and more pleased with the purist reputation.) And it happens often. Show-lovers tend to attack us purists all the time. Which is fine, so long as they don't accuse us of whining.Yes afterward. Of course you can't tell during the events because you don't get the information until after. And for the "hole" notion of Robb's infatuation (not sure if this was an intentional pun or not), that isn't the contrived part. It is all the information we get after the fact that feels contrived. The RW scene works in the books because you get so little information; you really only get Cat's POV in regards to Robb. After the fact is when you get all the pieces and it starts to feel a bit contrived. On screen, it would be doubly so.Anyway, in my own personal anecdotal experience, the book purists are people who have come to the books relatively recently. I read the first book when it came out, back before many on here even knew how to read. If you are one of those like me that waited patiently for years upon years between books and are still a book purist, more power to you. The GRRM is a god fascination wore off for me long ago. I'm just elated that I get to see one of my favorite stores shown on screen. So much so that I am willing to overlook character and plot changes that often work for the better. Let's not forget that GRRM has worked and continues to work on this show. If you have ever written anything in your life (not you specifically) then you know that often times you wish for a do-over. GRRM in many ways is getting that.
1522	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	If you have ever written anything in your life (not you specifically) then you know that often times you wish for a do-over. GRRM in many ways is getting that.Okay. What about the fact that the Talisa/Robb arc in the show is the sort of troupe Martin has expressed dislike for in the past? I can understand if it's something else (like him regretting having the characters so young in the books) but when he's said before that he doesn't like the sort of fantasy story where spunky girl back talks royalty and royalty falls for them, I kind of doubt he wished for this change. Especially when you have fans here who go to events and get to ask a question and one of the girls on her asked him of the change and he goes "I guess they thought it was better." That gives me the impression he doesn't like this particular change. Are there others he probably likes? I'm sure there are some, but it's a little silly thinking he likes this one when it falls into the sort of category he's mentioned, in the past, isn't the sort of story he likes and tries to avoid.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 06:22 PM.
1523	rmholt	2013-06-07	Yes, Robb's marriage to Jeyne was DEFINITELY a shotgun wedding.  So if you want to see the marriage on the show as a shotgun wedding, then it actually reflects somewhat the story in the books.  Although personally I think that on the show he did it because he was in love and wanted her to be his wife, not because (he claimed, he could have been lying - and I think he likely was) he felt an obligation like in the book.It reminds me of one of the more packed statements in the book about characters.  Tywin said Jeyne was her mother's daughter and Robb was his father's son.  With the benefit of hindsight, Jeyne trusted her mother who in no way was going to allow the Westerlings to go against the Lannisters. Now, I think Jeyne loved Robb, so if she was her mother's daughter it wasnt because she was LIKE her mother but because Tywin controlling her mother controlled Jeyne.  I think it's a bit different for Robb.  Robb is controlled by his father in a more subtle way - by example and from the grave, as a larger than life hero. So he could be controlled by knowledge of his father's sense of honor etc.  No way a smarter guy would have set foot in the Twins.  Like Ned, Robb expected more honor from others than was smart.
1524	rmholt	2013-06-07	Okay. What about the fact that the Talisa/Robb arc in the show is the sort of troupe Martin has expressed dislike for in the past? I can understand if it's something else (like him regretting having the characters so young in the books) but when he's said before that he doesn't like the sort of fantasy story where spunky girl back talks royalty and royalty falls for them, I kind of doubt he wished for this change. Especially when you have fans here who go to events and get to ask a question and one of the girls on her asked him of the change and he goes "I guess they thought it was better." That gives me the impression he doesn't like this particular change. Are there others he probably likes? I'm sure there are some, but it's a little silly thinking he likes this one when it falls into the sort of category he's mentioned, in the past, isn't the sort of story he likes and tries to avoid.GRRM keeps saying he basically was very careful to select the guys who were going to take the series to TV and then signed it all over to them, that he understands the limits of TV (in fact he wrote GoT as a treat for himself as a project unrestrained by the realities of transfering his writing to TV - budget, effects, etc.)  and that he really doesnt have anything to do with the series.  They do check with him before kiling someone off so they dont box a critical character.
1525	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	GRRM keeps saying he basically was very careful to select the guys who were going to take the series to TV and then signed it all over to them, that he understands the limits of TV (in fact he wrote GoT as a treat for himself as a project unrestrained by the realities of transfering his writing to TV - budget, effects, etc.)  and that he really doesnt have anything to do with the series.  They do check with him before kiling someone off so they dont box a critical character.What does him not having much to with the say in the series have to do with anything? They were saying he liked changes and I was just pointing out Talisa/Robb is the sort of fantasy story he's mentioned in the past that he does not like and tries to steer clear of. So it's doubtful to me he liked this particular change.
1526	rmholt	2013-06-07	Your joking right?There's no colleges in that time and just because she is good at medicine doesn't make her smart. We've seen a few occasions where she isn't very bright.Not only were there colleges there were medical schools.
1527	StoneToilet	2013-06-07	Don't forget about the emergence of JC and Young Griff that will be huge, in fact they might insert them earlier in the series and give them a little more of a backstory to make up for the lack of entertainment in AFFC, but also in concerns to AFFC Arienne's mini rebellion attempt with Myrcella along with the introduction of Darkstar and Arys Oakheart receiving the better part of Areo Hotah's long axe should be interesting to see.I have to stop here and respond, even though there are pages of comments left, because ive seen too many posts referring to books 4 and 5, assuming they will comprise their own seasons. Problem is, the books took place concurrently. They wont be able to put an entire season out without jon, tyrion, or dany - the three most popular characters - and give us brienne, the martells, and greyjoys instead. If that means te show catches up to the books, so be it. My hope is the last two books will be finished sooner rater than later, maybe twow around the time next season starts.
1528	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Not only were there colleges there were medical schools.I'm going to assume your just trying to mess with me.
1529	Miodrag	2013-06-07	Yes afterward. Of course you can't tell during the events because you don't get the information until after. And for the "hole" notion of Robb's infatuation (not sure if this was an intentional pun or not), that isn't the contrived part. It is all the information we get after the fact that feels contrived. The RW scene works in the books because you get so little information; you really only get Cat's POV in regards to Robb. After the fact is when you get all the pieces and it starts to feel a bit contrived. On screen, it would be doubly so.Anyway, in my own personal anecdotal experience, the book purists are people who have come to the books relatively recently. I read the first book when it came out, back before many on here even knew how to read. If you are one of those like me that waited patiently for years upon years between books and are still a book purist, more power to you. The GRRM is a god fascination wore off for me long ago. I'm just elated that I get to see one of my favorite stores shown on screen. So much so that I am willing to overlook character and plot changes that often work for the better. Let's not forget that GRRM has worked and continues to work on this show. If you have ever written anything in your life (not you specifically) then you know that often times you wish for a do-over. GRRM in many ways is getting that.I read the books some three years before the show, back in 2008, so I only waited for ADWD. I'm not confusing GRRM with god, it's just that I'm of the opinion that ASOIAF is indeed a literary masterpiece; for now it looks like one, at least, because the story has to be finished for the final verdict. Not great fantasy, or great genre series, but great novels, period. Even with few complaints I have, I still think ASOIAF is head and shoulders above many other books that are considered masterpieces of modern literature. Back on topic: if done with more intelligence and elegance, I'm sure the adaptation of ASOIAF would've been the best TV series of all time. It surely would've been better than shows that are (rightfully) considered to be the best. And I'm not talking more money, or even more episodes: creatures like Talisa saved no penny and eaten quite a lot of screen time.
1530	thepooperthatwaspromised	2013-06-07	I was not going to weigh in on the whole Talisa issue because the argument seems to have devolved into an argument of preference vs. substance...BUT I do need to point out that the sheer number of people (both sullied and un-) who just don't buy R&T's love story is pretty clear evidence of an unsuccessful storyline. Regardless of whether you "liked" Talisa, or even Jeyne for that matter, not enough people bought into it, which makes it an inarguable failure.  Maybe the pooch was already screwed...maybe Jeyne really was just a  plot a device and the opportunity to make a more compelling love interest for Robb just couldn't be supported by the time and story constraints already in place, but inherently good writing makes you buy into it. And in a series (both TV and book) that provides so many relationships that fans would pay to see, when that doesn't happen for the majority of the fanship...who can legitimately argue that it's NOT a failure?And while I don't feel the vitriol that so many do for Talisa, and I did cry salty crocodile tears when she named the baby and when she died, most of the great love stories in ASOIAF and GOT are earned over time (Dany/Drogo, Jaime/Brienne, Cat/Ned, etc). Mostly, we are urged by the series to suspect the "love at first, (or even second) sight". R&T's romance was as close as you can come to that without venturing into naive, beautiful Sansa territory.BUT, my original posting reason isn't even about Talisa, it's about Cat/LS. Deepest apologies if someone already covered this, but regarding whether or not Michelle Fairley will be back:From Buzzfeed:So Catelyn is dead, but in the books, she is not actually gone! She becomes Lady Stoneheart! Who has deep gashes in her face from scratching herself, can<U+0080><U+0099>t speak because her throat was cut so deeply, and was in the river for a few days before being brought back to life. She marauds around killing Freys, plus anyone who might have done the Starks wrong, and appears occasionally going forward. Have you talked to Dan and David about Season 4?MF: Well, you<U+0080><U+0099>ll just have to keep watching. You<U+0080><U+0099>ll have to keep wattttttcccchhhhin<U+0080><U+0099>.The way Lady Stoneheart, zombie Catelyn, is described <U+0080><U+0094> she<U+0080><U+0099>s completely insane, basically.MF: I<U+0080><U+0099>m completely insane, so it mightn<U+0080><U+0099>t be too much of an acting stretch!Were that to happen in the show<U+0080><U+0099>s future, would that be fun?MF: No one knows, no one knows. Sorry, Kate!Oh my god <U+0080><U+0094> I<U+0080><U+0099>m asking IN THEORY. You mentioned before that at the end, Catelyn is purely consumed by vengeance, and that seems to be the after-death version of her. Which seems to be great fodder.MF: Of course. For an actor to play something like that, I think visually it would be incredible. How do you portray evil, vengeance, lust for revenge? What does that do physically to a human being, what do they end up looking like? How do they attain it? The embodiment of that is something that would be incredibly exciting. Even evil people are justified. If you<U+0080><U+0099>re playing a character like that, you have to find a way of liking them.
1531	Miodrag	2013-06-07	That's certainly an interpretation of Rovv's decision process in regards Jeyne I havent seen before... Interesting idea, but I really don't see Robb as not wanting to fight anymore at this point. Remember, this is before Blackwater, before Duskendale, before the Karstark desertion, etc, when the chances of the Starks still looked pretty decent, even with Winterfell lost. Even after all those setbacks happened Robb still didn't even want to consider the possibility of bending the knee and got really angry when Cat proposed it.I do think that when he said he married for honor he was lying (mostly to himself) and it was a justification for marrying the girl he felt in love with.Ultimately the marriage not much of a problem for me, really. It's not completely impossible, just very unlikely the way I see the characters. Robb just seems too dutiful for this, even at 16.He didn't want to fight the Lannisters any more, is what I meant. Yeah, his campaign was going all right at the time, but he probably started realizing how big are the advantages Lannisters have over him and that he's going to need much more than pure field victories to crush them. And then news from Winterfell arrive, and he sees that he lost his home to the man he considered a brother. At that moment, I'm pretty sure Lannisters weren't in his mind any longer, along with the word he gave to Frey. (With Cat, I think the same thing happened even sooner, when she saw Renly's death. While she and Brienne were running from Renly's camp, all she was thinking was Stannis' line that Robb's time to answer for treason will came, too.)
1532	Miodrag	2013-06-07	Just to add: Not only that Robb lost the will to fight a war against Iron Throne, he also seemed to me as he was ready to give up on everything except producing an heir to his family. After executing Karstark, he was all like: "Why would anyone want to be a king at all?!" And by writing his will down, he showed his possible death was on his mind. Which is why I believe he gave up on everything other than producing the heir to Winterfell and someone who can carry the Stark name. I'd even say that he wanted Jeyne to be pregnant from that first intercourse they had, and he certainly didn't want that child to be a bastard.
1533	StoneToilet	2013-06-07	With this I completely agree. It doesn't mean Robb got what he deserved, of course (nor am I implying you implied that), just that I don't buy "Robb was his father's son" explanation. Robb was noble and brave and a good leader in his own right, but he was really not Ned 2.0.Couple points: 1) robb kinda got what he deserved. He could have just fought a good old fashioned warfor the redress of grievances, which wouldnt have required total victory, just being enough of a pain in the ass to get some concessions. Instead he crowned himself and refused to even consider bending the knee. Ned would gladly have sacrificed his honor, as well as any personal ambitions, to avert a bloodbath. Doesnt mean i wasnt rooting for him, but he should have been seeking an exit plan before the westerlings even came into it. Think about roose boltons comment about boy lords being the bane of any house. 2) i thought robb not being "his fathers son" was a theme. So many references to his auburn hair and tully features and his soft heart. Not that he didnt have plenty of his father in him, or that ned didnt have a heart, but where ned was icy and reserved robb was warm and gregarious. In the context of the larger story, i took it as a significant theme that robb was less "starkish" than jon. 3) i to this day do not understand tywins comment about robb being his fathers son and jeyne being her mothers daughter. For jeyne, did he just mean a temptress, because her fathers marriage was unwise in a socio-political sense? But ned, everyone believes that he fathered a bastard, some believe it was on the highborn ashara dayne, who was definitely of a high enough social rank to marry. Either way, as far as anyone knows (though obviously most of us believe otherwise) he "dishonored" a woman and chose not to break a crucial alliance for her sake. So wtf was tywin talking about? 4) and this is off topic, but can we get some angst and vitriol directed at catelyn? She really ruined everything. She encouraged ned to go to KL when he wanted to refuse robert (in the book, not the show, much to my bafflement), she told him to trust LF, leading directly to his downfall, she trusted LF herself, naively, leading her to arrest tyrion impulsively, which started the war in the first place, and if she hadnt released jaime and alienated the karstarks robb might have been able to weather the storm he caused when he married jeyne. And if she had been willing to just go home and let her son handle his business she might have been able to prevent ser rodrick from leaving winterfell essentially undefended, though admittedly thats a weaker point since robb wanted her to go treat with renly. But still, not only were most of her chapters excruciating to read, but she was the classic hovering, meddlesome mother, and she pretty much fucked everything up.
1534	StoneToilet	2013-06-07	Yes afterward. Of course you can't tell during the events because you don't get the information until after. And for the "hole" notion of Robb's infatuation (not sure if this was an intentional pun or not), that isn't the contrived part. It is all the information we get after the fact that feels contrived. The RW scene works in the books because you get so little information; you really only get Cat's POV in regards to Robb. After the fact is when you get all the pieces and it starts to feel a bit contrived. On screen, it would be doubly so.Anyway, in my own personal anecdotal experience, the book purists are people who have come to the books relatively recently. I read the first book when it came out, back before many on here even knew how to read. If you are one of those like me that waited patiently for years upon years between books and are still a book purist, more power to you. The GRRM is a god fascination wore off for me long ago. I'm just elated that I get to see one of my favorite stores shown on screen. So much so that I am willing to overlook character and plot changes that often work for the better. Let's not forget that GRRM has worked and continues to work on this show. If you have ever written anything in your life (not you specifically) then you know that often times you wish for a do-over. GRRM in many ways is getting that.Interesting, your comment about waiting years and the grrm is god effect wearing off, because i often wonder if anyone who was into the series early on still is. I mean, 17 years later and you still dont know who jons mother is, you only just found out who killed jon arryn, none of the starks have been reunites, not even arya and nymeria (at least mot physically), even though it looked sure to happen when she was wandering the riverlads, and the walkers havent even invaded yet. You havent gotten any of that, but you have gotten a myriad of filler content, the dunk and egg books, the map book, and a tv show, so grrm could max out his revenues.  Id say that id be pissed, but in reality, id have long since moved on.Now, i think the key point regarding jeyne is that robb dis something impulsive out of grief, just like his mother. His tragic flaw was his softness, but the significance i think is his greater association was cat than with ned. Not that ive really fleshed out what it means, but it seems clear that it means something.Gotta love my sloppy typing.
					
					
							Edited by StoneToilet, 07 June 2013 - 09:18 PM.
1535	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	4) and this is off topic, but can we get some angst and vitriol directed at catelyn? She really ruined everything. She encouraged ned to go to KL when he wanted to refuse robert (in the book, not the show, much to my bafflement), she told him to trust LF, leading directly to his downfall, she trusted LF herself, naively, leading her to arrest tyrion impulsively, which started the war in the first place, and if she hadnt released jaime and alienated the karstarks robb might have been able to weather the storm he caused when he married jeyne. And if she had been willing to just go home and let her son handle his business she might have been able to prevent ser rodrick from leaving winterfell essentially undefended, though admittedly thats a weaker point since robb wanted her to go treat with renly. But still, not only were most of her chapters excruciating to read, but she was the classic hovering, meddlesome mother, and she pretty much fucked everything up.Amen. When I first read the RW, I was just overwhelmingly happy that I wouldn't have to read another Catelyn POV chapter. Show Cat was much improved by judicious cutting and the astonishing Michelle Fairley.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 07 June 2013 - 10:01 PM.
1536	rmholt	2013-06-07	I'm going to assume your just trying to mess with me.Hey, I am reading A Distant Mirror by Tuchman.  There's a medical school, there are knights and castles and sieges and all sorts of stuff.  Try cracking open a book.If you want to stay in AWOIAF I refer you to not only the Citadel but the maegi who study apparently at Asshai where some medical knowledge is apparently transmitted to students.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 07 June 2013 - 11:42 PM.
1537	rmholt	2013-06-07	What does him not having much to with the say in the series have to do with anything? They were saying he liked changes and I was just pointing out Talisa/Robb is the sort of fantasy story he's mentioned in the past that he does not like and tries to steer clear of. So it's doubtful to me he liked this particular change.OK
1538	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Hey, I am reading A Distant Mirror by Tuchman.  There's a medical school, there are knights and castles and sieges and all sorts of stuff.  Try cracking open a book.If you want to stay in AWOIAF I refer you to not only the Citadel but the maegi who study apparently at Asshai where some medical knowledge is apparently transmitted to students.I don't recall female apprenticing in the Citadel. And I don't recall them referring to people as 'students'. I don't get why you and others like using modern names/terms like college. Obviously there's not going to be a college in the series.. I don't even remember what the point in this particular conversation was I'm so tired. I'm guessing your trying to say Talisa is more modern by having gone to an actual college? That's funny lol. Make her more modern than she already is.
1539	David Selig	2013-06-08	4) and this is off topic, but can we get some angst and vitriol directed at catelyn? She really ruined everything. She encouraged ned to go to KL when he wanted to refuse robert (in the book, not the show, much to my bafflement), she told him to trust LF, leading directly to his downfall, she trusted LF herself, naively, leading her to arrest tyrion impulsively, which started the war in the first place, and if she hadnt released jaime and alienated the karstarks robb might have been able to weather the storm he caused when he married jeyne. And if she had been willing to just go home and let her son handle his business she might have been able to prevent ser rodrick from leaving winterfell essentially undefended, though admittedly thats a weaker point since robb wanted her to go treat with renly. But still, not only were most of her chapters excruciating to read, but she was the classic hovering, meddlesome mother, and she pretty much fucked everything up.Dude, you seem to have some serious mommy issues.
1540	lostinasia	2013-06-08	I don't get why you and others like using modern names/terms like college. Obviously there's not going to be a college in the series ... I'm guessing your trying to say Talisa is more modern by having gone to an actual college? That's funny lol. Make her more modern than she already is.Salerno Medical school, active around 1100AD, probably with female students no less; and Volantis has always seemed to me like GRRM's echo of the medieval Mediterranean world, with many more cultures intersecting. Female doctors wandering around northern Europe? Not likely, very dangerous, but conceivable. More conceivable in Westeros, which as sexist as it may be, at least doesn't have as bad a habit of burning as witches any women that display intelligence and independence.The word "college" dates from the 1300s. Not all that modern, and about a century before the War of the Roses that provides the very loose template for Martin's story.I've always wondered if Talisa was a bit of a rip off of Adelia in Arianna Franklin's Mistress of the Art of Death. Sure that novel is a bit fanciful, but the writer studied medieval history a lot and always made sure that the characters and events COULD have happened.Mind you, I remain mildly confused how we can talk about anachronisms in a fantasy world.
1541	Teardrops	2013-06-08	I can agree I don't think Ned would have cheated no matter what was happening and what grieving news he got. But I think if he wasn't married, and in Robb's position, I think he would have married Jeyne.Or maybe it was just the fact that Robb was raised up by his honorable father that made him realize he had to fix the horrible situation once he took her innocence. Either way it was derived from the fact he has Stark morals. It doesn't matter if Ned would have had sex with her, but I think he would have tried to fix the situation as best he could in that situation, like Robb had attempted to do.I disagree.  It wasn't something Ned would have done, married or not, he would never NEVER put a girl who chose to sleep with him above the men who are fighting for him and a pre-existing and definitely more important oath when he could fix everything in other ways. And Robb knew this.Robb knew that marrying Jeyne wouldn't just hurt his honor but also his kingdom and the North's cause and therefore it wasn't the right or most honorable thing to do .... but  "I took her castle and she took my heart," Robb smiled.'Honor' was just a convenent excuse he chose to use and to believe in. Personally I prefer to see a good and honest young man with his judgment clouded by his feelings understimate the consequences of his actions and admits that he is doing what he's doing for love instead to see him do the same but hide behind an excuse that doesn't make sense.look at how Robb was in season one, that's another reason I find it unrealistic he suddenly fell for Talisa all because she was spunky/idealistic/and bold enough to question a king. Even someone as young as Robb I can't see would liking the fact someone's berating him. As noble as he is, that's no justification for anyone to say he would actually like being challenged against his authority. Especially when he already has all these bannermen that he's trying to keep in line and show he can be a leader despite his young age (in comparison to them), why on earth would he want to hear/know another person doubting and degrading him?Because Robb isn't a tyrant and Ned teached him to listen to what people - even commoners - have to say. The fact that in the past he reacted doesn't mean that he doesn't accept to be questioned but that he knows when to impose himself and a girl who dares to speak her mind isn't a 'treat' he can't tolerate.Talisa offered Robb a chance to get an external outlook on the situation, something he needed in that moment since, no matter how much confidence he showed before his bannermen, he was struggling with what being a King really meant and the purpose of that war. She asked him the right questions and with her objections made him face his own doubts and this, among other things, intrigued him.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 08 June 2013 - 10:25 AM.
1542	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	Mind you, I remain mildly confused how we can talk about anachronisms in a fantasy world.I wasn't speaking and saying there were no sort of schools to learn at all in the medieval times. What I had meant by that was the fact they don't use the term college for Westeros, so why are we? It sounds kind of silly IMO to use that sort of term for a setting that already has other names for their places of learning. (Like the Citadel)
1543	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	Because Robb isn't a tyrant and Ned teached him to listen to what people - even commoners - have to say. The fact that in the past he reacted doesn't mean that he doesn't accept to be questioned but that he knows when to impose himself and a girl who dares to speak her mind isn't a 'treat' he can't tolerate.Talisa offered Robb a chance to get an external outlook on the situation, something he needed in that moment since, no matter how much confidence he showed before his bannermen, he was struggling with what being a King really meant and the purpose of that war. She asked him the right questions and with her objections made him face his own doubts and this, among other things, intrigued him.What's him not being a tyrant have to do with it? Someone can be a nice and good king but still not like the bitchy way she was back talking him. (And my perception was, the way Oona choose to use her tone of voice/etc, made it sound like her character was being a bitch about it.) She could have easily asked some questions without coming off like a snark and like she was trying to belittle him. But she didn't. I can understand if someone is genuinely curious and they're asking in a decent way, but I didn't see that as the case here. Not to mention in hindsight she acts like she knows everything, and then later on all of a sudden knows nothing. That makes no sense to me. So your going to act uppity and snobby while berating him yet later on basically admit you have no damn clue about wars? That just shows how little her opinion means and how the writers made her a complete idiot. The fact they had Robb fall for an idiot is funny to me.
1544	Teardrops	2013-06-08	What's him not being a tyrant have to do with it? Someone can be a nice and good king but still not like the bitchy way she was back talking him. (And my perception was, the way Oona choose to use her tone of voice/etc, made it sound like her character was being a bitch about it.) She could have easily asked some questions without coming off like a snark and like she was trying to belittle him. But she didn't. I can understand if someone is genuinely curious and they're asking in a decent way, but I didn't see that as the case here. Not to mention in hindsight she acts like she knows everything, and then later on all of a sudden knows nothing. That makes no sense to me. So your going to act uppity and snobby while berating him yet later on basically admit you have no damn clue about wars? That just shows how little her opinion means and how the writers made her a complete idiot. The fact they had Robb fall for an idiot is funny to me.Because you said that "As noble as he is, that's no justification for anyone to say he would actually like being challenged against his authority" and IMO a person who 'doesn't like to be challenged against his authority' is a tyrant. A noble and just man could not like the way someone address him but he would listen nonetheless and if what she/he said is right he would recognize it and appreciate it.Robb could have been taken aback by her boldness but why should he have been annoyed by it? Not only he grew up in a home where strong and free-spirited women were accepted but they were sorrounded by dead and wounded men and they just finished to amputate a leg, I think he could understand  her "bitchness" ( your perception not mine ) and if she forgot her manners a little. But even if her tone was too discourteous for you, she was giving him an external outlook (something he was interested in) and asking the right questions so there is nothing absurd if he liked the confrontation.Talisa had a strong opinion about the silliness and wrongness of this kind of conflicts but she never claimed to be an 'expert in the art of war', so what's wrong with her saying that she doesn't know nothing about strategies or tactics?
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 08 June 2013 - 04:56 PM.
1545	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	Talisa had a strong opinion about the silliness and wrongness of this kind of conflicts but she never claimed to be an 'expert in the art of war', so what's wrong with her saying that she doesn't know nothing about strategies or tactics?I never said she claimed to be. But she certainly acted like she knew. Who's that stupid to act that strong willed and discourteous if they don't even have a clue what they're talking about? Because if that's the case they made her more dim witted than I thought. Basically she's blowing smoke out of her ass, acts like she knows things by questioning but then later on basically says 'oh I know nothing'. Okay, if she knew nothing then she shouldn't have been asking the sort of questions she was in the first place.The fact of someone saying any guy or girl (in any world or context) would love being told that the revenge they want for their family is silly and stupid and their wrong for wanting justice is ridiculously funny. Yeah someone would really love being told their family values are wrong. Especially if they have every right to avenge their loved ones.And what strong spirited women? Cat doesn't act as bitchy and stuck up as her. Only Arya is even semi close to the same personality as Talisa. Sansa doesn't act like that. Unless your just referring to the north in general like how Mormont women are. I just find it hilarious people think think ANYONE would like to be challenged. Sure Robb might like another outlook but I seriously doubt he would actually appreciate someone being rude.Well I don't think it matters now anymore thankfully. At least that annoying character is dead and the Catelyn and Robb butchering is finally put to rest.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 08 June 2013 - 05:13 PM.
1546	Teardrops	2013-06-08	I never said she claimed to be. But she certainly acted like she knew. Who's that stupid to act that strong willed and discourteous if they don't even have a clue what they're talking about? Because if that's the case they made her more dim witted than I thought. Basically she's blowing smoke out of her ass, acts like she knows things by questioning but then later on basically says 'oh I know nothing'. Okay, if she knew nothing then she shouldn't have been asking the sort of questions she was in the first place.She acted like she was against the war. She talked about how wrong it was. How injust it was and pointed out  how much it cost to people like the man they just helped. When she said 'I don't know' Robb was talking about strategies. You know, you can be a 'pacifist' without being a tactician.The fact of someone saying any guy or girl (in any world or context) would love being told that the revenge they want for their family is silly and stupid and their wrong for wanting justice is ridiculously funny. Yeah someone would really love being told their family values are wrong. Especially if they have every right to avenge their loved ones.she said that making innocent people die is wrong not seeking revenge. She was criticizing the method not the reason.And what strong spirited women? Cat doesn't act as bitchy and stuck up as her. Only Arya is even semi close to the same personality as Talisa. Sansa doesn't act like that. Unless your just referring to the north in general like how Mormont women are. I just find it hilarious people think think ANYONE would like to be challenged. Sure Robb might like another outlook but I seriously doubt he would actually appreciate someone being rude.You saw her as bitchy. I saw her as strong, honest and direct (and then simple, sweet and caring). Something Robb would appreciate for the reasons I already stated.You find hilarious that someone who isn't pretentious, arrogant, touchy and is willing to be challenged exist? Oh well, this say it all.Well I don't think it matters now anymore thankfully. At least that annoying character is dead and the Catelyn and Robb butchering is finally put to rest.Yeah, it doesn't matter anymore.That lovely character sadly is gone and I'm going to miss the wonderful job they did with Catelyn and Robb. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I wonder who will be the next character (some) people will concentrate their need to criticize for the sake of it ...
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 08 June 2013 - 07:02 PM.
1547	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	She acted like she was against the war. She talked about how wrong it was. How injust it was and pointed out  how much it cost to people like the man they just helped. When she said 'I don't know' Robb was talking about strategies. You know, you can be a 'pacifist' without being a tactician.she said that making innocent people die is wrong not seeking revenge. She was criticizing the method not the reason.You saw her as bitchy. I saw her as strong, honest and direct (and then simple, sweet and caring). Something Robb would appreciate for the reasons I already stated.You find hilarious that someone who isn't pretentious, arrogant, touchy and is willing to be challenged exist? Oh well, this say it all.Yeah, it doesn't matter anymore.That lovely character sadly is gone and I'm going to miss the wonderful job they did with Catelyn and Robb. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I wonder who will be the next character (some) people will concentrate their need to criticize for the sake of it ...Again she is an idiot to say those things when the people he killed in the battle (where they met) where loyal to the enemy. Um, obviously if they engaged in real battle those people, even if they aren't good fighters, would be trying to kill him and his men. And none of the northerners are really that naive to not know the costs of war. Just look at everything that happened to Robb before and during the war. So what she was saying didn't really need to be said. It's kind of pointing out the obvious.Like I just mentioned above, she said they're innocent, but those people his men killed where she was tending to men where going to try to kill them. They were loyal to the enemy, again it shows she's not smart. She could have said how wars are wrong, but to say them in a way that makes her look stupid I just don't get. That's just bad writing on the producers/writers part.No I find it hilarious they made Robb fall for a bimbo. (And before you yell at me, someone can be good at something, like her being a nurse, but still be stupid.) That's all I'm gonna say about that. Nope I said it right the first time. That bimbo is finally dead good riddance. (Obviously the way of death was brutal. So just to clear it up before you, or someone tries to jump down my throat, I'm not happy by the way she died, just that she's dead and finally gone.) And for anyone to think she actually made Robb and Cat better than their book counterpart.. Wow... Just wow.Well speaking for myself I don't hate any other character like I do her. (Well obviously there's Joffrey but who doesn't hate him?) So I doubt there's anyone I'll hate. Dislike, I'm sure there will be, but no one will compare to that contrived/horribly written character the writers thought up.Eta; The fact that you state her personality, it shows how contradictory she is. Being strong willed and blah, blah, blah one minute then 'caring' and 'sweet' the next shows the writers used her as a bigger plot device than Jeyne. They just threw in whatever personality they wanted for her that was needed at whatever given time despite the fact it would look odd shes all of a sudden submissive (or whatever word you want to use). They didn't even bother to give her much of a backstory either. The only thing we know is of her brother (which why did she leave him if she loved him soooo much?) and why she's against slavery. We don't really know anything beyond that. Horribly written plot device, I could have very well done without that. I'd rather see Joffrey or Theon torture on screen than that idiot (plus the actress really isn't all that good and has little range for emotions/facial expression/or anything)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 08 June 2013 - 07:26 PM.
1548	Filleted Man	2013-06-08	I just found this:http://24.media.tumb...bo3rmo1_500.jpg
1549	Zman1863	2013-06-08	I just found this:http://24.media.tumb...bo3rmo1_500.jpgNice find
1550	Teardrops	2013-06-09	Again she is an idiot to say those things when the people he killed in the battle (where they met) where loyal to the enemy. Um, obviously if they engaged in real battle those people, even if they aren't good fighters, would be trying to kill him and his men. And none of the northerners are really that naive to not know the costs of war. Just look at everything that happened to Robb before and during the war. So what she was saying didn't really need to be said. It's kind of pointing out the obvious.Like I just mentioned above, she said they're innocent, but those people his men killed where she was tending to men where going to try to kill them. They were loyal to the enemy, again it shows she's not smart. She could have said how wars are wrong, but to say them in a way that makes her look stupid I just don't get. That's just bad writing on the producers/writers part.No I find it hilarious they made Robb fall for a bimbo. (And before you yell at me, someone can be good at something, like her being a nurse, but still be stupid.) That's all I'm gonna say about that.Nope I said it right the first time. That bimbo is finally dead good riddance. (Obviously the way of death was brutal. So just to clear it up before you, or someone tries to jump down my throat, I'm not happy by the way she died, just that she's dead and finally gone.) And for anyone to think she actually made Robb and Cat better than their book counterpart.. Wow... Just wow.Well speaking for myself I don't hate any other character like I do her. (Well obviously there's Joffrey but who doesn't hate him?) So I doubt there's anyone I'll hate. Dislike, I'm sure there will be, but no one will compare to that contrived/horribly written character the writers thought up.Eta; The fact that you state her personality, it shows how contradictory she is. Being strong willed and blah, blah, blah one minute then 'caring' and 'sweet' the next shows the writers used her as a bigger plot device than Jeyne. They just threw in whatever personality they wanted for her that was needed at whatever given time despite the fact it would look odd shes all of a sudden submissive (or whatever word you want to use). They didn't even bother to give her much of a backstory either. The only thing we know is of her brother (which why did she leave him if she loved him soooo much?) and why she's against slavery. We don't really know anything beyond that. Horribly written plot device, I could have very well done without that. I'd rather see Joffrey or Theon torture on screen than that idiot (plus the actress really isn't all that good and has little range for emotions/facial expression/or anything)* http://s20.postimg.o...gx6d98t/erm.gif *You are practically saying that pacifist are idiots that shouldn't express their 'naive' opinion and that a person can't be strong and also sweet . Do you realize how absurd it is? I understand you don't like her, and it's ok, but that's it. You don't like her, Talisa's character didn't work for you. But the arguments you are using against her are so ridicolous that I'm starting to think that you're just a troll and I'm wasting my time.
1551	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	* http://s20.postimg.o...gx6d98t/erm.gif *You are practically saying that pacifist are idiots that shouldn't express their 'naive' opinion and that a person can't be strong and also sweet . Do you realize how absurd it is? I understand you don't like her, and it's ok, but that's it. You don't like her, Talisa's character didn't work for you. But the arguments you are using against her are so ridicolous that I'm starting to think that you're just a troll and I'm wasting my time.No I'm saying the way she acted the first time, and then she acts sweet, your word not mine, seems very odd. Her 'sweetness' is so fake. It makes her look like a very flip flop character that the writers just throw whatever personality on her that they need at the moment even if it makes no sense but whatever. And I didn't say pacifists can't have opinions but the ones she was expressing are idiotic to say he can't kill people, his enemy, just because they didn't know how to fight and Tywin was making them. Her logic is a mixture of failure and saying the obvious (in the case of war cost)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 09:03 AM.
1552	Miodrag	2013-06-09	* http://s20.postimg.o...gx6d98t/erm.gif *You are practically saying that pacifist are idiots that shouldn't express their 'naive' opinion and that a person can't be strong and also sweet . Do you realize how absurd it is? I understand you don't like her, and it's ok, but that's it. You don't like her, Talisa's character didn't work for you. But the arguments you are using against her are so ridicolous that I'm starting to think that you're just a troll and I'm wasting my time.Well, Talisa is trying to be naive (in an artificial way) and she truly is an idiot (in a very real way). It just happens she's also a pacifist, but with her lines she'd be an idiot as a warmonger, too. "You're fighting to overthrow the king and yet you have no plan for what comes after" doesn't have to be an exclusively pacifistic stand. A Robb supporter could utter the same line, for example. But it wouldn't sound any less ridiculous in that case, either. With Talisa's lines, it would be impossible for anyone to look and sound credible, be it pacifist or something else.
					
					
							Edited by NotYourSir, 09 June 2013 - 09:23 AM.
1553	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	Well, Talisa is trying to be naive (in an artificial way) and she truly is an idiot (in a very real way). It just happens she's also a pacifist, but with her lines she'd be an idiot as a warmonger, too. "You're fighting to overthrow the king and yet you have no plan for what comes after" doesn't have to be an exclusively pacifistic stand. A Robb supporter could utter the same line, for example. But it wouldn't sound any less ridiculous in that case, either. With Talisa's lines, it would be impossible for anyone to look and sound credible, be it pacifist or something else."You're fighting to overthrow the king and yet you have no plan for what comes after"Is not ridiculous at all. It is a valid complaint about Robb's plans.
1554	Teardrops	2013-06-09	No I'm saying the way she acted the first time, and then she acts sweet, your word not mine, seems very odd. Her 'sweetness' is so fake. It makes her look like a very flip flop character that the writers just throw whatever personality on her that they need at the moment even if it makes no sense but whatever. And I didn't say pacifists can't have opinions but the ones she was expressing are idiotic to say he can't kill people, his enemy, just because they didn't know how to fight and Tywin was making them. Her logic is a mixture of failure and saying the obvious (in the case of war cost)Again, why is it odd if a person has different character's traits? If you don't find believable her other traits doesn't mean that she is a 'flip flop character' but that her character doesn't work for you. Oona's acting didn't succeded in making you believe her. Just keep in mind that:  personal opinion =/= fact.What you are saying it's not what Talisa said. She didn't say 'killing your enemy is wrong' but 'the war is wrong. Innocent people who had nothing to do with Joffrey's crime (or in the Lannister's eyes Robb's treason) are risking their lives and dying horrible deaths and this is unjust." She didn't see Lannisters or Starks but boys and men, people. It's called humanity not stupidity.Well, Talisa is trying to be naive (in an artificial way) and she truly is an idiot (in a very real way).That is your personal impression and perception. I don't see her as 'artificially naive' and stupid.  What make her an idiot, her idealism? Or the fact that you don't like her and just can't look at her character objectively?"You're fighting to overthrow the king and yet you have no plan for what comes after" doesn't have to be an exclusively pacifistic stand. A Robb supporter could utter the same line, for example. But it wouldn't sound any less ridiculous in that case, either. With Talisa's lines, it would be impossible for anyone to look and sound credible, be it pacifist or something else.That line isn't an 'exclusively pacifistic stand', yeah, it's a logic comment in response to Robb's previous statement in their confrontation. Her words reflected ( and showed us) Robb's inner turmoil and doubts and gave him a way to face them and rationalize them. You can not like the way they chose do it , it's ok, but that is - among others- her purpose in that scene and what really matter in the end.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 09 June 2013 - 10:57 AM.
1555	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Again, why is it odd if a person has different character's traits? If you don't find believable her other traits doesn't mean that she is a 'flip flop character' but that her character doesn't work for you. Oona's acting didn't succeded in making you believe her. Just keep in mind that:  personal opinion =/= fact.What you are saying it's not what Talisa said. She didn't say 'killing your enemy is wrong' but 'the war is wrong. Innocent people who had nothing to do with Joffrey's crime (or in the Lannister's eyes Robb's treason) are risking their lives and dying horrible deaths and this is unjust." She didn't see Lannisters or Starks but boys and men, people. It's called humanity not stupidity.I was merely using that as one example that she said. You know, how she mentioned that the men were boys who had never fought before Tywin put swords in their hands. The fact is, what does she honestly expect to happen from telling him this? Obviously she is stupid if she thinks, and from her talk it seems she thinks this, that Robb can just give up the war and go bend the knee. Oh yes he could so do that if he was looking to be suicidal and have his head chopped off like his father. Also what else is he supposed to do? Make a stupid move and march straight to Kings Landing? Obviously he has to get through all these people if he wants revenge on Joffrey. It makes her look narrow minded in saying how its wrong, and sure she has a point that thousands of people dying is wrong, but there isn't anything that can be done about it and in all honesty she's waisting her breath because he already knows the costs of war and also there's nothing he can do about it unless he was going to bend the knee, which again would only be stupid and signing himself a death sentence. So really the only 'insight' she gave him was his lack of plan after winning the war.Okay by your logic she's bi polar, one minute shooting off her mouth and the next making google eyes. But that matters very little in hindsight when there's other things that make her unrealistic.The fact is, Oona has terrible acting and that terrible acting didn't help this character at all. If you look at her purely objectively you can tell she has very little range in her acting abilities. If you re watch the scenes and look closely Oona pretty much gives a blank look in almost every scene. It's like her default facial expression or something. When you compare her to the others in the show; Alfie, Charles, Lena, Peter, etc you can see she's one of the weakest there. Just compare her almost always using a blank look to Michelle's purposeful one at the RW, then it becomes quite clear she just isn't very good.If you take into account the lack of good acting and then lack of chemistry (Robb and Cat had more chemistry season one than him and his wife! Plus look at Dany and Drogo, who had made a romance work in a short time) it's really a no brainer that this romance didn't work very well.  Adding those two things on top of the fact the writers really did give her some stupid lines, then this was just a fail waiting to happen.I haven't talked to one person off of this site that actually likes Talisa as a character. The only people I've seen who like her are a small handful that defend her on here. (And I can count them on probably just one hand.) It comes off that the people who like her are in the minority. And before you say it's just book readers, I know a girl who only read the first book, and I have family that watch it, plus I've read other people on here say how their unsullied friends didn't like the Robb/Talisa romance, etc. So if you look at it in terms of there seemingly being a lot more people who dislike her than like her, how can you say objectively the writers didn't fail with this romance? I'm quite sure they wanted this to be a 'true love' people want to get behind but how can people do that if they hate the character and dislike the romance between the two? (And how there's people who feel its contrieved) So just in terms of everything overall the writers really didn't accomplish what they were trying to.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 11:48 AM.
1556	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	Plus look at Dany and Drogo, who had made a romance work in a short time)Oh, good lord. You think that was a 'romance'?
1557	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Oh, good lord. You think that was a 'romance'?I'm talking about after the initial raping (which wasn't even rape in the books.) It's quite clear Dany comes to love him. Even if it wasn't romance, they still had better on screen chemistry.
1558	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	I haven't talked to one person off of this site that actually likes Talisa as a character. The only people I've seen who like her are a small handful that defend her on here. (And I can count them on probably just one hand.) It comes off that the people who like her are in the minority. And before you say it's just book readers, I know a girl who only read the first book, and I have family that watch it, plus I've read other people on here say how their unsullied friends didn't like the Robb/Talisa romance, etc. So if you look at it in terms of there seemingly being a lot more people who dislike her than like her, how can you say objectively the writers didn't fail with this romance? I'm quite sure they wanted this to be a 'true love' people want to get behind but how can people do that if they hate the character and dislike the romance between the two? (And how there's people who feel its contrieved) So just in terms of everything overall the writers really didn't accomplish what they were trying to.You can never make opinion into objective fact (no matter how much you keep trying), and even if you could anecdotal evidence would certainly not be the way to go about it. That's completely useless.I'm talking about after the initial raping (which wasn't even rape in the books.) It's quite clear Dany comes to love him. Even if it wasn't romance, they still had better on screen chemistry.In the books the first time is sweeter but he then proceeds to rape her to the point of hurting her until she learns some tricks. The show just avoided going back and forth because there wasn't time for it.
1559	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	You can never make opinion into objective fact (no matter how much you keep trying), and even if you could anecdotal evidence would certainly not be the way to go about it. That's completely useless.In the books the first time is sweeter but he then proceeds to rape her to the point of hurting her until she learns some tricks. The show just avoided going back and forth because there wasn't time for it.My point is just that there is seemingly more people that dislike her. I'm not saying everyone does, because obviously with any character or actor there's going to be some that hate them and others that like them. And I never said that everything single thing I said was a fact. What I was getting at is, if there's so many people who hate the character (and from everyone I've talked to there is certainly more that hate than like her) then the writers kind of failed seeing as they wanted a romance everyone would get behind.  But I was still writing that post from a more objective prospective than just my hating the character way. That's what I meant by objectivity. The only thing I will in all honesty claim is that Oona is a terrible actress. (Just look at the reasons above before trying to make me state them again.)They still had better on screen chemistry compared to Robb and Talisa whether it was actual romance. Can you honesty tell me you thought Dany and Drogo together was more bland/uninteresting to watch than the Robb and Talisa romance?
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 12:30 PM.
1560	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	My point is just that there is seemingly more people that dislike her. I'm not saying everyone does, because obviously with any character or actor there's going to be some that hate them and others that like them. And I never said that everything single thing I said was a fact. What I was getting at is, if there's so many people who hate the character (and from everyone I've talked to there is certainly more that hate than like her) then the writers kind of failed seeing as they wanted a romance everyone would get behind.  But I was still writing that post from a more objective prospective than just my hating the character way. That's what I meant be objectivity. The only thing I will in all honesty claim is that Oona is a terrible actress. (Just look at the reasons above before trying to make me state them again.)They still had better on screen chemistry compared to Robb and Talisa whether it was actual romance. Can you in all honesty tell me you thought Dany and Drogo together was more bland/uninteresting to watch than the Robb and Talisa romance?I'll say it again, anecdotal evidence is worthless. The show has many millions of viewers and neither of us have a sample that can be relied on to say what the majority thinks (I've heard plenty of people like the romance and Oona in reviews, podcasts and real life, just to show that there's anecdotal evidence in both ways). Therefor it's far better to just state one's own opinion and let it be what it is, just an opinion.I just pointed out something that many readers actually forgot when they commented on how that romance was on the show. Dany and Drogo is the most special romance in the series this far so all other romances are less interesting than that in my view. I prefer Robb and Talisa to Tyrion and Shae on the show, to make a contrary example. Possibly more than Jon and Ygritte as well (it's up and down on the show). My point was never to state my opinion about it though, I primarily wanted to point out the fallacy of using anecdotal evidence.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 09 June 2013 - 12:34 PM.
1561	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	I'll say it again, anecdotal evidence is worthless. The show has many millions of viewers and neither of us have a sample that can be relied on to say what the majority thinks (I've heard plenty of people like the romance and Oona in reviews, podcasts and real life, just to show that there's anecdotal evidence in both ways). Therefor it's far better to just state one's own opinion and let it be what it is, just an opinion.I just pointed out something that many readers actually forgot when they commented on how that romance was on the show. Dany and Drogo is the most special romance in the series this far so all other romances are less interesting than that in my view. I prefer Robb and Talisa to Tyrion and Shae on the show, to make a contrary example. Possibly more than Jon and Ygritte as well (it's up and down on the show). My point was never to state my opinion about it though, I primarily wanted to point out the fallacy of using anecdotal evidence.Hey I never said anything about people disliking Oona. I've read people say they like the actress and think she's really good in other things but they didn't like her in this. I just don't particularly like her. Especially when she's saying 'oh the romance is soooo much better than the books'. She's the one playing the character, obviously she's going to think that. And the fact she says that is very rude.  The only thing about her I was claiming as 'fact' was she isn't a very good actress. (Which I was basing more on her actual ability and what she does on the show than my hate for the character.)Show Shae is almost as annoying as Talisa so yeah of course both Tyrion/Shae and Robb/Talisa would be like the worst in the show. But who knows, Daario kind of is annoying me, him and Dany might fall into the least likable couples as well.But how did I state it as an actual fact though? I used the word seemingly quite a few times, while just adding my personal experience of talking to people. The only fact I claimed was how the show writers, I would think, were trying to make a romance that everyone could get behind. With there being so much controversy, so many people saying she's horrible, people saying that their romance is bad and there isn't much chemistry between the actors, how were they very successful in their goal? Of course there's going to be people that hate it and others that like it, but when the goal is for the one romance people truly want to root for and many are hating it it seems like they (the writers/producers) fell a little short in their attempt. At least it doesn't seem like it was a success to me when I see many trashing the character/romance and I doubt that was their, the writers, goal.When I see way more people hate it than like it, that's a fail to what D&D had likely been hoping for, IMO. (Again I'm not saying everyone hates it. But that it seems like they wanted most everyone to love the romance and that certainly isn't the case.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 12:46 PM.
1562	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	Hey I never said anything about people disliking Oona. I've read people say they like the actress and think she's really good in other things but they didn't like her in this. I just don't particularly like her. Especially when she's saying 'oh the romance is soooo much better than the books'. She's the one playing the character, obviously she's going to think that. And the fact she says that is very rude.  The only thing about her I was claiming as 'fact' was she isn't a very good actress. (Which I was basing more on her actual ability and what she does on the show than my hate for the character.)Show Shae is almost as annoying as Talisa so yeah of course both Tyrion/Shae and Robb/Talisa would be like the worst in the show. But who knows, Daario kind of is annoying me, him and Dany might fall into the least likable couples as well.But how did I state it as an actual fact though? I used the word seemingly quite a few times, while just adding my personal experience of talking to people. The only fact I claimed was how the show writers, I would think, were trying to make a romance that everyone could get behind. With there being so much controversy, so many people saying she's horrible, people saying that their romance is bad and there isn't much chemistry between the actors, how were they very successful in their goal? Of course there's going to be people that hate it and others that like it, but when the goal is for the one romance people truly want to root for and many are hating it it seems like they (the writers/producers) fell a little short in their attempt. At least it doesn't seem like it was a success to me when I see many trashing the character/romance and I doubt that was their, the writers, goal.When I see way more people hate it than like it, that's a fail to what D&D had likely been hoping for, IMO. (Again I'm not saying everyone hates it. But that it seems like they wanted most everyone to love the romance and that certainly isn't the case.)It's a fact that you think she's not a very good actress, but it's not a fact that she is. And it doesn't really matter that you said that there's seemingly more people that dislike the character since there's just no relevant evidence to base it on. Stating opinion as fact is one fallacy, using anecdotal evidence is another.There's nothing "of course" about those two being the worst. Some people like show Shae, even though you or I don't and I think she's significantly worse than Talisa. As said I also disagree with you since I think Tyrion and Shae in the show (and maybe Jon and Ygritte) are worse than Robb and Talisa. I don't really know the reason why they changed Jayne to Talisa now that I've seen the entire arc, but I have bigger expectations on myself as a viewer than to get stuck harping on that so it's not much of a factor anymore.Of course D&D ideally want everyone to like everything they do but I'm quite sure they expect people to have varying opinions, especially when things differ from the books since some readers are bad at letting go. George has the same problems as he for example says he doesn't understand why there are so many people that dislike Catelyn.
1563	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	It's a fact that you think she's not a very good actress, but it's not a fact that she is. And it doesn't really matter that you said that there's seemingly more people that dislike the character since there's just no relevant evidence to base it on. Stating opinion as fact is one fallacy, using anecdotal evidence is another.There's nothing "of course" about those two being the worst. Some people like show Shae, even though you or I don't and I think she's significantly worse than Talisa. As said I also disagree with you since I think Tyrion and Shae in the show (and maybe Jon and Ygritte) are worse than Robb and Talisa. I don't really know the reason why they changed Jayne to Talisa now that I've seen the entire arc, but I have bigger expectations on myself as a viewer than to get stuck harping on that so it's not much of a factor anymore.Of course D&amp;D ideally want everyone to like everything they do but I'm quite sure they expect people to have varying opinions, especially when things differ from the books since some readers are bad at letting go. George has the same problems as he for example says he doesn't understand why there are so many people that dislike Catelyn.When you look at my reasons mentioned above for Oona being a horrible actress (especially the worst in this show) I do have facts to support what your saying that it's merely an opinion. There's so many actors and actresses, in this show and others, that are much, much better than her. She has very little emotional or facial range. Just watch the scenes again and I'm sure you'll begin to notice she almost always has blank looks.Lol Shae worse than Talisa. Yes I agree Shae is annoying, especially when they keep having scenes with her being jealous and arguing with Tyrion but worse? Lol. She's at least more realistic than Talisa as a character.I've seen many say that it's not the fact it was a change. Mine, and some other people's, problem is that it was a bad change. If they had wrote the change better/gotten a better and more charismatic actress/made it more realistically believable (which this I do blame on bad writing), then perhaps there would be less people that hate her. So to insinuate I dislike it just because its a change is insulting. Especially since there are actual changes they did that I like.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 01:09 PM.
1564	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	When you look at my reasons mentioned above for Oona being a horrible actress (especially the worst in this show) I do have facts to support what your saying that it's merely an opinion. There's so many actors and actresses, in this show and others, that are much, much better than her. She has very little emotional or facial range. Just watch the scenes again and I'm sure you'll begin to notice she almost always has blank looks.Lol Shae worse than Talisa. Yes I agree Shae is annoying, especially when they keep having scenes with her being jealous and arguing with Tyrion but worse? Lol. She's at least more realistic than Talisa as a character.I've seen many say that it's not the fact it was a change. Mine, and some other people's, problem is that it was a bad change. If they had wrote the change better/gotten a better and more charismatic actress/made it more realistically believable (which this I do blame on bad writing), then perhaps there would be less people that hate her. So to insinuate I dislike it just because its a change is insulting. Especially since there are actual changes they did that I like.Of course I expect you to have reasons for your opinion about her. It would be pretty weird to dislike something if you hadn't. That doesn't mean that I have to agree with you.Yes, I think Shae is a worse character than Talisa and I think the actress is worse than Oona in these two respective roles.I didn't say that you dislike her because it's a change. If I wanted to state that I'd say it outright and you're being overly defensive, especially for someone that keeps stating opinions as facts.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 09 June 2013 - 01:29 PM.
1565	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Of course I expect you to have reasons for your opinion about her. It would be pretty weird to dislike something if you hadn't. That doesn't mean that I have to agree with you.Yes, I think Shae is a worse character than Talisa and I think the actress is worse than Oona in these two respective roles.I didn't say that you dislike her because it's a change. If I wanted to state that I'd say it outright and you're being overly defensive, especially for someone that keeps stating opinions as facts.I find your posts extremely hilarious. Oona not worse than (whatever the actress who plays Shae is) at least she shows more facial expressions than Oona. That in itself shows she has more acting ability. Whether you actually like the character or not, that's still true. Plus her character is still written more realistically than Talisa. But hey if you want to like an actress that has little to no range than that's your prerogative.G ahead and keep believing that me saying Oona has no range is an opinion. I have examples (and comparisons) to why she doesn't. So whatever keep saying that if you want.
1566	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	I find your posts extremely hilarious. Oona not worse than (whatever the actress who plays Shae is) at least she shows more facial expressions than Oona. That in itself shows she has more acting ability. Whether you actually like the character or not, that's still true. Plus her character is still written more realistically than Talisa. But hey if you want to like an actress that has little to no range than that's your prerogative.G ahead and keep believing that me saying Oona has no range is an opinion. I have examples (and comparisons) to why she doesn't. So whatever keep saying that if you want.My prerogative is to get fed up with someone that still can't separate opinion from fact after being told about it several times. There's no way this discussion will lead anywhere until you learn that. Have a nice day.
1567	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	My prerogative is to get fed up with someone that still can't separate opinion from fact after being told about it several times. There's no way this discussion will lead anywhere until you learn that. Have a nice day.It's ridiculous you just can't accept that there is some fact. Charles, Dinklage, Lena, Madden, Michelle. All of them are much better than Oona at acting. Sibil (I think that's Shae) has more range. And those are just people from this show. As I already stated watch Oona in the scenes again, it's quite obvious that she has blank exp<b></b>ressions at some point in almost each and every scene. I'm not saying she's the worst actress ever, but she definitely is not good. At all. There's more to an actress than a 'pretty' face. (Which I don't even think she's all that pretty) and the fact your so defensive over me talking about her acting ability is something I don't even understand. She's just not up to par with the really good GoT actors. Maybe she needs more classes. I don't know. But she has hardly any range and it's quite clear when you watch her and then watch others in the show.But whatever. If you can't look at the comparisons and see the truth that she isn't good that's on you.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 09 June 2013 - 01:49 PM.
1568	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	It's ridiculous you just can't accept that there is some fact. Charles, Dinklage, Lena, Madden, Michelle. All of them are much better than Oona at acting. Sibil (I think that's Shae) has more range. And those are just people from this show. As I already stated watch Oona in the scenes again, it's quite obvious that she has blank expressions at some point in almost each and every scene. I'm not saying she's the worst actress ever, but she definitely is not good. At all. There's more to an actress than a 'pretty' face. (Which I don't even think she's all that pretty) and the fact your so defensive over me talking about her acting ability is something I don't even understand. She's just not up to par with the really good GoT actors. Maybe she needs more classes. I don't know. But she has hardly any range and it's quite clear when you watch her and then watch others in the show.But whatever. If you can't look at the comparisons and see the truth that she isn't good that's on you.It's far more ridiculous that you don't grasp the concepts of objectivity and subjectivity and that you try to twist the subject to fit what you're saying.I don't care that you think she's a horrible actress, it's your attitude that's putting me off and so I have no reason to keep discussing. I haven't even defended her, just stated that I think Sibil is worse. That's because I don't think Sibil can deliver lines naturally on a consistent basis. When it comes to range I guess Sibil has an advantage since she's done a different kind of movies before.
1569	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	It's far more ridiculous that you don't grasp the concepts of objectivity and subjectivity and that you try to twist the subject to fit what you're saying.I don't care that you think she's a horrible actress, it's your attitude that's putting me off and so I have no reason to keep discussing. I haven't even defended her, just stated that I think Sibil is worse. That's because I don't think Sibil can deliver lines naturally on a consistent basis. When it comes to range I guess Sibil has an advantage since she's done a different kind of movies before.When have I twisted anything? The last few posts I've been explicitly talking about her acting/acting range. I haven't twisted anything. The fact that I've said plain and simple 'Oona isn't as good as ____' insert name there and pointed out things, like her blank faces, I don't know how much more simple it can be put. If I'm defensive, it's the fact that people like you keep jumping down my throat about this character. How would you like to talk about a character you hate for days on end? Not fun, I'll tell you that.I wasn't even thinking or mentioning line delivery, but I admit I probably shouldn't. The writers give Talisa the most ridiculous lines sometimes that it's hard to take her or the actress seriously, that's why I was just going off of the range since I'm a little biased on the speech between her and anyone in the show. I'd argue she has the worst lines in the show, which makes it hard to differentiate between bad line delivery and just bad lines she was given compared to anyone else in the show. Not that she did anything to make the bad writing better. (Though I think everyone has had their share of stupid lines so it's not solely her.)
1570	Teardrops	2013-06-09	was merely using that as one example that she said. You know, how she mentioned that the men were boys who had never fought before Tywin put swords in their hands.  [....]You took her phrase and completely distorted its meaning. Do you think that she said what she said because she wanted him to suddenly change his mind and start yelling "the war is over let's go home"? Really? /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /> Talisa just  expressed, as a neutral and external observer, her opinion and her disapproval of wars. What she said about the wrongness of innocent people dying wasn't that obvious because those people were in most cases just numbers for their king/lord/whatever. It wasn't Robb's case of course but she learned this only after their meeting ...Are you serious? Being strong and also sweet is possible you know, they aren't opposite or conflicting traits, it doesn't make you bipolar. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />You don't like Oona acting. You don't see chemistry. And it's okay but this is just your opinion. I'm sure others agree with you but there also people like me who like her acting and see chemistry between her and Richard and for those people her character and their lovestory worked. Opinions. Tastes. Here in my country we use to say "the world is beautiful because it is varied". /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The funny thing is that 'I haven't talked to one person off this site' that actually *hate* her. From what I saw and heard people like her, don't like her or are indifferent to her and this is pretty much the same response Jeyne got from book readers.The 'majority' you're talking about is probably just the most vocal part of the fandom and it doesn't necessarily represent it in its entirety. In fact I remember people here claiming that the majority of the viewers "didn't like Robb/Cat anymore" and that "the RW wasn't going to have the same impact and that people would barely care for them" but then last sunday after the episode internet literally IMPLODED. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 09 June 2013 - 03:17 PM.
1571	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	You don't like Oona acting. You don't see chemistry. And it's okay but this is just your opinion, I'm sure others agree with you but there also people like me who like her acting and see chemistry between her and Richard. Opinions. Tastes. Here in my country we use to say "the world is beautiful because it is varied". /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />If you like someone who's blank faced in almost every scene good for you. Cat and Robb had way more chemistry than him and Talisa so to think people actually think they do is beyond hilarious.
1572	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	When have I twisted anything? The last few posts I've been explicitly talking about her acting/acting range. I haven't twisted anything. The fact that I've said plain and simple 'Oona isn't as good as ____' insert name there and pointed out things, like her blank faces, I don't know how much more simple it can be put. If I'm defensive, it's the fact that people like you keep jumping down my throat about this character. How would you like to talk about a character you hate for days on end? Not fun, I'll tell you that.I wasn't even thinking or mentioning line delivery, but I admit I probably shouldn't. The writers give Talisa the most ridiculous lines sometimes that it's hard to take her or the actress seriously, that's why I was just going off of the range since I'm a little biased on the speech between her and anyone in the show. I'd argue she has the worst lines in the show, which makes it hard to differentiate between bad line delivery and just bad lines she was given compared to anyone else in the show. Not that she did anything to make the bad writing better. (Though I think everyone has had their share of stupid lines so it's not solely her.)When you do things like go from saying that Oona is a horrible actress, or me saying that I think Sibil is worse, to stating that you think that Dinklage, Dance etc are better. Unless you find the latter ones to be so mediocre that being worse than them means that you're bad it's just irrelevant and an attempt at making it valid that you state opinions as fact through stating something that most think is true. I don't have any problems that you dislike the things you mention about the character and actress. The problem is that you are the one that can't handle that someone thinks differently (otherwise you'd not state your opinions as fact). And if you don't want to talk about Talisa then perhaps you should stop being the one bringing it up. I didn't mention the character at all in my first post to you, I spoke about the lack of worth of anecdotal evidence and I pointed out something about the relationship of Dany and Drogo. You then started to ask me questions related to Talisa so you have only yourself to blame here. And even if someone else starts a discussion, if you don't think it's fun to discuss it then just stop. And again, I've said right out that I have no problems with you not liking the character. It's you that are saying that my opinions are wrong (or "extremely hilarious" or some other juvenile thing), so if anyone is jumping on anyone it's you.
1573	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	/rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />Lol okay then..
1574	Teardrops	2013-06-09	If you like someone who's blank faced in almost every scene good for you.I like someone that according to you is blank faced in almost every scene. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1575	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	I like someone that according to you is blank faced in almost every scene. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Good for you to like boring things then.
1576	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	/rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />Lol okay then..I guess this sums up your method of arguing quite well. At least you're not playing the emo victim though.
1577	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	I guess this sums up your method of arguing quite well. At least you're not playing the emo victim though.No I'm just sick of discussing. Might as well end on a happy-ish note.
1578	Teardrops	2013-06-09	Good for you to like things that according to me are boring then.fixed it for you... again... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1579	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	fixed it for you... again... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Okay naively ignore she's a horrible actress with no facial expression range just because your smitten with her.
1580	Pocketsaviour	2013-06-09	Okay naively ignore she's a horrible actress with no facial exp<b></b>ression range just because your smitten with her.Thank you, I will be more than happy to continue ignoring your opinions.
1581	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Thank you, I will be more than happy to continue ignoring your opinions.Fine with me. I don't care one way or the other.
1582	Teardrops	2013-06-09	Okay naively ignore she's a horrible actress with no facial expression range just because your smitten with her.Oh gosh this is getting ridiculous.. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> I'm done. Anyway for the record, she's undoubtley a beautiful woman but I'm a woman .. a straight woman.
1583	nirolo	2013-06-09	Just watched a rerun. Have to admit, I'm liking Talisa a lot less in that final scene. A little distracting to be honest.
1584	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Oh gosh this is getting ridiculous.. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> I'm done. Anyway for the record, she's undoubtley a beautiful woman but I'm a woman .. a straight woman.Your opinion. There's women in the show much more beautiful than her. And I'm a straight woman too. So thanks for the gag.
1585	Ugly Little Girl	2013-06-09	People from Volantis don't display emotion on their faces the way they do in Westeros. Therefore Oona is actually a fantastic actress. 
By the way, I can do at least 25 different facial expressions. I rock at acting. 
</sarcasm>
1586	Teardrops	2013-06-09	Your opinion.Absolutely. * There's women in the show much more beautiful than her. And I'm a straight woman too. So thanks for the gag.You meant: * in my opinon  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />People from Volantis don't display emotion on their faces the way they do in Westeros. Therefore Oona is actually a fantastic actress.By the way, I can do at least 25 different facial expressions. I rock at acting.</sarcasm> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 09 June 2013 - 04:38 PM.
1587	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Absolutely. You meant: * in my opinon  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Whatever. I'm done. You've got to be the most annoying person on this site.
1588	Teardrops	2013-06-09	Whatever. I'm done. You've got to be the most annoying person on this site.Thank you, from you is a compliment. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1589	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	Thank you, from you is a compliment. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
1590	Miodrag	2013-06-09	@ExBruinsFan
@Teardrops
@Tywin's bastard
You've been rather busy for the last few hours, and I just came back home, so I'll read the rest of your posts little later on, but for now I'll just answer few earliest and explain why I find Talisa's line that I quote to be an utter disaster. It's wrong on so many ways, but I'll do my best to go through all of them. ("Winter In My Heart", if I repeat some of the things you already wrote in the discussion, it's not on purpose, but it also not a miracle, since we're obviously in total agreement over Talisa.)
First, "You're fighting to overthrow the king and yet you have no plan for what comes after" implies that she doesn't know that The North declared independence, and that "what comes after" is really of no concern for Robb nor anyone of his soldiers. Which is funny, because she's treating the wounded of that army, so it's a stretch to assume that she's so uninterested in their war goals that she manages to have absolutely no knowledge of them. A person that is familiar with The North's recently proclaimed independence wouldn't have to ask what's Robb going to do with the Iron Throne once he kills Joffrey.
Second, she does have interest after all, because she's asking in a way that implies she's trying to mock Robb for his lack of strategic vision. Which is either hypocrisy, if she's interested in his war goals only for the sake of argument, or terrible inconsistency in writing if she suddenly became genuinely interested.
Third, how can she expect an answer to that question at all? Why the hell would any battle commander - let alone a king - explain his ultimate war goals to a girl he just met and who just a moment ago proudly distanced herself from his army? Asking that question in that circumstances means that she's either stupid to the bone, or that she somehow sensed that Robb's stupid enough to give her an honest answer. If later, it's yet another inconsistency in writing, because from the previous two remarks it's clear that we're not dealing with a woman of some high intelligence.
Fourth, and the biggest one, is that the whole conversation is terribly contrived so she can end up appearing smart. And in order to accomplish that, writers managed to portrait Robb as a damned fool, who's a) discussing his war goals with a chick he just met and who shows no loyalty to his cause whatsoever, and b ) he's even unable to articulate his war goals, though they are of the most simple kind. All he had to say to that stupid question - if he wanted to answer it at all, which is, once again, utter nonsense - is: "I couldn't care less for the Iron Throne". But no, he was so impressed with her pacifistic spirit, that he totally forgot about the brains he inherited from Ned and Cat (both of considerable IQ).
Honestly, the only person I can imagine asking that kind of question to a king on the battlefield just after the encounter with an enemy, would be a psychologist conducting a survey among kings. You know, a scientific research of the mental conditions of nations' leaders under stressful circumstances on their job, which is a tough one in wartime. Anonymity guaranteed and all. That I'd might buy. A nurse questioning a king she just met - not in a lifetime.
1591	Mayhem	2013-06-09	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=EHNRJgGAEp4
1592	Miodrag	2013-06-09	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=EHNRJgGAEp4If it was directed to me, I'm afraid I lost interest very early on.
1593	chrisdaw	2013-06-10	Arya's promise to the Hound of sticking a sword through his face is foreshadowing, she's going to kill Sandor.
1594	numenorian	2013-06-10	Having been through the chapters revolving around the sack of Winterfell, I can't seem to understand how Robb wasn't informed about the attack of Ramsays forces, considering he was flashing his banners and all. Sure Sir Rodrik, Cerwyn and company were ambushed but the rest of the two thousand men that survived and were allies of Robb had to inform him of the Bolton attack. But we learn in the Catelyn chapters, that Robb listens to just to what Roose tells him, about Ramsay rescuing the survivors. Not to forget that Ramsay saved the two Freys. Is it possible that Ramsay worked under Roose's command? Has anyone figured it out, that could enlighten me?
1595	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-10	Just realized something: as hard as this episode is to watch, it's still less hard than watching politicians on TV.
1596	rmholt	2013-06-12	I don't recall female apprenticing in the Citadel. And I don't recall them referring to people as 'students'. I don't get why you and others like using modern names/terms like college. Obviously there's not going to be a college in the series.. I don't even remember what the point in this particular conversation was I'm so tired. I'm guessing your trying to say Talisa is more modern by having gone to an actual college? That's funny lol. Make her more modern than she already is.Really? No females? An organisation that teaches medicine is a medical school. I am pretty sure the medical schools of the 14th century werent much like the ones this century but they stil had that name.Luckily you dont have to guess what I am saying. I dont recall mentioning Talisa at all
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 12 June 2013 - 06:24 PM.
1597	rmholt	2013-06-12	Arya's promise to the Hound of sticking a sword through his face is foreshadowing, she's going to kill Sandor.Doubtful.  Words are wind. She isnt really mad at him though she doesnt know that yet.
1598	rmholt	2013-06-12	Oh, good lord. You think that was a 'romance'?If I learn special love making techniques to bend a man to my will and think of his as my sun and stars and he calls me moon of his life, thats pretty darn romantic. You could put those characters on and in any Harlequin issue.
1599	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-12	Really? No females? An organisation that teaches medicine is a medical school. I am pretty sure the medical schools of the 14th century werent much like the ones this century but they stil had that name.Luckily you dont have to guess what I am saying. I dont recall mentioning Talisa at allI'm speaking strictly to Westeros times. I don't remember them ever calling something an actual school.Um the conversation when you had quoted me was talking about her and her medical knowledge. That's all ill say on that since I'm really sick of talking about her. It still sounds really modern, compared to the ASoIaF world to be saying medical school instead of using the names used in the series, like Citadel or whatever else. But again I'm tired of all Talisa and her medical knowledge (which was the topic when you jumped in) so I'm just gonna leave it at that seeing as I never said there wasn't any schools back then, just that it seems silly using slightly more modern terms than just using the school terms that the series gives us.
1600	chrisdaw	2013-06-14	Doubtful.  Words are wind. She isnt really mad at him though she doesnt know that yet.That's why she refused to mercy kill him and left him to die painfully?
1601	AxelV	2013-06-14	This episode was brilliant in my eyes. I definitely wasn't expecting it as episode 9 but I was please. But DAYM..... how much media did it get in the UK, I was absolutely shocked - it's obviously a popular show but I didn't think it was THAT popular.
I've never seen such a crazy response to the papers posting images from a TV programme the day after it aired. Mental.
1602	victim	2013-06-18	I set the instrumental version of 'The Rains of Castamere' as my ringtone. Will update.
1603	DamienBabingtonFBF	2013-06-18	Hmm, I agree with many of the points in this recap. It was pretty well done overall. I also did a review of season 3, you should check it out at:http://fastbreakforum.com
Thanks!
					
					
							Edited by DamienBabingtonFBF, 18 June 2013 - 06:09 AM.
1604	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-07-02	I am all for criticism.  The RW was the most powerful moment I have ever read.  But you just sounded like the most uptight, cynical, closed-minded, arrogant & outright most irritating person I have ever had to read a comment from.  Damn man stop nitpicking every single aspect of the show.  THE WIND WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BLOWING WEST!!!!  HER HAIR WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CURLY NOT STRAIGHT!!!!  THE WEDDING SONG WAS IN A HIGHER KEY THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE!!!!  This isn't the books!!!Every single aspect? Maybe you need to read my post again. That and Catelyn's last chapter from ASoS. There are a plethora of aspects missing from the books that I neglected to mention because I deemed them unnecessary. This is the first and only episode I've had a serious problem with. It's obvious you can't control your anger because someone criticized your favorite TV show. "This isn't the books" is the most ignorant argument someone can use when defending a mediocre adaption. This show set out to adapt the books as closely as possible and was doing a marvelous job up until the second season. The reason I was upset was because "The Rains of Castamere" could/should have been so much better. If the show was crap in general, I wouldn't have cared.I appreciate some of the complaints,  the lack of bannermen mainly.  And the lack of Grey Wind action.So what you're saying is what you think matters matters and what I think matters doesn't?1)  I agree I would've liked to see GreyWind attack Freys at the beginning.... but that would've made it way too obvious something was going to happen.  They did show GW howling in despair later.There were no foreboding details, omens, or ominous undertones in this episode at all. Greywind attacking a random Frey in the TV show is not any more implicative of Robb's fate than Greywind attacking a random Frey in the books. It causes an apprehensive tension, which was supposed to be present.3)  The big connection was between Robb & Catelyn.  Yeah, I said as much. Too bad the writers made it all about Robb & Talisa.The warging capability between Robb & GreyWind was never really addressed so it would've been pretty random to see Robb all of a sudden warging out of his body into GW.Random? He was a Stark child with a direwolf. Showing Robb rolling his eyes back would have been enough. We don't need to see him changing skins. We just saw Orell do that same thing just a few scenes ago so I'm sure the unsullied would catch on.Episode 9: "Is Robb warging? He's a warg like Bran? Is Jon Snow a warg? Where's Grey Wind? Is he going to survive?"Episode 10: "Wow, they killed Grey Wind anyway! Robb died twice, that's messed up!"What the hell is so wrong with that reaction. It doesn't take away from Robb & Catelyn at all. Those quick little thoughts provoked from that tiny little detail would soon be overwhelmed by the death of Cat.And btw saying that GW's death was something barely cared for... yeah you are heartless.  Who feels for a creature trying to break free & save his master getting shot multiple times defenselessly?  With Arya to sit there & witness it?Because the dog wasn't desperate at all. They should have made Grey Wind CGI in that last scene and had him pacing around in circles, digging at the floor, clawing at the door, howling relentlessly. Instead, they put a dog in a kennel and bribed it with a treat from the outside (which was incredibly obvious looking at the body language of the animal). I felt bad for Grey Wind when I read G.R.R. Martin's book. Why would I feel bad again watching a far inferior version? I'm sorry, but weren't you aware from my original post that I was too busy being pissed off over all the aforementioned alterations?5)  Robb showed no confusion or despair?  The entire time he was speechless,  lost in the chaos... Yeah I know he wasn't frantic but he was completely dead inside & in shock.So when an actor shows no emotion, you chalk it up to being dead inside? I'm going by Richard Madden's consistently mediocre portrayal of Robb. What are you going by?  Why the hell else do you think he slowly rose and barely moved?Because he was shot by a crossbow?As for Catelyn's death..... she doesn't say anything about the hair.... she THINKS it.... can you please try to comprehend the difference between a book where thoughts are seen textually.... and a TV show where that does not happenYOU DON'T SAY, MR. HOLMES! Can you please comprehend the fact Catelyn's thoughts are what made the Red Wedding as disturbing as it was and accept that the TV show has already made various thoughts into worded lines?This isn't the books!!!Also, try not being a hypocrite.The reason why so many non-book readers were so moved is because it was a MOVING EPISODE!!Some were moved because characters they've grown attached to just died. That's it. This was the Red Wedding in its most basic form. Others thought it was a half-assed way to kill off important people. And the way D&D presented it, it was. George's version is much more complex and emotionally invoking. If they had done it better (which was entirely possible), it could have been the greatest episode of the entire series (arguably the best show on television).They aren't all uptight and stuck up with only ONE thought on what the episode would be like,  bitching about any little thing different.  And here you are bitching about what another person didn't like. You're the one who's coming off as uptight and stuck up.This episode was phenomenal.Are you sure you didn't mean to say "in my biased fanboy opinion, I thought this episode was phenomenal" ?I read the books multiple times.. and I have the ability to watch something on screen and comprehend it is a different entity than the source material it came from.  And I don't? Ok. Blackwater is one of my favorite episodes so far if not my all time favorite. That episode was done tastefully with appropriate alterations. This one was a screw up.I appreciated the similarities... loved the entirety of the episode.... and respected the changes as this is an ADAPTATION.The goal of this adaption was to adapt the source as closely as possible. Benioff & Weiss as well as G.R.R. Martin stated as much many times. Season one succeeded at this. Season two & three? Less so. "The Rains of Castamere" was just an awful excuse for a Game of Thrones episode. If G.R.R.M. was presented the script for this episode and this episode alone before agreeing to D&D's offer, he would have slammed his door in their faces.Stop being so cynical and start treating this like a series that is, for all intents and purposes,  a gift.  Stop going into an episode expecting A, B, C, D then E to happen & just let the episode happen as it is.  People like you are the reason this show could fail:  you are so difficult to be pleased and refuse to just enjoy the damn show.  You have to bash every little thing that is different to you.  It is a gift, you're right. Game of Thrones is possibly my favorite TV series of all time. But I'm not going to overlook all it's flaws because of how great it is on its good days. Like I said, this is the only time the show has utterly disappointed me. And I'm utterly disappointed because this is my favorite show based on my favorite books.Pretend you never read the books.... I bet you wont be so critical.Lol if you only knew that's how I go into every last episode.Sorry if that came off rude.  But dear god I am so sick of seeing overwhelmingly insulting comments that are so clearly exaggerated.  Sure there were disappointments... but to use horrible... and other phrases implying this was the worst episode of the series is flat out ridiculous.  I don't know what shows/episodes you have been watching but you are out of your mind.So you apologize then proceed to disrespect me again? This episode was total crap and I'm sticking by that statement. Be sick of it all you want; it doesn't mean you're right.The simple fact that you said GW being killed meant nothing to you just shows how up in the clouds on your throne ruling book Westeros you are...  I don't care how it happened in the books... seeing GW trying to break free,  right after seeing Robb is at his final moments,  all while Arya is so close to reuniting with her family & almost close enough to get to GW.... thats compelling and absolutely painful.Fun fact: Robb, Arya, and Grey Wind showed absolutely no emotion during the Red Wedding.Block out ASOIAF,  and step into the world of Game Of Thrones... both are amazing.... but they are two separate things.  The show will never be the books... its physically impossible.  But they've done a damn good job of an adaptation.Concerning a decent number of episodes, I would completely agree with you. But the fact you're saying everything about this show is golden all the time really indicates how deep in the closet you really are. You don't need to tell me how to enjoy Game of Thrones; it comes naturally to me. I recommend you learn how to tolerate other people's opinions without shitting all over them like you're superior or something. Then you need to learn how to discern crap from gold (ASoIaF puns /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />).Edit:"this episode" =/= the entire episode"this episode" = the Red Wedding specifically
							Edited by Gregor's Nancy Boy, 02 July 2013 - 07:25 PM.
1605	Inevittable	2013-09-23	Warning: Thread necromancy aheadI'm re-watching the wedding scene, pretty much frame by frame, while I write a synopsis for my thesis.  And I just noticed that when the camera looks up at the musicians gallery you can see someone playing a drum, over on the right of the screen.  But I can't hear a drum during the massacre, and I find that strange given how the sound of the drums was so pertinent in Catelyn's chapter.Just an observation, carry on!
1606	Charlie Hustle	2013-11-09	Yes she stated how the beating of the drums made her head hurt.
1607	Inevittable	2013-11-12	I played the last 90 seconds of Rains during the conference paper I gave this weekend, and I'm fairly sure I heard at least two people in the audience gasp when Cat killed Mrs Frey.

Success!
1608	Ran	2013-06-02	Spoiler-free discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode without any reference to the books whatsoever or other spoiler material
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
1609	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	I really like this Walder Frey, very much the asshole he should be.
1610	Nakraal	2013-06-02	I really like this Walder Frey, very much the asshole he should be.I love Walder. Don't call him an asshole
1611	SlackBladder	2013-06-02	I love Walder. Don't call him an assholeHe's a cool asshole.
1612	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-02	Walder is a dick. As he should be.
1613	teej6	2013-06-02	Michelle Fairley was pretty good in the episode.
1614	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-02	My eyes are still leaking! Poor Cat, Robb and Grey Wind!
1615	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-02	Shaking. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t even breathe. That was the most captivating, soul crushing, episode of anything I<U+0080><U+0099>ve ever seen on television. It was perfectly tailored to the show.  And if Michelle Fairely doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t win an Emmy, I<U+0080><U+0099>m rebelling against the world. I'm absolutely haunted. I'm crushed.
1616	theJoker501	2013-06-02	Someone please tell me that was a dream. I'm lost for words.
1617	Dolorous Nick	2013-06-02	Someone please tell me that was a dream. I'm lost for words.That's exactly how I felt when I read it in Storm of Swords and, even though I knew what was coming, that episode STILL invoked that same response!
1618	Kozma	2013-06-02	Talissa's death was awesome. She is redeemed.
1619	Typhanya	2013-06-02	My eyes are still leaking! Poor Cat, Robb and Grey Wind!We knew it happen. We just didn't want it to. It reminded me of watching Titanic. We all knew how it would end but it's the way it happened that was so heartbreaking.
1620	billy g.	2013-06-02	Not bad... I'm glad Cat got a slice in, even if it wasn't Jingle Bell.
1621	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-02	Not bad... I'm glad Cat got a slice in, even if it wasn't Jingle Bell.Yes.  But this is a No Spoiler thread.
1622	theJoker501	2013-06-03	So, I have calmed down a little and realize that there are many unanswered questions. Such as, what happened or happens to Edmure? What happens with the "Blackfish"? And what happens to the whole Stark army, surely the Freys can't kill them all in one night? Aaaand I have asked this before, but where the hell was Greatjon Umber, and will he ever be heard from again. Many more questions, but can't think of them all at once.
1623	A_man_Is_Happy	2013-06-03	I hate Tywin now the most. I guess its all his plan. I really hope Arya kills all of those god damned lannnisters...poor Robb...and poor stalks...By the way, why the fuck did John snow run away like that?
					
					
							Edited by A_man_Is_Happy, 03 June 2013 - 12:35 AM.
1624	Grey Guardian	2013-06-03	So, I have calmed down a little and realize that there are many unanswered questions. Such as, what happened or happens to Edmure? What happens with the "Blackfish"? And what happens to the whole Stark army, surely the Freys can't kill them all in one night? Aaaand I have asked this before, but where the hell was Greatjon Umber, and will he ever be heard from again. Many more questions, but can't think of them all at once.Clive Mantle, who played the Greatjon, was not able to act in Season 2 due to scheduling conflicts, and was not recast or asked back for Season 3. I think it's safe to assume we won't be seeing him again.
1625	Kvvothe	2013-06-03	How can they just cut the Great Jon, that is a joke.
					
					
							Edited by Kvvothe, 03 June 2013 - 01:21 AM.
1626	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	How can they just cut the Great Jon, that is a joke.He hasn't been on the show for 2 years, in season 2 he was filming something else. Not their fault.
1627	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	He hasn't been on the show for 2 years, in season 2 he was filming something else. Not their fault.Well, it IS, actually. Tie down your actors for the time they will be needed.
1628	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	Talissa's death was awesome. She is redeemed.She never needed it. She was exactly as she claimed. I liked her a lot.I hate Tywin now the most. I guess its all his plan. I really hope Arya kills all of those god damned lannnisters...poor Robb...and poor stalks...By the way, why the fuck did John snow run away like that?To warn the Night's Watch of the attack.
1629	Kvvothe	2013-06-03	Well, it IS, actually. Tie down your actors for the time they will be needed.Exactly, also they could easily bring him back now as he disappears after the Red Wedding, just have him in a cell until he comes back in the books.
1630	silentwanderer	2013-06-03	Talissa's death was awesome. And Eddard's.He wasn't even born yet and Eddard Stark got killed all over again.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 03 June 2013 - 03:18 PM.
1631	Eizweix	2013-06-03	Well Umber was probably replaced by Brynden Tully at the RW, in books if I'm not mistaken, he was back at Riverrun to defend it, and Robbs wife Jeyne was there too.
Tho I do not understand why Talissa was at RW nad why was she killed... especially because she was pregnant, would make a gret story if she wasn't present and ran back to Volantis with Robbs child.
1632	All Men Must Rhyme	2013-06-03	And Eddard's.He wasn't even born yet and Eddard Stark got killed all over again.Sean Bean: dying from beyond the grave.
1633	Sand11751	2013-06-03	Still depressed? http://www.buzzfeed....medium=buzzfeed Best is #15, Charles Dance in a min-skirt and knee-high stiletto boots. Tyrion would be amused.
1634	eaglestate	2013-06-03	I thought i would feel better today but still don't
1635	theJoker501	2013-06-03	I thought i would feel better today but still don'tI hear ya, but I walked in my living room earlier and my mom and dad were witnessing the massacre, and it was feel bad again.
1636	Arrow	2013-06-03	Was live-blogging and was rendered unable to type and somehow lost what I'd written. Shocking, shocking, shocking! We non-book people were not at all prepared for that. Part of me is glad I didn't read the spoilers but part of me wishes I had so it wouldn't be such a terrible surprise.
I take it Blackfish is safe because he left at just the right moment, and Edmure is upstairs with his bride - unless someone went up there to make it unanimous? Terrible that Rob's wife died like that, and the baby - *whimper*
The look on Catelyn's face when she saw Bolton's chain mail was terrible. I'm glad she got one good clop to the chops in on him before it started.
Walder Frey is a corrupt, disgusting old piece of shite. Tywin Lannister is the devil. Lord Bolton is unbelievably evil. I want Dany to order her dragons to burn all of them alive.
1637	lucas.ar	2013-06-03	Sick episode, Jesus... Arya should take the throne and kill all those mfckers!!
And I mean Arya, not Daenerys... Dragon bitchs too cocky now!!
1638	Ser Creighton	2013-06-03	Well now you know why all those Hogwarts kids were affraid of Filch.
1639	dunkman	2013-06-04	I am a little jealous of those who hadn't read.  Not only did things happen so much faster on the TV show which made it more shocking, but the actual event was more traumatic.  Then again, considering I tossed the book and didn't start back reading for 2 days after I finished that chapter, maybe it's best my TV wasn't in danger.
1640	Noctis313	2013-06-04	It seems that they left the best for the penultimate episode... that happenned last season with the episode of the war between stannis and the lannisters and happenned again this season!The red wedding scene made it the most fun episode ive watched so far, the bloodshed with the starks was awesome! And the last message> 'the lannisters send their regards!!'' was absolutely epic. Waiting and hoping that the season finale will keep up with the carnage /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Well now you know why all those Hogwarts kids were affraid of Filch.LOL
1641	Eizweix	2013-06-04	There will be many more "shocks" in next season. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />And believe me, reading this in the book is even more shocking. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I have another theory why Umber wasn't at the wedding, if you recall, Rickon and Osha went to Last Hearth which is seat of House Umber, instead of to White Harbor (well they supposed to be on Skagos, but Manderly sent for them) in the books. Umbers might have a bigger role in the next seasons on TV series - protecting / hiding Rickon.We actually didn't see any member of the Manderly familiy, at least I don't remember any, especially not Wyman Manderly, who is well described and often mentioned in the books.
1642	Mohammad Kazem	2013-06-04	CORRECT ME IF IM WRONG
well I've seen lots of peeps baffled about why the fuck did Jon Snow leave Ygritte behind and just ride off on a horse, but wasn't it because he was riding after the falcon/eagle so he could stop the falcon/eagle signaling the rest of the wildlings?
I also thought that Arya meant Jaqen H'ghar when he said she knows a real killer /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I didn't think about it till after the show.
and WTF they didn't show the fucking epic siege that was going down in Yunkai... I guess it was because of the budget >.>
and how the fuck did Cat know the song The Rains of Castamere? is it an extra thing from the books or sth? and if so why the fuck didn't she react EARLIER!!!
and lol I wonder what happened to Edmure's uncle as he went to find a tree to piss :L
and I think they should've named the episode So close, yet so far, but idk it might've been a spoiler? but uhh I kinda believe Rains of Castamere was a spoiler... as soon as they started playing Rains of Castamere I knew some shit's gonna go down..
1643	Eizweix	2013-06-04	Well the the expression on the Cats face tells you a lot when they start playing The Rains of Castamere (it's a Lannisters song how they destroyed one of their enemy houses). The song is mentioned quite often in the books so I guess everyone in Westeros knows it, especially someone older and from upper class - it was also played at the RW in the books.
Jon Snow was "undercover" so he used the oppurtunity to ran away and warn Castle Black that wildlings are coming.
Well if Brynden "Blackfish" Tully wouldn't go outside they would most likely killed him, so we can presume he was able to ran away and back to Riverrun. Later in the books he is in Riverrun defending it (tho in the books he never was at the RW).
1644	silentwanderer	2013-06-04	I thought i would feel better today but still don'tI'm starting to feel better, I'm not there yet but to discuss the episode online helps.
1645	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	Well the the expression on the Cats face tells you a lot when they start playing The Rains of Castamere (it's a Lannisters song how they destroyed one of their enemy houses). The song is mentioned quite often in the books so I guess everyone in Westeros knows it, especially someone older and from upper class - it was also played at the RW in the books.Jon Snow was "undercover" so he used the oppurtunity to ran away and warn Castle Black that wildlings are coming.Well if Brynden "Blackfish" Tully wouldn't go outside they would most likely killed him, so we can presume he was able to ran away and back to Riverrun. Later in the books he is in Riverrun defending it (tho in the books he never was at the RW).Isn't this a no spoilers/no books thread?
1646	Eizweix	2013-06-04	Well The Rains of Castamere is no spoiler, if I'm not mistaken in one episode in 3 season Cersei was talking about it to Margaery. Also was singed by Bronn before the battle in season 2 (Blackwater).
For Jon Snow there is also nothing new that he joined the wildlings because Qhorin Halfhand told him so and because he was still loyal to the Nights Watch, this was great oppurtunity for him to run away and warn Nights Watch at Castle Black, not to mention wildlings wanted him dead at this scene, so why would he stay.
Only small spoiler I see here is Blackfish being in Riverrun and not at the RW, but again logical assumption would be he would run back home to Riverrun - to defend it, maybe organize rescue mission for Edmure etc. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1647	Inceptor	2013-06-04	What's the point in showing  house Stark when  they all get fcking  knifed .....  my god  i had this feeling robb will die , but i hoped it would be in some battle or something....
Well i hope in season 4 i see some  Lanisters or any bad guys actually die ... or SOMETHING !
1648	eaglestate	2013-06-04	I just hope Bran or Arya get some Revenge and Walder Frey, Roose Bolton, and Tywin die slow
1649	Ser Creighton	2013-06-04	CORRECT ME IF IM WRONGwell I've seen lots of peeps baffled about why the fuck did Jon Snow leave Ygritte behind and just ride off on a horse, but wasn't it because he was riding after the falcon/eagle so he could stop the falcon/eagle signaling the rest of the wildlings?I also thought that Arya meant Jaqen H'ghar when he said she knows a real killer /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I didn't think about it till after the show.and WTF they didn't show the fucking epic siege that was going down in Yunkai... I guess it was because of the budget >.>and how the fuck did Cat know the song The Rains of Castamere? is it an extra thing from the books or sth? and if so why the fuck didn't she react EARLIER!!!and lol I wonder what happened to Edmure's uncle as he went to find a tree to piss :Land I think they should've named the episode So close, yet so far, but idk it might've been a spoiler? but uhh I kinda believe Rains of Castamere was a spoiler... as soon as they started playing Rains of Castamere I knew some shit's gonna go down..No spoilers.I can't tell you all you want to know but i can tell you this. The Rains of Castamere is a famous song in Westeros, everyone knows it.Yunkai? Not sure what happened there, seemed like something got cut. Maybe a flashback next week. Major battle going on outside the Twins though.Probably did mean Jaquen.I am pretty sure Jon told you why he left. And nobody can catch an eagle on a horse. Unless the eagle can't fly. Seems pretty obvious why he left Yiggy. Giantsbane and Jon both kept her out of the fight. Do you remember the Night's Watch vows? And what did Jon say about the Night's watch to Orell right when he was gutting him?
1650	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	Only small spoiler I see here is Blackfish being in Riverrun and not at the RW, but again logical assumption would be he would run back home to Riverrun - to defend it, maybe organize rescue mission for Edmure etc. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes, that's what I was referring to.  For show-only people it's currently completely unclear what has happened to Blackfish, even whether he's dead or alive.  I'm sure many are guessing according to your logic, but nothing is known.It's a little thing, but there's so few threads on this forum for non-readers I felt I should say something.  Plus I know how easy it is to spoil without realizing--I do it to my bf all the time. :-)
1651	Ser Steven	2013-06-04	No spoilers.I can't tell you all you want to know but i can tell you this. The Rains of Castamere is a famous song in Westeros, everyone knows it.Yunkai? Not sure what happened there, seemed like something got cut. Maybe a flashback next week. Major battle going on outside the Twins though.Probably did mean Jaquen.I am pretty sure Jon told you why he left. And nobody can catch an eagle on a horse. Unless the eagle can't fly. Seems pretty obvious why he left Yiggy. Giantsbane and Jon both kept her out of the fight. Do you remember the Night's Watch vows? And what did Jon say about the Night's watch to Orell right when he was gutting him?I believe in the Dany scene right before Jorah gets friendzoned, Jorah mentions that they were able to talk the slave army to join Dany instead of fighting them.
1652	silentwanderer	2013-06-04	I just hope Bran or Arya get some Revenge and Walder Frey, Roose Bolton, and Tywin die slowAt this point, I just hope The Hound is as loyal as Hodor.Anything else, its extra bonus.
1653	Rhogantis	2013-06-05	I understand why they would cut the yunkai battle as budget but what happened when grey worm, daario and jorah were surrounded... how did they get from that point to victory?
I was absolutely gutted when the main starks were wiped out, yes robbs uncle admure probably got killed after being carried out.... maybe blackfish and catelyns uncle got away but i doubt it by the looks of it.
One thing i do not understand is the stark army was alot bigger in number than freys and boltons contributions to it... so as for a massacre i doubt that would happen, either way i did not see this coming so i was shocked.
Literally speechless.
On the other hand i thought Robb would have been suspicious atleast and had something up his sleeve. He never did trust frey so i thought he may have had a plan of somesort?
Arya obviously meant jaqen, that came across clearly, but her response to Sandor "The Hound" Clegane was hilarious, especially knocking out the old man, left him stumped.
Questions of the stark armys fate is a question needing answered since they cannot have been wiped out over night. Now if Dany has just claimed anywhere near the 200,000 slaves from yunkai and made them warriors under her command... that would make a little over 240,000 .. take away any fallen from the battle of yunkai, with ships, gold and 3 dragons.... i think shes ready?.... maybe let the dragons grow abit more but atm shes the leading contender?
I see episode 10 preview has Yara Greyjoy... will she find theon?
Ive never been so attached to a story in my life... i was rooting for the north. Now what?
1654	Rhogantis	2013-06-05	Just a quick one aswell, Jon obviously left to warn castle black showing where his allegience has always been.... that left Ygritte thinking hes betrayed her trust and love for him..... i wonder how she will react to that?
1655	Eizweix	2013-06-05	I'm maybe wrong but I think they didn't have full Starks army with them (maybe some stayed back in Riverrun etc.) and it was a wedding so most of them were probably wasted, while Freys were probably more sober because they knew what is going to happen.And, I don't know if I should say this - probably isn't a spoiler, but if you remember at starting scene with Freys they all got "salt & bread" and Lord Frey offered them his hospitality and protection, so they probably thought they are safe.
					
					
							Edited by Eizweix, 05 June 2013 - 03:14 AM.
1656	Underzaker	2013-06-05	I don't know about you guys , but on a sick level , I started liking "walter" Frey. In the books I hated his guts with utmost passion but the way "Flich" portrayed me was quite cool.
I especially liked the look he gives to Robb after he showed Roslin to Edmure.
1657	Rhogantis	2013-06-05	Yeah i hope most of the army stayed back, but with Robb being their with his Queen you can imagine his best soldiers being there, who will take charge of the northern army, which now has less chance of defeating the lannisters. After Lord Frey was rude after the apoligy was given, i thought Robb would have sensed something. Wasnt it said Lord Frey once did not show up to a battle until after it was finished, so therefore you would not walk easily into his company without keeping your wits about you.
1658	ma_liky	2013-06-05	Ok! i am still crying...
I didnt read the books, but I knew what was going to happen, not by my choice but for the spoilers on the net. And when I first heard about it I was crashed I didnt want to believ it and I didnt want to watch it. And few weeks went by and I thought I was fine with it and I tryed to see why it had to happen cause Robb made so many mistakes in his desisions but still IT HURTS LIKE HELL. Bloodshed... Everyone... Arya... Poor poor girl. I realy hope she gets her five minutes of killing them all, one day. And when that day comes I will love every second of it. It was so moving episode... @Dont you want to teach little Ned to ride@ ... It was hartbreaking...
Whole episode was about hartbreaking... Jon Snow leaving Ygrett like that, Her face when she saw him leave, how crushed was she? I was all WTF Jon? Dont leave your woman like that, you are a Stark!!!!!!!
Bran telling Rickon he has to go ... Poor little kid. I just wanted to hug him and tell him everything is going to be ok, even dough it is a lie.
This will leave a deep mark on me, and I was stupid enough to thing it wont. Getting over this will be hard, cause when injustice happens to good people, you wander where the hell the world is going. And for that matter I hope... no... I am cheering that all of Lannisters and Boltons die, one by one... in the great pain. 
RIP /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1659	Ser Steven	2013-06-05	I understand why they would cut the yunkai battle as budget but what happened when grey worm, daario and jorah were surrounded... how did they get from that point to victory?I was absolutely gutted when the main starks were wiped out, yes robbs uncle admure probably got killed after being carried out.... maybe blackfish and catelyns uncle got away but i doubt it by the looks of it.One thing i do not understand is the stark army was alot bigger in number than freys and boltons contributions to it... so as for a massacre i doubt that would happen, either way i did not see this coming so i was shocked.Literally speechless.On the other hand i thought Robb would have been suspicious atleast and had something up his sleeve. He never did trust frey so i thought he may have had a plan of somesort?Arya obviously meant jaqen, that came across clearly, but her response to Sandor "The Hound" Clegane was hilarious, especially knocking out the old man, left him stumped.Questions of the stark armys fate is a question needing answered since they cannot have been wiped out over night. Now if Dany has just claimed anywhere near the 200,000 slaves from yunkai and made them warriors under her command... that would make a little over 240,000 .. take away any fallen from the battle of yunkai, with ships, gold and 3 dragons.... i think shes ready?.... maybe let the dragons grow abit more but atm shes the leading contender?I see episode 10 preview has Yara Greyjoy... will she find theon?Ive never been so attached to a story in my life... i was rooting for the north. Now what?Don't forget that along with the Frey's, Bolton and his army switched sides too. That got the numbers closer to 50/50. Also all the northern army were drunk, which is what they were trying to show in the scene with the 2 guys wrestling. With the fact that, one, the army is drunk, and, two, they have no idea anything like this is gonna happen, gives a huge advantage to the Frey/Bolton army. There are also other things that made it easier for the Frey/Bolton's that it looks like they are gonna explain next episode so i will refrain from saying anything now.
1660	gwok	2013-06-05	I was so traumatized by this episode (i started watching the show in may, have all caught up and waiting for episodes since episode 5 of season 3), that I made this account to talk to other people affected the same way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
But now that I've calmed down, I have a few questions that I want to throw out. Are the starks (and by extension the north's rebellion) done? All of the "adult" starks are dead, the only ones left are bran, the cripple riding the legendary Hodor, rikkon, who really has done nothing in the tv series, arya, who has yet to learn how to kill like jaqen (i hope she does), and sanza, who i wouldn't bet against dying at the hands of the lannisters, now that the starks are out of the picture.
all of the northern leaders are dead, presumably all of their men were killed at the RW (when the frey men charged outside to kill them), meanwhile the north is occupied by the greyjoys and the wildlings are coming down and doing their pillaging and what not, plus winter is coming. i don't see how the north could come back from this, especially winterfell seeing how its all burnt down and winter is coming soon, so does this mean the end of starks ruling the north?
					
					
							Edited by gwok, 05 June 2013 - 10:17 PM.
1661	Ser Steven	2013-06-05	I was so traumatized by this episode (i started watching the show in may, have all caught up and waiting for episodes since episode 5 of season 3), that I made this account to talk to other people affected the same way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />But now that I've calmed down, I have a few questions that I want to throw out. Are the starks (and by extension the north's rebellion) done? All of the "adult" starks are dead, the only ones left are bran, the cripple riding the legendary Hodor, rikkon, who really has done nothing in the tv series, arya, who has yet to learn how to kill like jaqen (i hope she does), and sanza, who i wouldn't bet against dying at the hands of the lannisters, now that the starks are out of the picture.all of the northern leaders are dead, presumably all of their men were killed at the RW (when the frey men charged outside to kill them), meanwhile the north is occupied by the greyjoys and the wildlings are coming down and doing their pillaging and what not, plus winter is coming. i don't see how the north could come back from this, especially winterfell seeing how its all burnt down and winter is coming soon, so does this mean the end of starks ruling the north?The Lannisters would not kill Sansa. With Robb dead, and Bran and Rikkon, presumingly dead, Sansa becomes the heir to Winterfell. Meaning at this moment, according to most of Westeros, Tyrion is now the Lord of Winterfell.
1662	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I was so traumatized by this episode (i started watching the show in may, have all caught up and waiting for episodes since episode 5 of season 3), that I made this account to talk to other people affected the same way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />But now that I've calmed down, I have a few questions that I want to throw out. Are the starks (and by extension the north's rebellion) done? All of the "adult" starks are dead, the only ones left are bran, the cripple riding the legendary Hodor, rikkon, who really has done nothing in the tv series, arya, who has yet to learn how to kill like jaqen (i hope she does), and sanza, who i wouldn't bet against dying at the hands of the lannisters, now that the starks are out of the picture.all of the northern leaders are dead, presumably all of their men were killed at the RW (when the frey men charged outside to kill them), meanwhile the north is occupied by the greyjoys and the wildlings are coming down and doing their pillaging and what not, plus winter is coming. i don't see how the north could come back from this, especially winterfell seeing how its all burnt down and winter is coming soon, so does this mean the end of starks ruling the north?Well this question is pretty difficult to answer without giving away details. The way I would look at it is that we know the North is pretty huge. Cersei makes a comment to Joffrey in S1 that its too large to be held by an outside force.Given its size there are most likely a lot of houses, perhaps not as major as Bolton or Karstark, that we just don't know yet. So the chances of Starks ruling the North again rest solely on whether the Ironborn can be defeated in the North, which you'd think even the conspiring northerners like Roose Bolton will want to do, and whether there are other Northern houses that will try to rally against Bolton and co. and restore a Stark to power. Right now the only possibilities are Bran and Rickon, who would have to be found and also not be presumed dead as they are now, or if Jon Snow was to be legitimized as a Stark, whose vows to the Night's Watch poses a major complication to that.
1663	Rhogantis	2013-06-06	I understand now the whole of the stark/northern army was not actually at the RW so that would leave an army still defending the land in the name of the late Robb, regardless of the ruler dead there would be a rally round and a fight still on..... How it will play out i am unsure.
Technically the nights watch is done for, if not maybe for his heroism Jon may be released from said vow and return to his rightfull place?.
Jon would make a great leader, with allies in the nights watch, tyrion hating his father and tyrion holding respect from those he led into battle at blackwater.... i do not see tyrion wanting to wipe the north out, even jaime has had a somewhat change on perspective.... i have no clue what will happen.
People forgetting stannis still has an army and is waiting to attack?..... i hope i have a clearer picture in episode 10.
1664	Eizweix	2013-06-06	Jon is a bastard so even tho he is a Stark, people probably wouldn't want to follow him or accept him as a new king - at least not if he would call himself the new king. But I also think he is very loyal to the Nights watch and I doubt he would break his oath - he's a northern and a Stark so he also knows what happens to oath breakers.
And Stannis doesn't have large army, most of it was destroyed / killed in the battle at Blackwater, I think he will need to find some new allies before attacking.
1665	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	Jon is a bastard so even tho he is a Stark, people probably wouldn't want to follow him or accept him as a new king - at least not if he would call himself the new king. But I also think he is very loyal to the Nights watch and I doubt he would break his oath - he's a northern and a Stark so he also knows what happens to oath breakers.The way I see it, if Jon didn't break his oath for Ygritte then he won't break his oath for revenge.He almost did that two seasons ago, when Ned was beheaded, and he came back once his brothers recited the vows.Considering his actions in the latest episode, I think its safe to say Jon is fully pledge to the Watch by now. He would die in his post, just like it says in his oath.As of Robb's death, Rickon or Bran are most likely to become King in the North.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 11:20 AM.
1666	Rhogantis	2013-06-06	If the nights watch are destroyed or disbandoned then there is no oath to break, you are right about bran having to take over as king, but until his rightful age who would rule?
Stannis may not have many men left from what he went in with but he still has a great number under his rule.
Along with the priestess.
Due to the best part of the northern army not being at the RW i hope they follow the right person and do not see this as since there lords are dead they hold no vows and need not fight.
One thing i feel this episode missed, which i hope we see in the finale... is dany speaking to the yunkai rep that came to the tent, to claim back the gift she offered him.... as to show to him she was not to be tested, and the look on his face.
Its a shame the battle was not shown at all, not even how it came from daario,jorah and grey worm being surrounded to victory?
Justice is due in so many places right now. I hope they do tie up som parts in the finale and dont leave annoying cliffhangers. They havent so far so cannot imagine they would.
					
					
							Edited by Rhogantis, 06 June 2013 - 05:56 PM.
1667	King in the Caribbean	2013-06-07	CORRECT ME IF IM WRONGwell I've seen lots of peeps baffled about why the fuck did Jon Snow leave Ygritte behind and just ride off on a horse, but wasn't it because he was riding after the falcon/eagle so he could stop the falcon/eagle signaling the rest of the wildlings?Yes, I was reading last nite about Wargs and found this:...It is incredibly traumatic for a Warg if the animal whose mind they have entered dies while they are controlling it, but the Warg will survive this. If a Warg's own body is killed while entering the mind of an animal, however, the Warg's human consciousness can live on inside of the animal. When Jon Snow killed the wildling Orell by running him through with his sword Longclaw, with his dying breath Orell managed to warg his mind into his eagle. While Orell's human body died, his consciousness survived in the eagle, and proceeded to claw at Jon's face with his new body's talons until Jon was able to fend him off.
					
					
							Edited by King in the Caribbean, 07 June 2013 - 07:05 AM.
1668	Marchefa	2013-06-07	The moment The Rains of Castemere played... Yeah, I think everyone knew what was going to happen. Still, that scene was really emotional with lots of gory deaths -  especially Talisa's one. Amazing performance from Michelle Fairley. I am stunned.The thing is I'm just angry at Robb and his stupidity... Ghah. And what happened after Jorah and his two friends were surrouned by soldiers? Will it be explained? I'm confused, mostly because I'm writing it just after seeing the episode and still... Too many deaths.Sean Bean: dying from beyond the grave.And I feel sincerely bad for laughing at this...
					
					
							Edited by Marchefa, 07 June 2013 - 10:06 AM.
1669	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-06-08	I read the books and I'm still ridiculously sad. I keep watching this scene every day because I can't get it out of my head. What's wrong with me! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1670	Ser Oswell	2013-06-08	Michelle Fairley what a way to sign off!
1671	Blackstar347	2013-06-08	Ok I just made an account here. I am distraught, unhappy, amazed, bewildered, and I was just bawling my eyes out and I HAVE to write this. I won't be posting in the book spoilers thread because I haven't read the books....
I had the week off this week so I was deciding what to do. I'd been hearing that IGN had given the latest Game of Thrones episode a 10 and some of my co-workers told me it was a good series a while back. Maybe it would be a bit like lord of the rings or other fantasy novels. I was always up for a good character story so I began watching Game of Thrones at about 6 episodes a day starting on Monday thanks to my coworkers lending me the dvds. 
I zoomed past the first season and yet alas after the first day while reading some gaming forums I got the death of Eddard Stark spoiled for me. I didn't know how he died but I cursed so much that such a major plot point was spoiled. I kept watching the rest of season 1 hoping it wouldnt come to pass and unfortunately it never came to be. Fortunately there were other characters I liked namely Catelyn and Jon Snow and Daenerys that I could cling to but after the end of season 1 because of that death being spoiled I just considered the show a "good" one with nothing special to think about it. I would continue to see how my favorite characters would change.
The second season was largely the same but here is where something clicked for me. Every storyline seemed to grow more interesting and while I still had my favorites, even the other stories seemed to gain speed and interest. While I didn't like Tyrion at first he is actually one of the honest characters in the show. And it did such a good job to make me continue to absolutely HATE Joffrey. It did a good job all around to make me hate people that I should hate and like people that I should like, while adding in even more characters like Shae and Ygritte that round out the cast spectacularly. 
And then today I decided to watch all the way to the current episode knowing that there was something significant that was going to happen in it but happy that it would be a surprise as I hadn't been spoiled like with Ned. But can I just say before that, that season 3 has been my favorite season even without this episode. I'm not sure it is because of the quality of the season or that with each episode I grow more and more attached to the characters so much so that there isn't a transition where I say "oh no why are we showing this boring character story when other things are happening" anymore. There isn't a dull story to tell anywhere because the characters have just gotten so ingrained and interesting for me to watch. Oh and I have to add that Olenna Tyrell has made me laugh more than any other character on this show or any other show in a while and she's a new favorite of mine. 
But let's get on to this episode. This episode. Even with the thought that the burning of the leeches could mean the death of Robb I refused to believe it. No way that Robb would die so early that the war that defined almost the entire series up to this point could end just because Melisandre worked her magic somehow. But oh no that magic didn't kill him. When I saw Catelyn's worried face at the doors closing my heart dropped. This can't be happening the wedding was so cheery and lively. Everything seemed to be going well and Robb could finally find his victory over the Lannisters. The family would be reunited and they'd all travel back to Winterfell. But no Catelyn pulled up Bolton's clothes to reveal armor and my heart dropped. Suddenly Rob's child whether it was a boy or girl was lost forever. The man I thought was to be the main protagonist up to this point was shot full of arrows and my favorite character Catelyn was shot as well and on the ground. I had tears in my eyes by the time the scene shifted to the killing of greywind and i realized that Arya would never reunite with her family even though I'd been anticipating it all season.
And then the final scene. Please let one of them live please let them go. I'd grown so attached to these two that I wanted to see them move on so much. So very much. A sliver of hope came as my Catelyn Stark my hero begged and pleaded with the murderer. Surely he had some mercy. He couldn't be so cruel to kill both of them just because a wedding was thrown off. He had to have a heart somewhere. But no he enjoyed all of this and did not regret it in the least. And suddenly the Lannisters took their first and last victory over Robb. At this point I was bawling staring at Catelyn who i'd loved since the beginning standing there broken and beaten and I probably couldn't even imagine a fraction of the pain you'd have to endure in a situation like that. She was dead with her silence after slitting that girl's throat which seemed to last minutes. I didn't even care about what happened next as she was already gone. And I just looked at the screen with more tears than I have had since longer than I can remember. 
So here I am. I walked around for a couple minutes not believing it this was incredible yet I didn't know how to handle it. So here I am because I found a forum for the show and I have written a mini essay because I NEEDED to get my feelings about this episode and the series. Catelyn was my favorite character from start till now but the show eased me into liking the other characters almost as equally. I will move on from this massacre because I am reeling to find out what happens next. After I watch the last episode tomorrow I will probably go read the books as I need more and this episode secured my thinking in that I NEED more. 
I'm not even sure I posted this in the right forum or even if this was appropriate to post as this is more of a blog at this point but I'm doing it anyway as my first post and I won't regret it!
RIP Catelyn, Rob, The unborn Child, Talisa, Grey Wind, and everyone else who died
And I hope everyone who was responsible for this gets what they deserve.
1672	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	And I hope everyone who was responsible for this gets what they deserve.The gods are not just. There would not be so much injustice in the world if they were.
1673	Djinn	2013-07-21	So the map of westeros used in the show seems the same of the books, right? So the overall geographic features are the same, right? because Robb's plan confuses me. If he's going to march on Casterly Rock(presumably a castle as strong as Winterfell), and there's a road between CR and KL, wouldn't he be at risk of Tywin(with his Tyrell-Lannister army) trapping him against the sea? And why would Tywin lose his power if CR fell? Did Robb's power fell when Theon took WF? And even if Robb took CR, with the greater Lannister-Tyrell outside wouldn't he be trapped? Am i the only one that is confused about this plan?
1674	Scrambled Aegon	2013-09-14	I thought i would feel better today but still don'tThis is how I feel, and it's freaking September.
1675	shiola	2013-06-02	This thread is for discussing what you loved about the episode, from the largest plot point to the smallest facial expression or background detail.Here are the rules of this thread.  If you cannot follow them, do not post.  I don't like having to waste posts in my own threads by quoting and correcting everyone who doesn't bother to read the rules.  * NO complaining or negative comments in this thread. This is our "happy place". Is the show perfect?  Hell no, but that's not what this thread is about.* Book/TV spoilers are fine inside spoiler tags ONLY. If you do not know how to make one, it's simple.  Here is an example:[.spoiler]Darth Vader is Luke's father[/.spoiler] without the periods becomes
	Spoiler Darth Vader is Luke's father
If you aren't sure, tag it anyway.* Boy's real name is considered a spoiler unless revealed.* This thread is NOT for predictions or speculation* Above all, I want this thread to be a happy place where people can be sheltered from all of the negativity.  And it has to remain 100% spoiler free for our non-reader friends so that as many people as possible can join in!  This is supposed to be fun and happy (or as fun and happy as Game of Thrones can be!)
1676	Fat Mac	2013-06-02	Phenomenal episode. I'm glad they went for less story lines in order to make the ones they focused on longer.
	Spoiler -Bran/Rickon splitting was more heartbreaking than I originally would have thought.
-I very much liked the Jon scenes. Ygritte's reaction was a job well done by Rose Leslie. Also, Jon getting attacked by Orell as the eagle was good.
-Nice Hound/Arya dynamic.

					
					
							Edited by Mr Motte, 02 June 2013 - 10:27 PM.
1677	Autopath	2013-06-02	The whole post is spoileriffic:
	Spoiler Catelyn's final expression of pure despair and empty desolation. Perfectly acted and very sad.
Grey Wind peeking through the bottom of the stable at Arya and dying.
Robb's last word: "Mother" ...and his sad, sad expression
The Hound's expression after Arya bashed the guy on the skull after he regained consciousness.
Ygritte's rage-filled expression when Jon bailed on her.
Bran warging Hodor. Creepfest.
Summer getting to rickroll some wildlings.
Edmure's comments "Once you set the monster free it's hard to get him caged again!" or whatever he said during the bedding, haha. Something like that.
The Blackfish trying to avoid the eyes of the Frey women who were battling lashes at him.
The awful, creepy, but really well done series of moments from when the Frey goon shuts the doors and Catelyn instinctively knows something is wrong. Big build-up there, and Roose's cold, smiling stare when she sees thathe's wearing mail.
Sidenote: My least favorite moment, not because it was poorly done, but just because it was awful to see, was Talysa getting stabbed in the abdomen to kill fetus and the heir to the North. That was just horrible.
1678	Kozma	2013-06-02	No nudity, no sex. Bran is uber warg....and Igriette is betrayed just fantastic
1679	Mark Antony	2013-06-02	Loved all of it but i really want to say Rickon <3 /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1680	Lord Bored	2013-06-02	The pacing throughout the entire episode I thought was perfect. Honestly, I thought it would've been a disjointed mess, but each subplot was thankfully given an appropriate amount of time.
Oh, and I loved seeing Bran discover his warging abilities. That whole scene was tense and epic as hell /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1681	wolverine	2013-06-02	Wow.  Loved this episode.  I could be very specific, but that would take to long, so here are a few general things I thought were great:Hound and Arya interaction3 very distinct fighting styles with the guards at YunkaiBran AND RickonJon's escape all aroundWalder fucking FreyReveal to Edmure of his pretty bride
1682	Death By Fire	2013-06-02	Roslin is so beautiful! I feel so bad for her and Edmure. They're my favorite ASoIAF couple somehow. >.<
1683	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Everything.
1684	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	Just about everything save one which i already explained in the Nitpick thread.
Cat's catatonic stare just won my face. 
Queenscrown was cool.
The near-misses of the Starks coming together was just awesome. And really sad. 
Jon finally got his face mangled.
Ygritte's look of devastation at Jon's betrayal.
Osha and Rickon leaving. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1685	Head of The Ned	2013-06-02	Everything
I'm not even going to lie when I watched it the second time I shed a few tears when 
	Spoiler  Rickon and Bran split up and also when Grey Wind died 

Roose Bolton... very well done. The way Cat KNEW shit was going wrong just that hopeless expression on her face that entire scene. Bran finally warging!
I loved how there were so many subtle and non-subtle hints to the end result. Fuck what an episode...
The pace of the episode was good only 50 mins which means we will get a 60 minute finale again. The acting was also top notch seriously everyone seemed to have been on their A game for this one.. the way Jorah's face changed from joy and hope to defeat when he realizes that Dany is in love with Daario.
Roslin Frey was also very well played, she had those momentary frozen expressions because she knew what was going to happen... honestly I'm rooting for Edmure more than ever I didn't really care for him in the books and even though his character is only beginning to be developed on the show I can tell that Tobias Menzies is gonna nail this role hence making me like him more in the books as well
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 02 June 2013 - 11:52 PM.
1686	Leif	2013-06-02	Rickon's part. Did not expect that; the kid can act.
1687	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-02	Watching Cat was heartbreaking.
Little Rickon pledging to protect Bran
Jon rebelling against the wildling with Summer and Shaggydog at his six!
Daario calling Jorah on his bullshit was priceless.
Arya knocking dude out after Dog saying how kind she was.
1688	chimere	2013-06-03	Rickon's part. Did not expect that; the kid can act.SERIOUSLY! Not only that but he looks so much like a "Tully," they really lucked out finding the actor. I am super impressed.
1689	Low Born	2013-06-03	Fantastic episode and best of the season by far. Walter Frey was so fucking fantastic I feel guilty for liking him. Hound and Aryra stuff is great too and love his facial expressions each time she shocks him with how not Sansa she is.
1690	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	-FUCKING LOVED how Roose didn't give a shit when Cat saw the chainmail. Also loved him snarling "The Lannisters send their regards" and the inclusion of the Fat Walda story.
-Great foreshadowing of Robb's demise with Bran pointing out that Rickon would be the heir to Winterfell 
-Orell's eagle attacking Jon
-Cat begging Robb to walk out. It was just how I imagined it to be. God, Michelle Fairley just tore me apart in this episode.
-Daario seems likable
-The Frey girls looking at the Blackfish
-The actress that played Roslin did a good job
-Fucking Argus Filch you loathsome motherfucker
1691	Queen Daenerys	2013-06-03	The rains of Castamere.
The silent credits: more powerfull than any music 
Hound and Arya: they're great together! (Arya knocking out that guy and the look on the Houd's face: just great.)
Bran warging Hodor and "stop Hodoring!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1692	The Pain Yak	2013-06-03	When the Rains of Castamere started to play, and the cut to the look on Catelyn's face as realization begins to dawn...goosebumps.
1693	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-03	I continue to be impressed with how tightly they are weaving the storylines together.  There was quite a bit of dialogue harking back to the first season.  They have also done extraordinarily well using the songs as to foreshadow what will happen. 
One of my favorite scenes is Robb and Cat talking in the tent.  He tells Cat how she was right when she warned him about Theon, and he wants to take her advice.  What isn't mention but what the viewer will come to know is that Cat was also correct when she warned him what might happen if he breaks the betrothal with the Frey. The viewer is aware that Cat warned him about wedding Talisa, but showrunners didn't spoonfeed it.  It was a perfect set-up to creating the sense of dread that continued on throughout the episode.
1694	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	I continue to be impressed with how tightly they are weaving the storylines together.  There was quite a bit of dialogue harking back to the first season.  They have also done extraordinarily well using the songs as to foreshadow what will happen.One of my favorite scenes is Robb and Cat talking in the tent.  He tells Cat how she was right when she warned him about Theon, and he wants to take her advice.  What isn't mention but what the viewer will come to know is that Cat was also correct when she warned him what might happen if he breaks the betrothal with the Frey. The viewer is aware that Cat warned him about wedding Talisa, but showrunners didn't spoonfeed it.  It was a perfect set-up to creating the sense of dread that continued on throughout the episode.I liked the Robb/Cat scene too. Made Robb much more likable.And I agree on your first point. I loved how Gilly called Sam a "wizard". Didn't he say he always wanted to be one in S1? I think this approach they've taken in the past 2 episodes, where they only focus on about 3-5 plots rather than cram in about 9 is a much better form of storytelling. It would work better if they had more episodes per season though.
1695	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	How the hell do they just find child actors who are better than about 90% of TV actors? Arya just owns every scene and the kid who plays Rickon Stark, at the age of 12, is better at conveying emotion and gives a more heartbreaking performance than most lead hollywood actors could. It does not make sense?! The people who do the casting genuinely deserve the most  credit out of everyone to do with the show in my opinion.
1696	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-03	I liked the Robb/Cat scene too. Made Robb much more likable.And I agree on your first point. I loved how Gilly called Sam a "wizard". Didn't he say he always wanted to be one in S1? I think this approach they've taken in the past 2 episodes, where they only focus on about 3-5 plots rather than cram in about 9 is a much better form of storytelling. It would work better if they had more episodes per season though.Yup, Sam said he wanted to be a wizard in season 1!  There was also a small bit where there was a bit of a reminder of ShowSyrio's "What do we say to the god of death?  Not today!" in the Sandor/Arya scene.  She says, "Someday I will yadda yadda kill you", then turns away from him.  "Not today" immediately went through my head with that one.  There were a couple of others that I can't recall off the top of my head. I agree with you, showing fewer arcs each episode makes it more enjoyable, and also works to tighten up the woven storylines.  This is a shallow example, but Cersei going into detail last week about the Rains of Castamere at the wedding helped weave that bit of history into why Frey would react the way he did when the betrothal was broken.  It would have been odd or too cheesy if that explanation and the Red Wedding came all in the same episode.
1697	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	How the hell do they just find child actors who are better than about 90% of TV actors? Arya just owns every scene and the kid who plays Rickon Stark, at the age of 12, is better at conveying emotion and gives a more heartbreaking performance than most lead hollywood actors could. It does not make sense?! The people who do the casting genuinely deserve the most  credit out of everyone to do with the show in my opinion.Well, mostly the casting has been excellent.Negativity removed.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 03 June 2013 - 01:45 AM.
1698	a shadow	2013-06-03	Roose Bolton. Not loved entirely, but liked enough.
					
					
							Edited by A Shadow, 03 June 2013 - 01:58 AM.
1699	crazibouncer	2013-06-03	Loved everyone and everything about the wedding (except the deaths of course, I will surely miss those characters), it was done very very well.
Arya and Hound! Gotta love it.
Seeing Jorah's jealously is great.  I feel bad, but I feel like next episode it may become common knowledge that he is jealous.
Rickon was great and Bran warging into Hodor and having the wolves kick some ass.
Jon killing Orell and getting attacked by the bird
1700	ManceSnow	2013-06-03	SO GOOD
In particular - 
Robb joking with Talisa 'maybe ive made a huge mistake'
Roose Bolton Is so good! The exact cold fucker I knew hed be.
Walder Frey is amazing aswell, drinking his wine and enjoying the carnage
and the best bit in the whole episode - when The Rains of Castamere came on. I was like 'holy shit here it comes!' and Cats face when that happens is brilliant, change from joy to dread.
Just amazing.
1701	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	That little mocking smile that Roose gave to Cat when she discovered his armour. My god. It will haunt me.
1702	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	I loved that Rickon got some more screentime. The kid playing him was really good in his scene, I was moved. 
	Spoiler  I liked that the Talisa is a spy theory was not true 
.
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 03 June 2013 - 02:23 AM.
1703	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	The look Cat was giving Roose when he told the story of how he picked his wife.
That actress is so great at giving the stink eye, it's fantastic.
1704	Tirilei	2013-06-03	I liked how Edmure's face showed disbelief and then lit up when he first saw Roslyn unveiled.
1705	Lebron  James	2013-06-03	Catelyn's actor was just pure win during the RW.
From the moment that the band started playing the Rains of Castamere, and her reaction to it, she just dominated.
1706	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Edmure trying to deduce which Frey girl was Roslin was hilarious. He came across as more of a likable goof than ever before.
1707	Juli Cachet	2013-06-03	- Roose
- Lady Frey
- Walder fucking Frey
- Fat Walda!
- Edmure's faces before the ceremony
- Rickon!!!
- the whole Queenscrown thing
- Daario
- Grey Wind
- Arya/Hound
god I loved everything.
1708	lightbringer333	2013-06-03	i liked the scene when Roslin looks at Robb and then Robb at lord frey and the lord frey teasing him and was like " see.. u would have got much beautiful pussy than what u own. "
1709	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	i liked the scene when Roslin looks at Robb and then Robb at lord frey and the lord frey teasing him and was like " see.. u would have got much beautiful pussy than what u own. "In retrospect he was probably giving that look just to spite the man he knew would be dead in a few hours.
1710	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-03	I won't bother mentioning the main stuff because it's already been said.
But I was super excited for Grey Worm absolutely owning ass with the spear and shield combo.  Wow, so cool!
1711	adeadhand	2013-06-03	- The twisted, sociopathic smile from Roose. Eek! He and Ramsey are going to make a great duo.
- Talisa's death was disgusting. Robbs' and Cats' both perfect. Michelle Fairley should at least get a nomination for her performance.
Also, Jon ditching the Wildlings was a great moment for the sole reason that I'm bored of that storyline. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by adeadhand, 03 June 2013 - 03:05 AM.
1712	Mendoza	2013-06-03	I'm just glad to see the "Stark Voice", their POV in this episode. Bran as a wise little lord. Rickon even getting a moment to be a little brother. Jon Snow going hero mode. The freaking direwolves making a comeback. This episode makes up for the farce that of a wedding two weeks ago that was in no way shape or form from Sansa's point of view. Obviously, Cat at the wedding. Robb maintaining some dignity, saying a quiet goodbye to his wife, unborn child, and mother before the end.
I love the interplay between Roose and Cat.
Happy that the Talisa/Jeyne Westerling theories are DOA now.
					
					
							Edited by Mendoza, 03 June 2013 - 04:07 AM.
1713	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	I was absolutely pissing myself when Arya hit the guy casually over the head. Hilarious.
1714	Holdfast	2013-06-03	Continued good dynamic between the Arya and the Hound.
The outstanding acting of Michelle Fairley this episode .  Also the same for those two young actors playing Bran and Rickon in their final scene together.
The silence of the final credits - absolutely right.
1715	KoishNoish	2013-06-03	My God it was a good episode wasn't it? Perfectly done IMO.
Favorite Bits;
	Spoiler Roose, my God, ROOOSE he was played so well in the exact way I wanted him to be played. His little smiles made me shiver. Also how he didn't drink any wine to 'keep his senses sharp' got me smiling (well not smiling as such).
Liked the Arya and Hound dynamic. It worked surprisingly well. I thought it would be a bit boring.
Rickon, the hell, didn't expect that from him. Loved him this episode and Hodor, gotta love Hodor.
Jon got attacked by the eagle (took a while) happy that actually happened.
Lord Walder's face during Edmure's vows to Robb had me chuckling.
Lastly when the Rain of Castamere came on and Catelyn turned with that face of shock it sent goosebumps all over.
Oh and also, the regards.
1716	SimpatiK	2013-06-03	Near perfect. The addition of Talisa paid of big i thought. However much one could complain that it's different from the books I was able to build a connection with her way more than with boring non-character Jeyne, and to have her slaughtered like that made a huge impact on me. 
I would like to point out that Thomas Sangster is boss. His voice holds amazing gravity for a young man and I'm glad to have him as mr exposition for 2 more seasons, hopefully. 
Rickon is another gem that's been hidden for very long. Him and Osha are probably going to have a little side adventure for some scenes.
1717	Springs09	2013-06-03	Everything. It was just a great episode. The first episode I would rate a 10. This and Second Sons redeemed the season for me after what I thought was an awful episodes 6 and 7.
- Walder Frey is great
- Roose Bolton is great
- Catelyn was great for once
- Bran and Rickon scenes were great
- Jon was great. Liked all his scenes.
More character-focused episodes like this please. If every episode was structured like this and cut out the useless crap it would be the greatest show on TV.
1718	GoldenFleece	2013-06-03	Got chills when the Rains of Castamere started playing.  Was fantastic.
					
					
							Edited by GoldenFleece, 03 June 2013 - 05:20 AM.
1719	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	The meaning look on Roose's face when Cat sees the armour under his clothes.
Cat almost visibly going to the dark side at the end - good set up for UnCat.
Nice way to remind us what is going on with Robb and Cat discussing strategy at the beginning.
Compressing Bran's discovery of his powers into one action sequence. Good: no more stringing it out.
The look on Ygritte's face when Jon rides off. She has acting chops.
The fight scene with Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario versus the guards.
Osha telling Rickon she'll look after him.
Rickon finally getting some lines!
Edmure telling his wife to be she is a delight to him.
"The Lannisters send their regards".
Walder Frey being his nasty self. Good acting.
Arya persuading Sander not to kill the old man...then hitting him on the head. Made me laugh.
Jon killing Orell, then being attacked by his eagle.
1720	lostinasia	2013-06-03	So much to like in this one. Since I'm thoroughly confused about what constitutes a spoiler, I'll just put it all in tags. (And note: if you haven't read to the end of book 4 - I think - there's at least one big spoiler below.)
	Spoiler 
As Beowulf777 says above, the fact that Bran took a big jump in the warging, without dragging it out too long.
"How can you pretend to sell pork if you eat it all?", or whatever she said.
Being completely unable to identify whatever piece of the pig the Hound was eating.
A detail: after Bran wargs, the rest of the group are sitting somewhat away from him, facing him - he's been cut off from what was once more of a circle.
The faint faint suggestion that maybe, just maybe, Robb "saw" Arya through Grey Wind at the end. Really doubtful and not a plot point but nice to think about.
The conflicted hope when Arya found Grey Wind's cage: "Oh, great, she's going to let Grey Wind go, and then ... ah, crap, I know Grey Wind will die no matter what happens. Uh, never mind."
As others have said, Edmure being more of a likeable doofus. And the Blackfish being thankfully toned down a bit, talking about how he loves his nephew. Both characters end the episode quite a bit more appealing.
Blackfish (presumably) not being dead.
Robb and Talisa both doing a brilliant job at their end.
Not having to see Grey Wind shot. That would have done me in. Brutal but not too visually disturbing, much like Lady's death two seasons back.
Robb's army, with Grey Wind at the lead! Yay House Stark, looking back in the fight! Oh, nevermind.
The fact that I was actually shaking after the episode ended! I knew it was coming, and I knew it'd be intense, but TREMBLING?! Wow. I tear up pretty easily, but the trembling was a surprise. Plus the little queasy feeling in my gut around the forty minute mark: "Huh?", I thought. "Weren't you looking forward to this? Why so serious?!"
The fact that I now think the way they've handled Talisa and the wedding is a good thing (I've never disliked it, but I was worried how it was going to go).
Arya's fate not being much of a cliffhanger (at least not in the "What?! Is she dead too?!" vein). The conclusion to her chapter from the book would have been cheesy on the TV show.
Rickon! Where the heck did THAT come from?! Why have they been hiding this guy?!
The Wildling military strategy in which surrounding a hut apparently means everyone run straight towards it and make no effort to surround it. Callback to Jon's remark last episode that they don't know how to fight together.
A nice job of moving Bran's, Rickon's, and Jon's stories all forward quite a bit - leaving House Stark not utterly forlorn.
Jon pushing Ygritte out of the way so she didn't have the chance to fight on his side and therefore get killed. I have no idea if that was in the book or not.
The different ways Tormund and Orell turned against Jon: the latter because he's just a shit, the former with some regret, but recognizing this guy he likes is unfortunately on the other side.
The switch from Jinglebells or whatever his name was to Frey's latest wife. An effective way to demonstrate where Catelyn's arc is heading. Not that it looks like her arc is heading much of anywhere!
The fighting threesome in Yunkai. Will have to watch that again, and would love to hear a critique from someone that actually knows their stuff on martial arts.
1721	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	I loved how seamlessly/breathlessly Walder Frey's antics moved from comical/farcical in the first act to horrifying in the last act.  I watched it with a bunch of non-reader friends and they laughed loudly at Frey's treatment of Stark and of his own daughters through most of the episode. but the room was silent as the credits rolled.  That was another thing I liked.  No music over the final credits, just silent horror.
And how amazing did Grey Worm's balletic spear moves look?
1722	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	And how amazing did Grey Worm's balletic spear moves look?I know, right? Beautifully choreographed. Jorah's sidesteps, and his one-two combination with Daario were excellent as well.
1723	Hound's She-wolf	2013-06-03	This whole episode was done well. The highlight was of-course the wedding and Michelle Fairley, but just as spectacular-NO THeon torture porn, Gendry torture porn or gratuitous tits and ass. It's amazing what one can do without trying to pander to the lowest common denominator.
1724	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-06-03	In addition to every thing that has already been pointed out regarding the wedding, I also really liked the fight scene in Yunkai.
Jorah and Daario tag-teaming one guard was really cool, as was the fight in whole (despite obvious flynning in some instances) and Greay Worm was fucking awesome with the spear. Which makes me really look forward to the Red Viper vs. Mountain fight.
1725	Lord Hound	2013-06-03	Hodor, stop Hodoring!
1726	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Another thing I loved (besides Art Parkinson's wonderful perfomance that many have mentioned) was Natalia Tena.
I've loved the protective/big sister relationship that she's developed with Bran and Rickon, and her performance in the scene where they had to split up was very sweet and moving.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 06:51 AM.
1727	BillBones	2013-06-03	Everything Michelle Fairley. Absolutely blew my mind. What an actress.Also loved Jon saying "You were right the whole time, as he killed Orell, as well as Jorah (and the others, but Jorah in particular) being an absolute badass during the fighting.
1728	Tytus	2013-06-03	And I agree on your first point. I loved how Gilly called Sam a "wizard". Didn't he say he always wanted to be one in S1? I think this approach they've taken in the past 2 episodes, where they only focus on about 3-5 plots rather than cram in about 9 is a much better form of storytelling. It would work better if they had more episodes per season though.This may have been my favorite part. I loved that line in Season 1 ("My whole life I've wanted to be a Ranger." "I've always wanted to be a wizard."), and then seeing how happy Sam was to hear Gilly say it haha. 
	Spoiler Almost made it worth them apparently ditching Coldhands.

					
					
							Edited by Tytus, 03 June 2013 - 08:49 AM.
1729	SlackBladder	2013-06-03	Spoiler The chainmail reveal and the look Roose Bolton gives Catelyn. Absolutely perfect, you can just tell what a conniving bastard he is from that one reaction. Probably the only character I prefer in the show to the book, in the book he's just a creep but in the show he's a very charismatic creep.
1730	AegonSnow	2013-06-03	Spoiler  I liked how the Bran/Rickon split up was not at Winterfell, but closer to Queenstown.
It helped not have the whole "If Rickon goes to Skagos from Winterfell, they have to pass by the Dreadfort"  problem
1731	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	I was suuuuuuuuper happy that sweet Rickon actually got some lines this episode! and mentioning old Nan, and what she said about drinking blood from skulls - this was one of my favourite little tidbits she had told the children over the years
Gilly calling Sam a wizard haha he loved that
I liked the work they put into weaving the storylines together, I was impressed I wasn't sure if they would pull it off but yeah they did.
I was happy Summer got to kick some butt
	Spoiler  now I know this sounds bad but I liked Talisas death, I didn't HATE her or anything like that, I just liked how intensely horrific it was, and how they re-affirmed the baby and their love for it just before it happened. (don't judge me I don't hate babies or pregnant people or anything like that!)
Cat slitting the Frey girls throat instead of JongleBells was a fantastic touch IMO that was great the way she just ripped her out from hiding under the table by the hair!!
Jon finally Killing Orel, and getting his scar... although its very much not like the scars I imagined him to have :/ but still that's better than nothing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 

there were many other points I liked but I wont go into them all
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 03 June 2013 - 09:24 AM.
1732	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	Talisa's inclusion and death was brilliant.
Replicating the emotional shock of an event all readers knew was coming seemed an impossible task, and I was really set to be slightly let down no matter how well it was portrayed. But Talisa was a wildcard. Different from the books, and pregnant, I really couldn't guess at her fate. Was she in on it, or not?
So for the RW to being the way it did was such an emotional gutpunch that I really couldn't believe what I was seeing. I was truly stunned/horrified/shaken, and then the Michelle Fairley picked up that baton and just killed the rest of the scene. But the ballsy move to include a generally disliked character, and start it off that way, was just brilliant to me.
1733	Isy	2013-06-03	Loved the episode. Although some scenes a little too short, the overall emotional rollercoaster of the episode was so intense. I laughed, I cried at Rickon/Bran scene, I cried for Arya, and then I was just utterly shellshocked for the last couple of scenes - no tears, just intense staring and open-mouther shock (even though I knew it was all coming). And my god... Talysa :*(
1734	Versiroth	2013-06-03	When The Rains of Castamere kicked in and Catelyn looks up at the band... wow... chill bumps.   I wonder how many Unsillied recognized the song.
1735	Le Cygne	2013-06-03	Loved the scene with the Hound rescuing Arya.  I like the way it called back to the way he rescued Sansa.
1736	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-03	For me to was the whole sequence right before the carnage took place. From the moment that the Frey closed the door till Catelyn bitch slapped Roose...that whole sequence was so heart poundingly good.
I loved the first initial look of suspicion when Catelyn saw the Frey close the door. She, and the audience, became a little unsettled in that moment. Then when the Rains of Castamere started playing it was a total "Oh nooo...." moment. I know the audience knew something was wrong but didn't quite expect what was about to happen.
Then the whole quiet exchange between Catelyn and Roose was magnificent. Roose is such a monster and it really showed in that flash moment. He was basically telling her "Yep, you and yours are done and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. Sorry, my lady." He does this all without saying a single damn word. Perfection!
1737	Le Cygne	2013-06-03	That was a good moment.  Michelle Fairley was amazing.
1738	Stag Country	2013-06-03	Actually I enjoyed that there was actual sword fighting for once.  That fight in Yunkai was the best on the show thus far.  Better even than Ned vs. Jaime. 
The Red Wedding really was perfect.  I didn't think it would hurt nearly as much as it did....but here I am almost a day later and I can't think straight. 
Anyone else think that Bran being called out as an exception Warg has some kind of portency to book Bran taking over a Dragon?
1739	Reposado	2013-06-03	decent fight choreography for the first time ever
1740	silentwanderer	2013-06-03	The Hound playing father to Arya.
As far as he was concerned, all her family was dying inside that Castle. There was no one to pay for her anymore.
Yet he went back for his pup and took her to safety. Fire be damned.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 03 June 2013 - 03:31 PM.
1741	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-03	Lord Bolton's barely disguised delight once Catelyn realises What's Up... followed swiftly by her glorious slap across his chops.
Bran and Rickon's farewell scene.
No music playing during the credits.
1742	lizziebeth	2013-06-03	So much to love in this episode.
Rickon made me cry when they were saying goodbye.  "But I'm your brother, I have to protect you!" /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  
Osha telling Rickon that they'll have adventures and her all around caring about the boys so much.  I never cared much about Rickon in the books, but I kinda want to see The Adventures of Osha, Rickon, and Shaggydog. 
Grey Worm's kick ass spear skills.  
	Spoiler  I can't WAIT for the Viper vs. the Mountain scene now. More spear fighting please! 
 
Arya hitting the old man over the head after convincing the Hound to let him live.  
Then there's the standout bits for me at the Red Wedding 
        Cat and the Blackfish talking about Edmure.  "He's my nephew, and a damn fool" lol.
        The bedding, Drunk Edmure, and Talisa's complete confusion about it.  
        Rob and Talisa talking about naming the baby Ned. 
        Rains of Castamere gave me the fucking chills.
        Walder Frey sipping his wine watching the massacre  
	Spoiler  Can we have Frey Pie now?  I'm feeling the need for vengeance for the North 
 
        Death of Grey Wind
        The complete silence of the credits.  Completely perfect to let us reflect on the horror we've just witnessed
I thought I was emotionally prepared for this episode.... I so was not.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1743	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-03	I liked pretty much everything, but if I have to choose:
-Grey Worm being a boss fighting with the spear. Such elegant dance!
-Rickon and Bran's farewell. That little boy playing Rickon sure can act.
-Frey's expression when Robb looks at him after he sees Roslin. You may even believe the man was actually funny and in good spirit..
-ETA: Jon Snow "You were right about me all the time" sick delivery in the best way possible.
-ETA: the fact they chose the cello as the instrument playing the Rains of Castemere. There's no other instrument with such a beautiful, haunting and sad sound.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 03 June 2013 - 04:49 PM.
1744	mafalda	2013-06-03	Going to copy and paste some stuff I said in another board, but generally:The Freys are some of the most alarming looking characters I think I've seen in any television show. I remember thinking how odd the two Freys that came to parlay with the Tully-Starks were. They all have the creepiness factor down packed!I loved how they had the superficial Edmure in suspense about his bride. They introduced all of Walder Frey's unattractive daughters then kept Roslin back until the moment they were to exchange vows. She is VERY pretty! I also loved how she was calm during the ceremony, unlike book Roslin who was a sobbing mess every time she was shown. The ceremony itself was pretty and jolly, regardless of how I felt about the killin's (oh, Hagrid!) and the music was great. I liked that they had the orchestra capable, instead of playing horribly.Also, loved the addition of the Twins in the opening credits! Quick question though.. right before the Twins and after Dragonstone, they breezed over an Inn.. which Inn was it? Everytime I tried to pause it, my comcast bar was in the way /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />On a side note, can I take a brief moment to say how much I enjoy Edmure?? He's just so silly and superficial and I think that it makes him kind of endearing.He really thought he was doing something with that Mill situation. How cute!I thought that Jon and Bran's storylines were well done, and I was excited to see Bran warging into Hodor. Also, the kid playing Rickon finally got a few lines and he's a great little actor, it turns out! And I thought that Osha and Rickon's departure was done nicely, and I think I actually prefer this one than the books. We get more screen time from Natalia, who I think really brings Osha's character to life. I hope the show follows Osha and Rickon.Even though this was wayy out of character, but Roose Trollton was hilarious. Taunting Catelyn with hinting his armor underneath his clothes, lol! Then her follow up slap, and him running out of the shot.. I was torn! Half of me was wtf and the other half was all lols.
1745	victim	2013-06-03	Spoiler - "Do it. Do it!" Ygritte urging Jon to behead the old man, using the exact same words she used when she urged him to hurry up and behead her as well. It seems Jon isn't too great at beheading folks, which makes for great character development later when he kills the boy and becomes the man... i.e. he beheads Slynt.
- Great instance of show don't tell when Orell wargs into his eagle after his death.
- The way Jorah's heart breaks when all Dany cares about is Daario. (I'm sorry to say, but Dany just firmly placed herself in my most hated character category, as in, I already disliked her in the books, but now I hate her in the show as well!). You can't fault Iain Glen, he's unflappable.
- Grey Worm was amazing with that spear, as a lot of people have said. When I saw him fighting all I said to my friend was, "Did Grey Worm just become my favourite character?"
- Rickon
and now on to the Good Stuff:
- 'The Lannister's Send Their Regards' was the perfect score for the Red Wedding.
- Walder Frey... Wow! How can he go from such a funny old perv to such a horrible twat so quickly?
- Arya witnessing Grey Wind dying... and
- Grey Wind dying. I was so sad that he didn't get his amazing final stand as he did in the books, but I think that's the point. His death seemed so undeserving and he was just brutally slaughtered in a place he couldn't get out from, just like his owner. His dying growl, and his eyes closing, was the most tragic thing I've ever seen/heard.
- Roose Bolton's, "got you now," smile. Why do I like him so much? He's just played perfectly.
- Michelle Fairley was impeccable. Flawlessly switching between threatening Walder Frey and begging Robb to leave. Amazing acting and her scream when Robb was killed will haunt me forever. 
- Goodbye Eddard 2.0, your life was a short one.
1746	Blaer Dayle	2013-06-03	Am I the only one who finds this pefect? The actor playing Roose was dropping little Easter Eggs for us to find later.http://s3-ec.buzzfed...70269905-14.gif
1747	Lady Arwen	2013-06-03	Everything Rickon. "I'm your brother! I have to protect you!" Oh, my sweet baby Rickon! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
					
					
							Edited by Lady Arwen, 03 June 2013 - 07:18 PM.
1748	Nahkuri	2013-06-03	Yeah. I know it was probably like the 3rd time he said anything, but that was a good scene.
My favourite moment was the look Walter Frey gave Robb when it turned out the arseface bride everyone was expecting turned out to be incredibly pretty. When taken out of the whole RW context, that was one of the funniest scenes in this season.
1749	Roose Seal	2013-06-03	"No more hodoring!"
Rickon!
Grey worm!
1750	Dove	2013-06-03	Hot damn do I love Michelle Fairley
to clarify: (book stuff about the last scene, no spoiler technically)
	Spoiler Cat's breakdown in the books - the laughter, the hysteria, etc. - was genuinely upsetting and distressing for me, but I'm not sure it would have worked all that well on screen. I felt that her going catatonic instead was a fantastic way to adapt that moment and it upset me just as much as reading that chapter for the first time, if not moreso. 

					
					
							Edited by Hunt, 03 June 2013 - 09:17 PM.
1751	Nami	2013-06-03	Maisie Williams acting
Lack of music in the end
The stabbing of Talisa's belly was brutal and shocking for those who already knew about the RW
1752	Janicia	2013-06-03	I enjoyed Arya and Sandor snapping at each other like the unsocialized feral beings that they are.  I really like that Arya is smart and brave and trying so very hard to be an adult... but she's a kid.  She doesn't remotely comprehend Sandor's motivations.  She doesn't have a good sense of her limitations.  She's not amazing at everything, but she's also not just a useless screaming moppet.  
I like that Daario's speech patterns are sorta similar to Jaquen's; its a neat way of talking and it builds a little world.  
I'm glad we're done speculating about Talisa.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ygritte's look of disbelief that Jon abandoned her, right after she risked her neck again for him, was incredible.  She put it all on the line for him and he rode off on a horse to warn his people without looking back.  
I'm grateful that fans on this site pointed out to me the meaning of the "Jaime / Lannisters send their regards" was that Catelyn's release of Jaime made the RW possible.  I hadn't previously understood why, of all the things Bolton could have chosen to say, he picked that one.  Evil B$%@*#$.
1753	Ghosteline	2013-06-03	Arya slamming that man across his face - and Hounds reaction to this : " whattaa.."
Ygrittes facial expression after Jon left her.
Rickon - well done lad!
Brans eyes turning upside down.
Shaggydog and Summer in action -  F I N A L L Y !
Sandor eating pigs feet.
Eagle attacking Jon.
Rob standing with arrows in his body.
1754	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	Daario..
Art as Rickon made me tear up in the leaving scene.. the "Winterfell" music (and its subsequent remixes) always makes me cry...
1755	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	I'm grateful that fans on this site pointed out to me the meaning of the "Jaime / Lannisters send their regards" was that Catelyn's release of Jaime made the RW possible.  I hadn't previously understood why, of all the things Bolton could have chosen to say, he picked that one.  Evil B$%@*#$.Yes, but it's also a, hey I had Jaime in my grasp, I could've sent him back to you or imprisoned him and severely strengthened our position (at least in the Northmen's eyes), but instead I sent him home (and had planned to betray you long ago). By the way he wanted me to tell you he says hello! Brutal line really, but I still think "The Lannisters" works, since I'm sure they're all very grateful for Roose releasing him and ultimately this was a Tywin machination.As for my Posnits (Yes I'm coining that):- Rickon in like 4 lines of dialogue makes you actually care about him. I never once cared for book Rickon. I didn't even know where the fuck Skagos was so this was really welcome and a reminder that good parenting generally breads non-asshole kids.- Blackfish reminding us he's not married and unable to contain himself at the sight of those Frey maids.- Walder still unable to remember his granddaughter's names- Walder actually seeming possibly amiable for a few select moments- Bread and salt - complete bookreader nod so I can appreciate those every time- Stranger always seems super agitated and uneasy. I don't even know if that's intentional but the horse seems pretty restless- The best line Jon's delivered this year was "You were right the whole time!" I actually laughed. What a fuck you to a guy you just (almost) killed.- Iain Glenn is just so awesome. When he gets all sad at Dany prioritizing Daario's survival equally with the taking of the city that he had almost died for (Of course Daario almost does too, but Jorah doesn't care about that), and the first question she asks isn't if he's ok or hurt, or even to thank him but to ask about Daario. He was crushed and I honestly felt so bad for him. Fucking Iain Glenn- Cat's suspicious look at Roose when he mentions he will marry Fat Walda. Awesome! She's always thinking about causation and the meaning behind things. This was her first clue that Bolton was in on this. - Sandor eating boar. Boar is the universal aSoIaF food that symbolizes the end of regime or perhaps a power-shift as Dr. Pepper once pointed out. When I saw him eating it my heart skipped a beat even though I knew what was happening anyways.Well that's enough but this whole episode had countless little excellent details and I'm so happy with it.
1756	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Just noticed this little moment upon a re-watch of the episode:
Jorah's crestfallen face when Dany immediately asks if Daario is okay after the gate assault on Yunkai
1757	Skeksi	2013-06-03	^ I have to admit, I giggled a little bit when Jorah's face fell when Dany asked about Daario. It's like "WHY WON'T YOU LOVE MEEEEEE?!"
1758	QueenJeyneApproximately	2013-06-03	Wow.  Loved this episode.  I could be very specific, but that would take to long, so here are a few general things I thought were great:Hound and Arya interaction3 very distinct fighting styles with the guards at YunkaiBran AND RickonJon's escape all aroundWalder fucking FreyReveal to Edmure of his pretty brideYes to all this! My expectations for this episode were so high because of the RW. All of the above were total unexpected pleasures.
1759	Nami	2013-06-03	^ I have to admit, I giggled a little bit when Jorah's face fell when Dany asked about Daario. It's like "WHY WON'T YOU LOVE MEEEEEE?!"I love how he immediately showed up right after she said his nameCheesy lol
1760	QueenJeyneApproximately	2013-06-03	Roslin is so beautiful! I feel so bad for her and Edmure. They're my favorite ASoIAF couple somehow. >.<I gasped when I saw her face and said, literally, "So pretty!" I knew what was coming, but seeing how pretty she was on screen, and seeing Edmure's reaction---dopey, unlikable Edmure---was visceral in a way that the books just couldn't be.
1761	Dove	2013-06-03	I love how he immediately showed up right after she said his nameCheesy lolHahaha, I didn't really make that connection. I love that Daario is basically the Tony Wonder of the GoT universe.
1762	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	^ I have to admit, I giggled a little bit when Jorah's face fell when Dany asked about Daario. It's like "WHY WON'T YOU LOVE MEEEEEE?!"This is why they are my OTP. I WANT THEM TO BE TOGETHER. He betrayed her, but as far as I'm concerned he only did it because it was return to his family and removing the shame he put on his house vs be loyal to this girl that he doesn't know. He did the right thing and, unlike Theon, chose the relationship he'd built over his blood ties. He made a bad decision but since then he's been loyal. Now, book Jorah is a different story....HIS FACE THOUGH ugh my heart broke in two
1763	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	I gasped when I saw her face and said, literally, "So pretty!" I knew what was coming, but seeing how pretty she was on screen, and seeing Edmure's reaction---dopey, unlikable Edmure---was visceral in a way that the books just couldn't be.Roslin was definitely a positive /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1764	Nami	2013-06-03	Anybody noticed Dany's indirect meaning when she said "how long does it take to sack a city?" and Selmy's expression
She said in a kind of bitter way maybe thinking about the sack of KL
					
					
							Edited by Nami, 03 June 2013 - 10:38 PM.
1765	Skeksi	2013-06-03	This is why they are my OTP. I WANT THEM TO BE TOGETHER. He betrayed her, but as far as I'm concerned he only did it because it was return to his family and removing the shame he put on his house vs be loyal to this girl that he doesn't know. He did the right thing and, unlike Theon, chose the relationship he'd built over his blood ties. He made a bad decision but since then he's been loyal. Now, book Jorah is a different story....HIS FACE THOUGH ugh my heart broke in twoBut... she doesn't fancy him. The "relationship" such as it is is emphasised a lot less in the TV show than the book, so I couldn't state for certain whether they will go in a slightly different direction in the show, but I would assume that they will stick with the basic outline that Jorah loves Daenarys, but she doesn't reciprocate. I really, really don't want to see them get together, because there's been no indication that Daenerys is actually attracted to Jorah, despite the fact that she does care for him as a friend and advisor. One sided relationships, not so fun. Hence my enjoyment of this scene, I guess...
1766	QueenJeyneApproximately	2013-06-03	The chemistry between Sam and Gilly. So sweet and unexpected.
1767	QueenJeyneApproximately	2013-06-03	- The twisted, sociopathic smile from Roose. Eek! He and Ramsey are going to make a great duo.- Talisa's death was disgusting. Robbs' and Cats' both perfect. Michelle Fairley should at least get a nomination for her performance.Also, Jon ditching the Wildlings was a great moment for the sole reason that I'm bored of that storyline. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I almost felt Roose was flirting with Cat. It made a sick kind of sense---they're the same generation, grew up high born together, have probably been at weddings together many times before. I've seen middle aged folk flirt like that, innocently---YET SO NOT in this case.  The ultimate mindfuck.
1768	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-03	Ehee...the Cat slap. It was made of win.
1769	QueenJeyneApproximately	2013-06-03	-Grey Worm being a boss fighting with the spear. Such elegant dance!
This episode made me realize Grey Worm is kinda hot. How did I not see it before?
1770	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-03	I enjoyed Arya and Sandor snapping at each other like the unsocialized feral beings that they are.  I really like that Arya is smart and brave and trying so very hard to be an adult... but she's a kid.  She doesn't remotely comprehend Sandor's motivations.  She doesn't have a good sense of her limitations.  She's not amazing at everything, but she's also not just a useless screaming moppet.  I like that Daario's speech patterns are sorta similar to Jaquen's; its a neat way of talking and it builds a little world.  I'm glad we're done speculating about Talisa.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ygritte's look of disbelief that Jon abandoned her, right after she risked her neck again for him, was incredible.  She put it all on the line for him and he rode off on a horse to warn his people without looking back.  I'm grateful that fans on this site pointed out to me the meaning of the "Jaime / Lannisters send their regards" was that Catelyn's release of Jaime made the RW possible.  I hadn't previously understood why, of all the things Bolton could have chosen to say, he picked that one.  Evil B$%@*#$.Jaime told Roose to give Robb his regards when he left Harranhall, on screen and in the books.  Roose was just relaying the message.  I loved Cat bitch slapping him and him not even blinking.  How much I love to hate that monster!
1771	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-03	But... she doesn't fancy him. The "relationship" such as it is is emphasised a lot less in the TV show than the book, so I couldn't state for certain whether they will go in a slightly different direction in the show, but I would assume that they will stick with the basic outline that Jorah loves Daenarys, but she doesn't reciprocate. I really, really don't want to see them get together, because there's been no indication that Daenerys is actually attracted to Jorah, despite the fact that she does care for him as a friend and advisor. One sided relationships, not so fun. Hence my enjoyment of this scene, I guess...I loved it!  Especially when Daario called him on his suspicions. Foreshadowing?
1772	Isildur's Mane	2013-06-03	I really, really like this episode (I didn't love it - but I'll put all that somewhere else after I finish work)
But right now - my happy thoughts:
I loved Roose Bolton and Walder Frey (not in I think they are awesome and my favourite characters, kind of way.), I thought they were really well acted. It made me hate them but then, I want to see more of them. I think they are fascinating to watch (and read about). (Actually I think I like TV Walder better atm. )
I really liked Bran and Rickons goodbye - I still think it makes more sense to split them up earlier though. But in saying that, I have began to see why Luwin said to send them to Jon. In the show Jon is a lot older and could possibly look after them or find somewhere safe to send them (Luwin's thinking), though Luwin obviously didn't know that Jon wasn't at the wall.
I think I almost prefer this goodbye. The boy that plays Rickon did a very good job at it.
I like Arya and the Hound leading up to the Twins. I thought the Hound was starting to get more agreesive to her, like in the books. But my favourite part was his fascial reaction after she hit the guy over the head. Wicked /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I liked that there was a bit more of Cat
I liked Jon's scenes (though I wish he got shot in the leg). I kept yelling (really quietly because everyone was asleep - I know doesn't make sense) to 'shot him god damn it'
Anyway, apologies if this doesn't make sense - I'm heading out the door.
1773	Head of The Ned	2013-06-04	I loved how they delayed Daario's entrance to bring Dany the banner of Yunkai.
He is such a douche he was probably just waiting a few extra seconds for Dany to notice him not being there with Jorah and Grey Worm, make mention of it then enter in all his glory fall to his knees and make her heart melt. Perfectly done. Also as many have said, Ian Glenn's facial expression from joy to defeat.
1774	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-04	I loved how they delayed Daario's entrance to bring Dany the banner of Yunkai.He is such a douche he was probably just waiting a few extra seconds for Dany to notice him not being there with Jorah and Grey Worm, make mention of it then enter in all his glory fall to his knees and make her heart melt. Perfectly done. Also as many have said, Ian Glenn's facial expression from joy to defeat.So sad. https://fbcdn-sphoto...660483731_n.jpg /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1775	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	So sad. https://fbcdn-sphoto...660483731_n.jpg /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHATV Jorah is too nice to have an angry "are you fucking kidding me?" look.
1776	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	the little things i liked were
- the roose scene with catelyn earlier (when they talked about how he wasnt drinking, and about his wife, it was great foreshadowing, and providing some cool info from the books, edmure and roslin's marriage scene was good, also bits at and just before the actual massacre and during it, the rains of castamere playing, the bit with roose's chain mail, the bit with the hound at the gates, grey wind's eyes shutting, and catelyn's bit at the end (great acting by Michelle Fairley)
1777	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	There were so many good things that it's hard to even nitpick positively.
The bread and salt ritual was a very nice nod.
Roose talking about his choice of wife was also nice.
The Rains of Castamere is so beautiful and chilling at the same time.
	Spoiler I liked how Catelyn seemed to just die emotionally before she was killed, which sort of foreshadowed Lady Stoneheart for me when she stood there without expression.
1778	Overlord of Skagos	2013-06-04	besides the amazing RW and other obviously awesome scenes.. there were some small but really good things that made me smile
	Spoiler 
1. Wendel Manderly!! Finally...now we can all expect Wyman, north's most awesome fat guy's "The North Remembers" scene. 
2.Hodor. people can laugh all they want about how simple his role is BUT his reactions and expressions were exactly as i imagined from the books as is the                                          
character himself  
3. Orell's expression when he looks at the tower. You can clearly see that he sensed the presence of someone like him(though probably not able to understand its another warg)
4. The expressions on the musician's faces as they are playing in RW..especially when the play "the bear and maiden fair" during bedding etc...i had to laugh(cruel i knw) We knw they gonna let loose some arrows all over the place and so did they...they were almost grinning and trying hard to cover their expressions as they played...knowing whats coming
5. Cat begging Robb to walk away...thats when the tears got flowing for me.."Please.....Please...".  I prefer this ending to Cat.The book version would have been too much over-acting on screen(like dario's beard /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
6. Jorah's face when Dany asks for Daario. Ultimate heartbreak captured in single expression.
7.Most likely, its Robb looking at Arya through Grey Wind in that split second they have eye contact.
8. I think the Hound can sniff out(Pun intended) a faceless man if he ever encounters one(assuming grave digger=hound). ("You can hide behind that mask" or something..foreshadowing?)
9. I think Blackfish might have had a kind of 'history' with the frey girls..he looks like he regrets doing something when those frey girls eye fuck him /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1779	Stag Country	2013-06-04	Actually I enjoyed that there was actual sword fighting for once.  That fight in Yunkai was the best on the show thus far.  Better even than Ned vs. Jaime.The Red Wedding really was perfect.  I didn't think it would hurt nearly as much as it did....but here I am almost a day later and I can't think straight.Anyone else think that Bran being called out as an exception Warg has some kind of portency to book Bran taking over a Dragon?Also forgot to add:"You were right the whole time." Once again nice to see Jon growing a pair and sticking it (literally) to Orell.
1780	Nictarion	2013-06-04	I won't bother mentioning the main stuff because it's already been said.But I was super excited for Grey Worm absolutely owning ass with the spear and shield combo.  Wow, so cool!I thought that was badass as well.
1781	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	Jorah being poetry in motion with his fighting style and the heart-breaking look in his eyes when he saw Dany.
1782	mafalda	2013-06-04	-Grey Worm being a boss fighting with the spear. Such elegant dance!This episode made me realize Grey Worm is kinda hot. How did I not see it before?This.I understand that people have their own opinions, but I have ran across quite a few posts criticizing his fighting. WHAT! He fights exactly as how I imagined an Unsullied would.. it was very elegant yet brutal. Hard to explain. Everyone else was just kind of flailing about, whereas GW's actually had method behind it, and it was choreographed wonderfully!
1783	Maizel	2013-06-04	I liked Grey Worm.  Sure,  on a proper field battle,  there probably wouldn't be much room for twirling spear tricks in the strategy of a spear wall. t I can totally understand individual unsullied having mad skills with the spear.  
VV spoilers-Beware VV
	Spoiler 
Best thing of the episode was that Talisha died. I hated that character. Oona's acting wasn't bad at all,  I probably couldn't get over the fact that they just could've put a Westerling in.  Also,  the first few episodes where she appears probably ruined her for me for all times.
Hear death was brutal though and awesomely well done. 

					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 04 June 2013 - 08:53 AM.
1784	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	I loved all of the Bran scenes and cried because it was so touching when he and Rickon had to say goodbye.  I loved how tender Osha was toward Rickon in comforting him and giving him courage and how she told Jojen and Meera to take care of 'the little lord' because he meant the world to her.  And I loved how Meera and Jojen got to see the tender part of Osha, too.
I thought it was cute how Gilly called Sam a Wizard even before someone reminded me that Sam had said how he wanted to be a wizard when he was a little boy.  
I loved the wedding ceremony itself and the look on Edmure's face when he saw Roslyn, and how she was so sweet and innocent.  It made me remember in the book that 
	Spoiler  she was crying during the bedding ceremony, not because of the bedding, but because she knew that Edmure's family was about to be killed. 
  And I loved how they were feeding each other at the feast after the ceremony.
I loved that we at least got to see three of the direwolves again, and loved that Bran got to see Jon again, even if only through summer's eyes.  And I loved that Shaggy Dog and Summer saved Jon.  And I loved that Jon couldn't kill the old man - that that's when he knew he couldn't go any further with the wildlings and that the time had come for him to break away so he could get a warning to CB.
I loved that we got more of Arya and the Hound, and I loved how she took the stick and hit the man with the wagon again when he started to wake up to show the Hound how it should be done, that he didn't have to be killed in order for them to accomplish what they needed.
ETA:  And I really wanted to say how much I love this thread.  Sometimes it's so easy for me to find negative things about the show because of how it differs from the books and it's nice for me to find that once I start writing positives, lots and lots of them come to mind, too.
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 04 June 2013 - 09:03 AM.
1785	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-06-04	I really loved how Daario proclaimed he was "the greatest whistler in the world". Totally in-line with the character.
1786	the hound of sansa	2013-06-04	Catelyn telling Robb to stand up ang get out "Pleaseee"...
and later "Mother.."
i can cry just by remembering these lines
1787	silentwanderer	2013-06-04	"No more hodoring!"The line never gets old!I really loved how Daario proclaimed he was "the greatest whistler in the world". This line doesn't get old either.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 04 June 2013 - 10:24 AM.
1788	The Monkey	2013-06-04	Glad they showed Cat going out like a boss. The woman is fucking fierce, and it's past time the TV viewers learned that.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 04 June 2013 - 12:48 PM.
1789	Tadco26	2013-06-04	They did a good job making Walder Frey memorable after having all the Freys left out almost since we met them in season 1, and season 1 was barely passable as to his prickly nature.  I was curious is non-readers would even remember or care about them going in and the impact that would have on the RW.  But they did a great job with him.
1790	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-04	This episode was excellent and was sold so well by the cast.Such as:~ The look on Jorah's face when Dany asks for Daario. I think my heart broke with his.~ I loved getting to see Rickon and seeing him and Bran depart was much more devastating on screen than in the books. I think it's made worse by the specific episode that this happens in with the different Stark relatives each getting so close to one another only to miss out on reuniting. ~ Bran warging Hodor and Jojen saying "No one does that."~ The look on Ygritte's face when Jon made off. ~ Every single thing that Maisie Williams did, especially her look of longing and fear when she was getting close to the Twins~ The chill that went up my spine when I saw the Twins on the opening credits~ GREY WORM - I love him! That actor has a small role, but he is so phenomenal in all the small moments he is given. More Grey Worm please!!!!!I think I should just say Everything!~ I don't think there's anything about the Red Wedding that I didn't appreciate.  From Lord Frey's smirk when Robb saw Roslyn. The introduction of his daughters, I actually enjoyed Robb & Talisa this episode - their chemistry was spot on. I even got a little choked up at her wanting to name the baby Eddard. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  ~ Roose Bolton's role and his douchey comments about his wife. The doors being shut and the ROC being played. Catelyn slapping Roose!~ Michelle Fairley = Perfection, absolute perfection
1791	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-04	Also, the guy who sold me my car this week would totally look like a Frey if he had one of those little hats. I couldn't trust him at all and had my guard up the whole time I was at the dealership. /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' /> /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' /> /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> He looked like Lame Lothar.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 04 June 2013 - 02:35 PM.
1792	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	All the Starks were gold in this episode, even Talisa Maegyr-Stark, she gets postumous props for naming little Ned /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Summer & Shaggydog in action!Can't get enough of Arya & the Hound (good thing there's more to come)Daario, Jorah & Grey Worm bringing some awesomeness on the Yunkish (super-fun, if not terribly realistic)Sam actually knowing where he's going & having learned something useful. Nice change. (Couldn't Aemon give him his chain? Does a Maester have to go to Oldtown, or can a maester make a maester?)
1793	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	I liked Edmure's face after the bread and salt. He was like trying to get the taste of the salt off lol.
1794	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Also, the guy who sold me my car this week would totally look like a Frey if he had one of those little hats. I couldn't trust him at all and had my guard up the whole time I was at the dealership. /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' /> /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' /> /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> He looked like Lame Lothar.Oops, I thought you said he was wearing a Frey hat lol.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 05:21 PM.
1795	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Everything. What a great fcking episode.
1796	Frey Pie	2013-06-04	Whatever is to be said about the episode (which i thought was very good, but not without a few needless faults), Jeyne and Robbs talk about lil Ned and teaching him to ride was absolutely heartbreaking. One of the times the writers added in content which really added to the episode and series. Now they've killed Ned twice, and i can honestly say that i felt the same sense of sickness seeing my favorite character die on screen in this way as i did when i read the booksThis exchange for me heightened the Robb/Talisa relationship to a new level, and made up for the lack of Bolton axemen. I never cared for Talisa at all until this episode, where i think she came into her own.
	Spoiler  And now her, Robb and Cat as we know her are gone.... 

					
					
							Edited by Frey Pie, 04 June 2013 - 05:58 PM.
1797	Ironborn Iditarod	2013-06-04	I thought the entire episode was one of the best of the series thus far.  The RW worked for me, I knew it was coming and was quite moved by it nonetheless.  A few small items I loved from the episode:
- Roose's look after Catelyn gets done saying how Ned forbade the bedding ritual and didn't want to break a man's jaw on his wedding night.  Roose's look seemed to say "I can't wait for you to be gone so I don't have to listen to Ned this and Ned that...."
- Walder Frey....he was portrayed brilliantly
- The entire mood when Bran wargs into Hodor...the lack of sound, the lighting, the stillness and then jojen's face when he realizes what Bran is capable of doing.
- Jorah's look when Dany asks for Daario.  poor Jorah
- Edmure being afraid to look at Roslin as Walder lifts her veil, expecting the worst.
- Jon's duck and thrust move to finish Orell.  Loved hearing him say he was right the whole time too
- Finally, Catelyn in general.  I think, as many others do, she was misused for most of the season but she shined in this episode.  Brilliant isn't a strong enough word for her performance IMO
1798	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	Robb's look that just said "Fuck this" after Oona was murdered.
1799	Redmjh	2013-06-04	- Everything scene with Ser Jorah was awesome. Ian Glen is an incredible actor and so so good with that sword. He's just so graceful /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
- Rose Leslie's perfect reaction shot to Jon abandoning Ygritte
- Jon Snow finally had a line that made him cool instead of a sullen baby
- the decision to split Bran and Rickon at Queenscrown is great. It gave us a small chance to get to know him since I'm sure they will visit his story line at least a few times next season. And him having a storyline in general will give us book readers something to look forward too. I'm sure it will be just traveling but he and Osha have good chemistry.
.
1800	lannistergold	2013-06-04	- Direwolves!- Hearing Rickon speak for the first time this season.- "Hodor, no more Hodoring".- Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm as three-man army.- Everything about Walder Frey. He's the biggest slimeball ever.- Roose's smirk just before the shit hits the fan. First time we've seen him look happy.- Catelyn's "oh crap" look as that song starts playing.- Come right down to it, everything about that last scene was done perfectly.
1801	lannistergold	2013-06-04	Oh, and last but not least: Arya being a badass, even more so than usual.
1802	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Now that I watched it yet again...I like how they had Grey Wind killed. Since he's a part of Robb, it's fitting that he died a trapped beast killed by cowards who couldn't face him when they killed him (metaphorically, I know Roose faces him physically but Robb's unarmed and injured).
I know that people really wanted to see him taking down 1 or 2 Freys and some random hounds, but what does that actually change or accomplish? Seems more fitting that he would be killed in a trap by cowards like Robb was.
Flip it around and imagine George wrote Grey Wind dying in that manner but the show has him taking out a Frey or two before being killed. Half the people on here would call D&D obtuse for not "getting" the symbolism or writing in gratuitous violence.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 09:57 PM.
1803	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	Michelle Fairley and David Bradley were just top notch in this episode. God, Bradley is just born to play Walder Frey, and Fairley absolutely tore me apart when Cat begged Robb to leave.
1804	LionsPride vs WolfPack	2013-06-05	Hey, new to the forums, but a constant reader
The red wedding was amazing and blew me away
but to point out another scene besides the red wedding, the scene with Jon and Orell was great. I absolutely loved when Jon said "you were right the whole time"  Something about the way it was delivered was just awesome,
1805	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-05	Hey, new to the forums, but a constant readerThe red wedding was amazing and blew me awaybut to point out another scene besides the red wedding, the scene with Jon and Orell was great. I absolutely loved when Jon said "you were right the whole time"  Something about the way it was delivered was just awesome,It's because I don't think we've ever seen that much life out of Jon Snow. He put all his hate for him and irritation into that gloating remark. It's kind of funny how it mirrors what Roose did to Robb. Stick em in the belly and give em final words to let them know you betrayed them all along.
1806	Kenyatta	2013-06-05	I loved this:
"This is the closest you've been to your family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy's neck."
"Someday, I'm going to put a sword through your eye, and out the back of your skull."
She didn't scream the words, which would have made them sound empty. She looked him dead in the eye and calmly said it as a matter of fact. Damn.
Sandor stops chewing and the look he gives her is like "This crazy bitch is for real!"
I love Arya.
1807	Oort	2013-06-05	First post. This episode compelled me to.As an unsullied I was totally shocked, I didn't recognize the music played, but the gloom gave me the chills. When Talisa was talking about little Ned Stark I got misty eyed and something told me it wouldn't go well, still when they stabbed her in the belly, I actually yelled: "o nooooh!" After that the killing of Grey Wind made my gf turn away from the tv and we said to eachother that Arya just can't get a break.
1808	silentwanderer	2013-06-05	Oh, and last but not least: Arya being a badass, even more so than usual.I loved Arya reading The Hound as well as he reads her.She wasn't afraid to tell him she knew his story, despite Litteginger especifically said no one would protect her from Sandor should he know that was the case (season 1).And she told him, not unlike Brienne told Jaime, that his fear of fire made him look like a little girl.
1809	Ser Hippie	2013-06-05	I loved the Hound's terrible bluffing/persuading skills.
After the Frey guard tells him they can't come in because the feast is over, there's the awkward pause and he goes "We've got pigs' feet too."
1810	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-05	Hearing Rickon speak. It actually made me care more about him and pay more attention to his character.
1811	Jameson Snow	2013-06-05	Of course Fairley was incredible, but I actually really enjoyed Richard Madden in his last moments. When he holds Talisas head as she's dying and just has that sorrowful stare. For me, it was Robb coming to complete understanding of why this happened. Like, he finally realized what a grave mistake it was breaking his oath, and not only does he pay for it, but he's condemned his wife, his unborn child, his mother, and his men to the same fate.
 When he says his final word: "Mother..." I lost it. I interpreted it as him trying to say "You were right. I crossed the wrong man. I am so sorry for what I've caused"
 I was really sad the first time through. But after watching the scene like 5 more times, I'm just in awe of the brilliant acting and execution of such a pivotal event. 10/10, best episode of the series.
1812	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-05	When he says his final word: "Mother..." I lost it. I interpreted it as him trying to say "You were right. I crossed the wrong man. I am so sorry for what I've caused"Agreed, powerfully yet so quietly spoken by Madden. To me it was like a terribly sick child calling out for his mother. Utterly heartbreaking.
1813	go joff go	2013-06-05	It's because I don't think we've ever seen that much life out of Jon Snow. He put all his hate for him and irritation into that gloating remark. It's kind of funny how it mirrors what Roose did to Robb. Stick em in the belly and give em final words to let them know you betrayed them all along.I was actually thinking about this today the interesting dichotomy of in the same episode Jon being the betrayer, but getting no flak b/c he is one of the good guys for team stark, while Walder/Roose getting no such sympathy for doing the same thing.  Thats part of the moral ambiguity that I love about the show.
1814	lostinasia	2013-06-05	I was actually thinking about this today the interesting dichotomy of in the same episode Jon being the betrayer, but getting no flak b/c he is one of the good guys for team stark, while Walder/Roose getting no such sympathy for doing the same thing.  Thats part of the moral ambiguity that I love about the show.Yup. It's a very interesting dynamic: note that, to a certain extent, both Tywin/Roose/Frey and Dany defeat their enemy through trickery in this episode. We cheer for the Khaleesi. Frey, not so much.
1815	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	Minor note: I love how Tormund reacted, protecting Ygritte, keeping her in the group. A snap decision that showed good leadership when he could have played the hardass and killed her. 
Just overall warming up to Show Tormund. I think if they had kept his characterization too close to the books, he would have come off like a clown.
1816	silentwanderer	2013-06-05	...I love how Tormund reacted, protecting Ygritte, keeping her in the group....Me too, Tormund was The Hound for Ygritte's inner Arya.
1817	Slingingstones	2013-06-06	New song: "The Hound and the maiden fair."
ep8 Arya with the tempting rock-skull squash, and the Hound talking her out of it.
ep9 Arya knocking out the pig-vender, and the Hound's wondering look.  Wondering if that little girl could've cleaned his clock. Immeasurable.
1818	Jehane	2013-06-06	There are so many things to like about this episode, I hardly know where to begin. So I stick with just one: Michelle Fairley's acting. Awesome, breathtaking. She's the only reason why I started to like Cat in season 1 and didn't want to see her die in season 3.
1819	'96Buck	2013-06-06	I was actually thinking about this today the interesting dichotomy of in the same episode Jon being the betrayer, but getting no flak b/c he is one of the good guys for team stark, while Walder/Roose getting no such sympathy for doing the same thing.  Thats part of the moral ambiguity that I love about the show.hmm, IS Jon a betrayer?  He took no oath to Mance, but his actions are consistent with his orders from Halfhand and his oath to the Night's Watch.  Dying pointlessly in the North doesn't "shield the realms". Conversely, Walder, though he did have a legitimate greivance, has accepted the apology and consummated the agreement between he and Robb to put the issue to rest, negating the greivance.  Yes, that's just part of the trick.  But he's sworn to Riverrun, which is sworn to the King in the North (which is itself a betrayal of sorts to King Stannis and to Queen Daenyrs), so Robb is his Lord.  Beyond that, he's also betraying the law of hospitality, which everyone in Westeros sees as quite horrifying.
1820	TheDarkEye	2013-06-06	Robb and Catelyn played so well!
Robb looked like the shocked 16 years old boy he is in the books and it was perfectly done. So terribly sad.
Catelyn - when she heard the Rains of Castamere and when she found out about Roose's chainmail her reaction was priceless.
1821	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-06	Jon is not a traitor but he looks like it to the eyes of the wildlings. At least Ygritte...
1822	nirolo	2013-06-06	Speaking of Ygritte, how great was Rose Leslie's face in that final shot of her.
1823	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	Jon is not a traitor but he looks like it to the eyes of the wildlings. At least Ygritte...Well he promises never to betray her, and he does. But then again if you've previously sworn never to betray a cause and as a result ended up swearing not to betray someone else to avoid betraying that initial cause, is it still a betrayal? Also another thing I noticed - how awesome was it when Rickon told Old Nan's tale of wildlings drinking blood from skulls? And then Osha's look after I literally lol'd. And Bran's reciting of Maester Luwin's lessons about the gift was nice.
1824	Teardrops	2013-06-08	It's almost a week now and even if I liked everything in this episode (  except Dany's scenes )  these are the images that stuck with me:-  Robb looking at Talisa's hand weakly moving on her belly and crawling toward her. Heartbreaking.-  Robb's expression while looking at Talisa dying and his silence interrupted only by that sad and tired Mother and the way he stood up and kept his eyes on Cat ignoring everything else until the end. ( I loved Richard Madden's acting )- Cat's desperate pleas and her wail of anguish at Robb's death before going catatonic. The last scene and...oh well.. pratically every scene with her. ( Michelle Fairley deserves an Emmy. Perfection. )- Grey Wind closing his eyes.
1825	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-09	Well he promises never to betray her, and he does. But then again if you've previously sworn never to betray a cause and as a result ended up swearing not to betray someone else to avoid betraying that initial cause, is it still a betrayal?I hope they address Jon's betrayal of Ygritte somehow. Perhaps we need to be reminded as an audience of Qorin Halfhand's bit about how a man of the Night's Watch serves the realm and personal honour doesn't matter.
1826	Queen Elsa	2013-06-09	I would like to praise Michelle's acting especially her silent moment before the end.
Jorah's jealousy of hunky Daario and look of shock when khaleesi 
	Spoiler asked, "...and Daario Naharis?"

The three men army beating the so many army appearing left and right.
I was glad to see more of our sweet lad Rickon. And finally, 
	Spoiler he has some lines!

The Hound and Arya talking about killing.
Talisa and Robb's tragic love story ---> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Walder Frey is such a wicked, wicked man. Well played and acted by that actor whose name I can't recall.
Ygritte's wide-eyed and brokenhearted.
1827	Aussie Rob	2013-06-09	Minor note: I love how Tormund reacted, protecting Ygritte, keeping her in the group. A snap decision that showed good leadership when he could have played the hardass and killed her.Just overall warming up to Show Tormund. I think if they had kept his characterization too close to the books, he would have come off like a clown.I agree with this; I noticed that moment, too.
1828	SerJeremiahLouistark	2013-06-10	My only complaint was the lack of Smalljon and Mormount.
1829	FanDany	2013-06-11	The wedding reception took guts!
I couldn't believe what Jon did. My heart was broken! I thought he'd at least take her with him. I meant they had that tongue thing going.
					
					
							Edited by FanDany, 11 June 2013 - 08:24 AM.
1830	Stag Country	2013-06-17	Also, the guy who sold me my car this week would totally look like a Frey if he had one of those little hats. I couldn't trust him at all and had my guard up the whole time I was at the dealership. /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' /> /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' /> /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> He looked like Lame Lothar.Yet you bought the car anyway?  Collaborator!
1831	A Son of Blue Hills	2013-06-18	Very good episode, I think for most it was the Wedding that did it for me, particularly how brutal it was, and how no one got away safely. I did like Catelyn's expression when she knew everything was over, and she had lost everyone she loved. Great episode, I also loved the finale episode as well.
"There's a beast in every man, and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand." - Sir Jorah Mormont
1832	Lady Grimshaw	2013-12-30	-Anything that Roose says or does
-Edmure's face when he sees Roslin's face (Awwww)
-The Rains of Castamere
-Arya and the knife
1833	direwolves_and_dragons	2014-08-03	On re-watching this episode again, I found a ridiculously close attention to detail which is rare since season 1 finished and the story has grown so much. 
At around 38:50 you can actually see Manderly's son, slightly over-weight, long-hair and bearded, with a white Merman brooch! I think overall that since season 1, s3 has been by far the best adaptation-wise, with a couple of exceptions
1834	denissenco	2014-08-12	I like everything
1835	Winterfell Resident	2014-01-20	I don't know if it is me, but in this episode when Catelyn Stark realizes the treason that is about to becommitted by Roose Bolton, she gave him such a slap in the face that just the sound of it caused me to feel it.

The way in which Michelle Fairley brought her hand from the table and the way she put her body into the slap sent a chill up my spine.

I don't think there was another character who received that kind of blow, Ever.

I believe the hate Catelyn Stark felt for Roose Bolton at that moment was believable when she gave Roose that slap.

Do you agree? Reply and tell me whether you agree or disagree.

					
					
							Edited by Winterfell Resident, 23 January 2014 - 04:26 PM.
1836	Valyrian Perfect	2014-06-22	I think that she was suspecting something in the beggining. Then the 'Rains of Castamere' began playing and you could see on her face that she was worried.
Also she didn't underatand why Rooae didn't drink wine and found out the answer when she pulled up his sleeve to see that he was armored. 'Honor' is part of the Tully ideaology and she was hateful because the Boltons betrayed them and butchered the men without mercy.
1837	Cyvasse Khal	2014-02-24	To the people who have listened to the DVD commentary on season 3 episode 9 'Rains of Castamere' with Richard Maddern and Michelle Fairley. Was anyone else extremely moved by how emotional they both got after watching the Red Wedding scene? Michelle was weeping as she had not watched the episode and Richard was also struggling to talk by the end of the episode. I absolutely loved that they were affected by it, because it showed that they truly cared about the show and like Richard said became very attached to their characters.

As fans of the book series, all we really ask is that the actors bring the characters to life as true as they can and respect the character GRRM (and to a lesser extend D&D) has written for them and the story GRRM has created. I can't praise the casting choices and actors enough as it's easy to see they are all very much into it and love it themselves. So it's very warming to see two of the main cast so upset over the ending to their characters and an end to their time on the show (perhaps not Michelle..we'll see what they do with that).
1838	Cyvasse Khal	2014-02-26	Side Note: A little disappointed there was no Peter Dinklage, Liam Cunningham or Stark kids commentary for this season as I found those the most entertaining to listen to in the previous two seasons, but I understand it's hard to get them in and do it if they are working and have a tight schedule, so I'm grateful for the actors, writers, and directors that do participate and have done in the past. Would love a Conleth Hill and Peter Dinklage commentary together next season.
1839	ladydewinter	2014-02-26	One of the disc has arya,sansa,and bran doing commentary.
					
					
							Edited by ladydewinter, 26 February 2014 - 09:55 AM.
1840	Cyvasse Khal	2014-02-26	One of the disc has arya,sansa,and bran doing commentary.


Thank you  must have overlooked that after watching Kit & Rose's commentary of that same episode.
1841	Lady Grimshaw	2014-03-07	I wish we could've gotten Michael McElhatton's point of view on this episode.
1842	Cyvasse Khal	2014-03-07	I wish we could've gotten Michael McElhatton's point of view on this episode.


I think he did a few little snippets in the Making of Rains of Castamere DVD extra, but yeah she should have been given the opportunity to talk throughout a whole episode. He did the voice over of the History of House Bolton (which was awesome) so it seems he had the time. He should have been given Ep10 so he can talk about the fallout of Ep9, would have been more interesting than Iwan and Iain saying nothing while Emilia tries in vain to keep the conversation going.
1843	Anarchosaurus Rex	2014-03-07	Really looking forward to listening to this commentary. I'm sure it'll join the all-time greats, up there with GRRM on "Blackwater" and NCW/Fairley.
1844	StormRhage	2014-03-11	I thought I was done crying about RW..and then I heard that BUMMER...tears again, it was great they were both crying... 

					
					
							Edited by StormRhage, 11 March 2014 - 11:45 PM.
1845	courtjezteruk	2014-03-21	Completely agree, it was nice to see the passion they had for the characters they played. Unlike some commentaries where the actors talk about their characters so dispassionately or you get trite conversation such "such and such is such a wonderful actor in this scene" with no emotional connection or real feeling.
1846	MoseStark*	2014-03-21	I don't know which I found more heartbreaking, the Red Wedding on itself or Michelle and Richards reaction on the Red Wedding...
It was really heartbreaking to see how heartbroken they were...
1847	King Tyrion I	2014-03-27	I haven't seen that yet, but you guys made me curious. I always liked Michelle and Richard. They both acted their parts superbly. Especially in this episode.
1848	StormRhage	2014-03-27	It was so emotional, I thought I was done being sad about the RW.
1849	Dolorous Gabe	2014-06-06	I don't know which I found more heartbreaking, the Red Wedding on itself or Michelle and Richards reaction on the Red Wedding...
It was really heartbreaking to see how heartbroken they were...



It's great that the commentary gives us Michelle's reaction to seeing it for the very first time. Both of them did a great job on the show but I thought Michelle particularly was incredible throughout.
1850	Rhaquentis	2014-06-06	It was very moving, but I think it was a wrong move to have David Nutter commenting on the episode as well.
1851	Steve Stark	2014-06-07	Yeah I listened to Michelle's commentary on my BluRays as well, and I couldn't believe that she hadn't watched it yet. I guess it would be strange to watch yourself in something, but I always imagined that if I was in something I'd want to watch it immediately to see the final product, to see how well I did.

It was great to see her initial reaction. Good stuff. My wife probably just shakes her head every time I spend the money on the Blu Rays, but to me it's worth it.
1852	Widow's B Wailin'	2014-06-08	Yea I watched it too. Got the DVDs as soon as it was out and I was soo sad how emotional Michelle & Richard got. Michelle was crying and everything! Thinking about again even makes me a lil sad. But again like most of you have said its really nice to see how much they've cared and put into these characters over the years, they've done a fantastic job of bringing them to life.
1853	The Fourth Head	2014-06-11	yes it was an amazing addition. The commentary was so incredibly sad and moving- as powerful as the event itself in it's own way.

I loved Michelle's commentary in season 2 with NCW- absolutely hilarious! "MY SON!"
1854	King Tyrion I	2014-06-14	yes it was an amazing addition. The commentary was so incredibly sad and moving- as powerful as the event itself in it's own way.

I loved Michelle's commentary in season 2 with NCW- absolutely hilarious! "MY SON!"



 And I hope we get Lena Headey and Jack Gleeson for the PW. That would be really great. And fitting.

Which episode are you referring to?
1855	espec22	2013-06-02	My family doesn't talk to me now.  They are all in shock and can't understand why i was smiling all the time. My brother thinks that we are goping to jump 5 or more years to see Bran or Rickon get revenge.
My Answer.
Winter is coming.
.........................................................................
1856	Blaer Dayle	2013-06-02	My brother thinks that we are goping to jump 5 or more years to see Bran or Rickon get revenge.Slightly ironic considering that was George's original plan for AFFC until he realised all the flashbacks that would be involved...
1857	Broken Fox	2013-06-02	My girlfriend wants to murder GRRM.
1858	Autopath	2013-06-02	Direct Quote from a gaming forum where there is an Off-Topic thread I created about Game of Thrones:
"Jesus f-ing christ. I just saw the latest episode(Season 3 Episode 9).
So many emotions right now. Tempted to just drop the show right now. My main reason for watching the show is gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Unbelievable.
Well, Arya is my favorite character so I may continue.
I hate the author of GoT right now so f-ing much.
20mins after and I'm still in shock. Holy f***."
Another friend texted me.  "Wow." 
I'll have to wait until tomorrow to see what my sister and bro in law say. Today is his birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY. lol
					
					
							Edited by Autopath, 02 June 2013 - 10:15 PM.
1859	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	My mum knew it was coming the moment Walder Frey said "let the wine flow!" Shes a sharp one, she is. Dad was also leery of the Wedding situation but he was more "O_O" when it happened and afterwards. 
Ill find out what others thought by tomorrow. Ohohoho!
1860	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	most of them are about to give up.
1861	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-02	Watched it with two non-readers, including my wife.  She's usually full of comments, but this was just a stunned silence, sitting and neither moving nor speaking (an exceedingly rare event), while the credits rolled.
1862	AndAllThingsWillEnd	2013-06-02	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0KpAOLmRVishttps://www.youtube....h?v=nTPVM7r4Mzg
These are my girlfriend and her sisters...
1863	KevAtUSC	2013-06-02	Wife sat with both hands over he mouth for the rest of the show after arrows started flying
1864	espec22	2013-06-02	My brother come to the hou and he is very pissed. He thinks Tyrion is going to be killed next because ony the bad guys win here.
I just love my unsullied family.
1865	Battle Kitten	2013-06-02	You can read the HBO talk forum for unsullied reactions.  Some are pretty funny and some "speculation" such as "Joffrey will die in the next episode to throw us a bone" Is kind of right.
1866	KingInTheNorth32	2013-06-02	my girlfriend cried her eyes out. especially over grey wind
1867	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-06-02	My boyfriend knew because he said it felt like the build up in a horror movie, especially after Walder told everyone to drink. My friend said she knew as soon as the mentioned naming the baby Ned. Once they saw the chainmail they were like "oh shit!"
1868	Jerol	2013-06-02	I just warned my wife "it's going to be bad." "Worse than the other stuff?" "Oh yeah."  This was a few days ago and the warning lost its impact. 
Deity invoked, "not the wolf, no, not the wolf", more religious references, "why do we even watch this fucking show" more profanity. She went to bed and assumed a fetal position.
1869	Xanderpanda	2013-06-02	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTears
1870	The Pain Yak	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsI'm wondering how many of those people loudly announcing that they're done with GoT FOREVER are going to be the equivalent of the people who threw the book across the room only to pick it up again and keep reading later.
1871	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsHahahahaha that's awesomealso sweet avatar
1872	Aquaman	2013-06-03	Direct Quote from a gaming forum where there is an Off-Topic thread I created about Game of Thrones:"Jesus f-ing christ. I just saw the latest episode(Season 3 Episode 9).So many emotions right now. Tempted to just drop the show right now. My main reason for watching the show is gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Unbelievable.Well, Arya is my favorite character so I may continue.I hate the author of GoT right now so f-ing much.20mins after and I'm still in shock. Holy f***."Another friend texted me.  "Wow."I'll have to wait until tomorrow to see what my sister and bro in law say. Today is his birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY. lolTo be frank, this series (book and tv) is just like life: -There's the "good." -There's the "bad." -There's the "really bad." -There's the "shit, that's fucking bad." -There's the "no more faith in humanity." You'll experience all of them in this series, but just like life, you have to have hope and believe that it'll all end well.Keep on with the series. You'll enjoy it.
1873	Sephiroth	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsAwesome! I love how they butcher names. Damn you Walter Frey :-p
1874	shavedquaithe	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsLOL. So into all the angry tweets demanding that "Geoffrey" die as payback.
1875	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	To be frank, this series (book and tv) is just like life:-There's the "good."-There's the "bad."-There's the "really bad."-There's the "shit, that's fucking bad."-There's the "no more faith in humanity."You'll experience all of them in this series, but just like life, you have to have hope and believe that it'll all end well.Keep on with the series. You'll enjoy it.If you think this is going to have a happy ending then you haven't been paying attention - Ramsay Basically sums up the show. It's a hell of a ride and even though I knew it was coming it was so different SEEING it happen, the closest thing I can think of that made me feel like this (on TV) was when a certain someone died at the end of season 4 of Dexter.... just this... emptiness
1876	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	Unsullied friend of mine just sent me a text:
Him: You said you like that Bolton guy, right?
Me: Yeah.
Him: YOU. ARE. [EXPLETIVE]. DEAD.
I don't think he's best pleased.
1877	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	My wife cried as soon as Talisa got stabbed, even more when Greywind died, started swearing when Robb died. Said she hates GRRM, doesn't want to watch the show anymore...
1 hour later she asked me to show her the preview for next weeks episode. lol
1878	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	my girlfriend cried her eyes out. especially over grey wind More tears for an animal than for people?Not saying I am surprised.
1879	Chunk88	2013-06-03	More tears for an animal than for people?Not saying I am surprised.Eh, Greywind got me too and I knew it was coming. I would have killed to watch this episode with some unsullied.
1880	Lady Martell	2013-06-03	Well I saw these comments  from the HBO forum and I wanted to share them with everyone on here:
"I haven't read the books...and I 'm trying to think back on the last happy moment i can remember on the show, and I believe it was in episode 1.  I'm so sad, so bummed and SO MAD that I got hooked into a series that I love so much, that has NOTHING GOOD happening. ever.  I think I"m actually done with Game of Thrones....!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!! "
"the rest of Robs army is unemployed and hoping for obamacare "
"Well.  I sure hope this comment makes it to the writers.  Games of Thrones was my favorite show.  After today's episode, I will never watch it again.  OK writers.... Get a clue..  You cannot kill the good guys.  I'm sorry I even have to say this.  People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail..   They don't get killed.   The last two episodes have been a disappointment but today's episode really took the cake. Really.... Again you writers really suck..".    
"this show has no honor, the family with all the honor is the one getting killed i am not watching it anymore. i dont like show were the bad guys win all the time "
"where do i send my therapy bill HBO??!!?? "
"Boy the Starks are definitely cursed...who wrote the book again?! I curse you...lol. I am gonna need therapy after this episode. WTF! "
"Okay, WTF was that all about???!!!!  Wht was up with killing Rob, his wife and mother??!!!  And nobody had tried 2 kill that old bastard yet!!!  Wht is going on???????!!!!!!! "
"How come Rob stark is not calling in an air strike on little King Joffrey....oh wait you killed him and his mother and gutted his pregnant wife. F you George Martin. This guy proably microwves cats in his spare time"
"Ah well I guess im team Targaryen now.  So long beloved Starks, so sad. "
"the only good family in the show and they kill them off. who want to watch a show of back stabber and traiter "
"Thank you God... Thank you that I did not read GRRM'S books, suffered over 1500 pages of this RIDICULOUS story to read what I just finished watching...What CRAP we suffered through this season to get to what. Any family w/honor or love of his fellow man is killed off and only leaves human garbage to rule one day. Please don't write "wait and see there's Bran & Rickon or maybe Tyrion & Sansa will go to Winterfell and rebel". DON'T CARE ANYMORE........... HEY HBO, I LITERALLY GOT UP AND CANCELLED ALL SERVICES AFTER THIS CRAP.... At least until this show is gone... GRRM IS NO J.R.R. Tolkien. Nice try but your story is slow,depressing,and obvious once you get to see this author for what he is. Let's all watch the Tyrells,Lannisters,and the whiny dragon girl fight it out. Oh yeah don't forget the most interesting men of all Lil' Finger & Stannis (Yawn,Yawn,Yawn)...Robert & Renley Baratheon, Ned & Catalyn Stark, Along w/the united Stark family all gone to watch what...All remaining hateful characters to slug it out for the throne...NO THANKS plenty of other shows to watch. I'll remember this as a 2 season and out show. I bet they are lucky to get 1 more season contracted and CANCELLED. I think i will buy the set of books tomorrow just to watch them burn in my backyard fire pit.. "
1881	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	People are idiots to hold it against HBO. Seriously, after what I've heard about from the other stuff they offer, this sends them over the edge?
" People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail.."
False. I watch shows because I want to be entertained. 
God I hope this episode weeds out the small minded people who can't pay attention to something for more than 5 minutes if nothing is blowing up or there isn't a chase or someone isn't getting stabbed....
1882	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-03	"Thank you God... Thank you that I did not read GRRM'S books, suffered over 1500 pages of this RIDICULOUS story to read what I just finished watching...What CRAP we suffered through this season to get to what. Any family w/honor or love of his fellow man is killed off and only leaves human garbage to rule one day. Please don't write "wait and see there's Bran & Rickon or maybe Tyrion & Sansa will go to Winterfell and rebel". DON'T CARE ANYMORE........... HEY HBO, I LITERALLY GOT UP AND CANCELLED ALL SERVICES AFTER THIS CRAP.... At least until this show is gone... GRRM IS NO J.R.R. Tolkien. Nice try but your story is slow,depressing,and obvious once you get to see this author for what he is. Let's all watch the Tyrells,Lannisters,and the whiny dragon girl fight it out. Oh yeah don't forget the most interesting men of all Lil' Finger & Stannis (Yawn,Yawn,Yawn)...Robert & Renley Baratheon, Ned & Catalyn Stark, Along w/the united Stark family all gone to watch what...All remaining hateful characters to slug it out for the throne...NO THANKS plenty of other shows to watch. I'll remember this as a 2 season and out show. I bet they are lucky to get 1 more season contracted and CANCELLED. I think i will buy the set of books tomorrow just to watch them burn in my backyard fire pit.. "What is air?
					
					
							Edited by Mav Of The Canals, 03 June 2013 - 12:57 AM.
1883	Chunk88	2013-06-03	"How come Rob stark is not calling in an air strike on little King Joffrey....oh wait you killed him and his mother and gutted his pregnant wife. F you George Martin. This guy proably microwves cats in his spare time" Omg this one haha
1884	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	"I haven't read the books...and I 'm trying to think back on the last happy moment i can remember on the show, and I believe it was in episode 1.  I'm so sad, so bummed and SO MAD that I got hooked into a series that I love so much, that has NOTHING GOOD happening. ever.  I think I"m actually done with Game of Thrones....!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!! ""Well.  I sure hope this comment makes it to the writers.  Games of Thrones was my favorite show.  After today's episode, I will never watch it again.  OK writers.... Get a clue..  You cannot kill the good guys.  I'm sorry I even have to say this.  People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail..   They don't get killed.   The last two episodes have been a disappointment but today's episode really took the cake. Really.... Again you writers really suck..".	"Thank you God... Thank you that I did not read GRRM'S books, suffered over 1500 pages of this RIDICULOUS story to read what I just finished watching...What CRAP we suffered through this season to get to what. Any family w/honor or love of his fellow man is killed off and only leaves human garbage to rule one day. Please don't write "wait and see there's Bran & Rickon or maybe Tyrion & Sansa will go to Winterfell and rebel". DON'T CARE ANYMORE........... HEY HBO, I LITERALLY GOT UP AND CANCELLED ALL SERVICES AFTER THIS CRAP.... At least until this show is gone... GRRM IS NO J.R.R. Tolkien. Nice try but your story is slow,depressing,and obvious once you get to see this author for what he is. Let's all watch the Tyrells,Lannisters,and the whiny dragon girl fight it out. Oh yeah don't forget the most interesting men of all Lil' Finger & Stannis (Yawn,Yawn,Yawn)...Robert & Renley Baratheon, Ned & Catalyn Stark, Along w/the united Stark family all gone to watch what...All remaining hateful characters to slug it out for the throne...NO THANKS plenty of other shows to watch. I'll remember this as a 2 season and out show. I bet they are lucky to get 1 more season contracted and CANCELLED. I think i will buy the set of books tomorrow just to watch them burn in my backyard fire pit.. "http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100318024248/southpark/images/e/e9/ScottTenormanMustDie30.gif
1885	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	"I haven't read the books...and I 'm trying to think back on the last happy moment i can remember on the show, and I believe it was in episode 1.  I'm so sad, so bummed and SO MAD that I got hooked into a series that I love so much, that has NOTHING GOOD happening. ever.  I think I"m actually done with Game of Thrones....!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!!"Thank you God... Thank you that I did not read GRRM'S books, suffered over 1500 pages of this RIDICULOUS story to read what I just finished watching...What CRAP we suffered through this season to get to what. Any family w/honor or love of his fellow man is killed off and only leaves human garbage to rule one day. Please don't write "wait and see there's Bran & Rickon or maybe Tyrion & Sansa will go to Winterfell and rebel". DON'T CARE ANYMORE........... HEY HBO, I LITERALLY GOT UP AND CANCELLED ALL SERVICES AFTER THIS CRAP.... At least until this show is gone... GRRM IS NO J.R.R. Tolkien. Nice try but your story is slow,depressing,and obvious once you get to see this author for what he is. Let's all watch the Tyrells,Lannisters,and the whiny dragon girl fight it out. Oh yeah don't forget the most interesting men of all Lil' Finger & Stannis (Yawn,Yawn,Yawn)...Robert & Renley Baratheon, Ned & Catalyn Stark, Along w/the united Stark family all gone to watch what...All remaining hateful characters to slug it out for the throne...NO THANKS plenty of other shows to watch. I'll remember this as a 2 season and out show. I bet they are lucky to get 1 more season contracted and CANCELLED. I think i will buy the set of books tomorrow just to watch them burn in my backyard fire pit.. "The sheer nuclear levels of butthurt is so amazing. Seems like people some hate to receive a dose of reality in their fantasy show.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 03 June 2013 - 01:02 AM.
1886	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	"How come Rob stark is not calling in an air strike on little King Joffrey....oh wait you killed him and his mother and gutted his pregnant wife. F you George Martin. This guy proably microwves cats in his spare time"Omg this one hahaheh
1887	OrcusOfUndeath	2013-06-03	Oh man, you can almost cut all the butthurt on the HBO forums with a knife!
They all bitch and moan, but they'll be back.
And I love how they complain about how graphic was the scene. They don't know the half of it.
1888	Ser Rodrigo Belmonte	2013-06-03	I don't get it, breaking bad has bad guy winning all the time.. No one complains about that??
					
					
							Edited by Ser Rodrigo Belmonte, 03 June 2013 - 01:15 AM.
1889	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	I can understand the despair and distaste the non-readers have after this episode.
It is fine dramatically to have bad things happen to good (as far as anyone is in THIS story) people, but there are very few good things that happen in the story from here on. Most of those are vengeance, which isn't exactly cheering.
That wears a lot of people down, after a while.
1890	ohpooratlas	2013-06-03	The unsullied reactions everywhere are glorious.  It's actually helping me to cope myself.  And I bet for every person who says "I'm canceling my subscription" two more people are subscribing to the network just because of all the media attention it's generating.
1891	Alys Karstark	2013-06-03	From my non-reader friend: "So, George Martin likes to kill our favorite characters? All Hail King Joffrey!"
1892	Gonzalo	2013-06-03	My non-read dad was shocked: "they killed everybody... sh*t!"
he wondered if the Blackfish was part of the plot though
1893	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	From my non-reader friend: "So, George Martin likes to kill our favorite characters? All Hail King Joffrey!"Let's see GRRM kill off Arya, Tyrion, or Dany. Then, I would be impressed.
1894	balefired-ed	2013-06-03	I don't get it, breaking bad has bad guy winning all the time.. No one complains about that??Villain protagonist. It's why people rooted for Vic Mackey too.
1895	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	I don't get it, breaking bad has bad guy winning all the time.. No one complains about that??Aren't we rooting for the bad guy in that though? (Never seen, all I know is the poster character is involved in the Meth business)
1896	ansatsusha80	2013-06-03	A couple of female friends messaged me on facebook saying they're going to stop watching the show,after watching Talisa's death......
1897	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	I fully believe the people claiming they will stop watching will actually stop watching. In my experience, people who watch tv or film adaptations but not the source material care more about emotions than the plot. And this is an event that has huuuge bearings on the plot.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 03 June 2013 - 01:34 AM.
1898	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	A couple of female friends messaged me on facebook saying they're going to stop watching the show,after watching Talisa's death......A lot of people here are probably cheering her death.Not me, though. I liked her.At least now, we will have an end to the 'Talisa as spy' theories.
1899	Mr Smith	2013-06-03	Watching Game of Thrones: time cost of one hour.
Watching Game of Thrones instead of studying: marks cost of 10%
Watching the rest of the world freak out because you're a book reader and know what's coming: priceless.
1900	ansatsusha80	2013-06-03	Watching Game of Thrones: time cost of one hour.Watching Game of Thrones instead of studying: marks cost of 10%Watching the rest of the world freak out because you're a book reader and know what's coming: priceless.hahahahahahahahahaha
1901	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	I watched it tonight, and I get to watch it again with my Unsullied girlfriend tomorrow.......I've made little comments like "later episodes in this season are gonna be amazing" or after last episode "the next one is gonna be the best episode so far".
She will need much comforting. Although she's a sharp one, so she will pick up on something being wrong.
1902	The Pain Yak	2013-06-03	Aren't we rooting for the bad guy in that though? (Never seen, all I know is the poster character is involved in the Meth business)The conceit is that we start out rooting for him and yet, over the course of the series, he becomes such an irredeemable monster that by the end rooting for him is nearly impossible. They make this transition subtle in various clever ways, allowing him various reasonable 'excuses' for his more cold-blooded actions or making his victims unlikable, but by the end season there is no mistake as to what Walter White is. In other words, he starts out an anti-villain we are asked to invest our sympathy in and ends up about as detestable a villain as you can find. I suppose that's slightly different from seemingly giving victory to a Joffrey or Walder Frey, who are wholly detestable from word go.
1903	cade	2013-06-03	https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearslol classic picture of GRRM.Mrs. @eab2940 <U+0080><U+008F>@selfishlady   5h I have given birth twice to 8 & 9 pound babies. Watching Robb Stark die hurt more than both times combined.
1904	Belisarius09	2013-06-03	My mom knew as soon as she heard the music.
"Thats the Lannister song?!?!?! Its a TRAP!!!!!"
My dad said he didn't want to watch the show anymore afterwards because they keep killing off "the good guys."
My mom said she will stop watching the show if Arya dies.
1905	Wethers	2013-06-03	"This is so much crap!! I'm sick an tired of the Starks getting killed!! The entire family is almost gone ! No Mama Stark no Papa Stark! Big Bro Robb is gone! Now Sansa, Arya, Bran and Reckon are orphans!! Great! Jon still doesn't know who his mommy is! I am utterly disgusted!! Even Tony Stark got his house blown up! Why are the Starks targeted!!"I laughed out loud at the Tony Stark part...Which is good (being able to laugh) because even knowing what was coming, I was gutted watching the RW unfold like an avalanche.
1906	Tirilei	2013-06-03	Well, I knew Robb and the others would get killed because of this website, so that didn't bother me too much, although I would have preferred to keep having Robb in the story. But the plot was disappointing to me, in part because Arya didn't at least meet up with her mother and brother. If the story had allowed that to happen, at least briefly, it would have been better in my mind. The same goes for Jon not seeing Bran and Rickon, that's just silly. Especially since he sees their wolves come to his aid, he should know that they are nearby.
I think I'm done watching this show, it's just too unsatisfying and disappointing. Glad I never read the books. I just don't get how a man who lives in the sunny Southwest, among the stunning colors of New Mexico, in an incomparable place like Santa Fe, writes such a dark plot. There is nothing but darkness in that storyline, every little bit of hope is always in vain, nothing but dirt and blood and sex. Have some good chili and fry bread and look at that sky above you, Mr. Martin, before you write your next books.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 03 June 2013 - 02:25 AM.
1907	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-06-03	Partied with some unsullied tonight. My boyfriend saw it coming. The otherstuff though, bran and all was interesting. A few of his questions about the gift and the nightfort were totally answered. He liked the inclusion of the twins and dragonstone in the credits. Definitely said the ending was shocking but he felt it coming. didnt help that we all were like... the theme for the evening is RED. LET THE WINE RUN RED! omg
The others were pretty much jaw dropped and speechless.
1908	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-06-03	Well, I knew Robb and the others would get killed because of this website, so that didn't bother me too much, although I would have preferred to keep having Robb in the story. But the plot was disappointing to me, in part because Arya didn't at least meet up with her mother and brother. If the story had allowed that to happen, at least briefly, it would have been better in my mind. The same goes for Jon not seeing Bran and Rickon, that's just silly. Especially since he sees their wolves come to his aid, he should know that they are nearby.I think I'm done watching this show, it's just too unsatisfying and disappointing. Glad I never read the books. I just don't get how a man who lives in the sunny Southwest, among the stunning colors of New Mexico, in an incomparable place like Santa Fe, writes such a dark plot. There is nothing but darkness in that storyline, every little bit of hope is always in vain, nothing but dirt and blood and sex. Have some good chili and fry bread and look at that sky above you, Mr. Martin, before you write your next books. its based on reality thats why. He takes history and modern politics and combines it into a fantasy.If you look around you, it's far worse. people are dying everyday because the evil people rule the land. And the best of people end up dead. i.e. you say chili and fry bread? that'll kill you
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 03 June 2013 - 02:30 AM.
1909	koddas	2013-06-03	Watched it with two guy friends and one of their girlfriends.
One guy friend was stunned, kept saying "that was fucked" over and over again. He's Unsullied, but making his way through book 2 at the moment, so he's definitely interested in seeing what happens from here onwards.
The girlfriend was devastated, and was sobbing by the end of it. She said she was particularly affected by Grey Wind's death (she's training to become a vet), but managed to calm down after a bit. Then I decided to point out to her just how close Arya came to reuniting with her family, and she looked at me, wailed "I DIDN'T EVEN THINK OF THAT" and started getting emotional again hahaha. 
The other guy (her bf) was gobsmacked and said he couldn't feel his legs throughout the whole scene. I left for a bit to get some food and when I came back he was on the couch in fetal position staring at the wall (his exact words afterward were, "I wasn't even this upset when Dumbledore died").
I'd have to say overall there's a feeling of uncertainty, particularly among the latter two. They can't imagine where the story might go from here, as to them it was largely a Starks vs. Lannister story. I tried to convince them that there's still plenty more to come and I'm sure they'll come around, they just need a couple of days to get over it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
As for myself, loved every moment of it! Definitely different to how I imagined it but I found it an extremely powerful scene despite knowing what was about to unfold
1910	ObsidianEdge	2013-06-03	I had to rewatch the old "THEY KILLED MY N-BOMB NED!!!" rant for old times sake.  I haven't had more fun on the social medias since I don't know when...  Well done!
1911	Thor Odinson	2013-06-03	"This is so much crap!! I'm sick an tired of the Starks getting killed!! The entire family is almost gone ! No Mama Stark no Papa Stark! Big Bro Robb is gone! Now Sansa, Arya, Bran and Reckon are orphans!! Great! Jon still doesn't know who his mommy is! I am utterly disgusted!! Even Tony Stark got his house blown up! Why are the Starks targeted!!"I laughed out loud at the Tony Stark part...Which is good (being able to laugh) because even knowing what was coming, I was gutted watching the RW unfold like an avalanche.Yeah, they really are hitting all the Starks pretty hard.http://i916.photobuc...nson/Starks.jpg
1912	Conchobar	2013-06-03	Well, I knew Robb and the others would get killed because of this website, so that didn't bother me too much, although I would have preferred to keep having Robb in the story. But the plot was disappointing to me, in part because Arya didn't at least meet up with her mother and brother. If the story had allowed that to happen, at least briefly, it would have been better in my mind. The same goes for Jon not seeing Bran and Rickon, that's just silly. Especially since he sees their wolves come to his aid, he should know that they are nearby.I think I'm done watching this show, it's just too unsatisfying and disappointing. Glad I never read the books. I just don't get how a man who lives in the sunny Southwest, among the stunning colors of New Mexico, in an incomparable place like Santa Fe, writes such a dark plot. There is nothing but darkness in that storyline, every little bit of hope is always in vain, nothing but dirt and blood and sex. Have some good chili and fry bread and look at that sky above you, Mr. Martin, before you write your next books.You should have been more careful on here if you didn't read the books.
1913	Tirilei	2013-06-03	its based on reality thats why. He takes history and modern politics and combines it into a fantasy.If you look around you, it's far worse. people are dying everyday because the evil people rule the land. And the best of people end up dead. i.e. you say chili and fry bread? that'll kill youNaah. Maybe if you have it everyday and get fat and diabetic from the lard. Lol.Combining history and politics into fantasy doesn't imply hopelessness unless you have a tendency for depression or just a negative outlook on life. That's not entertaining, and fantasy needs to entertain. When viewers shut off the tv with an "Aww, crap!" fantasy has failed.
1914	Tirilei	2013-06-03	You should have been more careful on here if you didn't read the books.Why? I came precisely for that reason, to read up a bit on what was coming. I seek out "spoilers" to some degree. That's how I prefer to watch shows. Why not?
1915	Timett sonof Timett is God	2013-06-03	they say they'll be gone but Joffrey will bring them back
1916	greywindsrage	2013-06-03	Watching Game of Thrones: time cost of one hour.Watching Game of Thrones instead of studying: marks cost of 10%Watching the rest of the world freak out because you're a book reader and know what's coming: priceless. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1917	Thor Odinson	2013-06-03	Combining history and politics into fantasy doesn't imply hopelessness unless you have a tendency for depression or just a negative outlook on life.Err... just because it doesn't imply it doesn't mean that employing it is a sign of depression or holding a negative outlook on life. History and politics are full of cases where there is no happy ending. Even when you get to the quintessential fantasy stories, King Arthur's wife cheats on him with his best friend, he has a bastard son by way of his half-sister who kills him and who he kills in turn, and his kingdom is reduced to ruin. The Chronicles of Narnia ends with the destruction of Narnia and the deaths of the Pevensie children. Even Harry Potter killed off Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Dumbledore. Writing about bad things happening isn't an indication of having a tendency for depression or a negative outlook on life. It's a recognition of the fact that, yes, bad things happen to good people all the time. And that's particularly true if you're basing your work on real historical events. Not only that, it shows a basic understanding of story structure, that it always has to be darkest before the dawn. We're in the first half of the story. If the good guys win it all now then where does the story go in the second half?
					
					
							Edited by Thor Odinson, 03 June 2013 - 03:00 AM.
1918	The Ghost of Winter	2013-06-03	My mother: "HOW DARE YOU TELL ME THIS WAS THE BEST EPISODE EVER!!!! IT WAS TERRIBLE AND SAD! I HATE YOU FOR THIS, WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?! NEXT TIME DON'T SAY ANYTHING!!!!!" 
My boyfriend: "Please tell me some Lannisters die soon." He also said: "who the hell do I root for now?" 
My boyfriend's friend said: "This episode has convinced me that GoT is better than Breaking Bad." 
My dad: "This wasn't sad at all. I'm not depressed like everyone else."
					
					
							Edited by The Ghost of Winter, 03 June 2013 - 03:03 AM.
1919	Ondskapsmannen	2013-06-03	Why? I came precisely for that reason, to read up a bit on what was coming. I seek out "spoilers" to some degree. That's how I prefer to watch shows. Why not? I have some friends who have not read the books, and one of them also wants me to tell him everything that is going to happen, so yeah, no problem with it.Honestly I don't see why knowing stuff in advance is called a spoiler. It won't spoil anything, you will just know more going in.
1920	The hairy bear	2013-06-03	My mom knew as soon as she heard the music."Thats the Lannister song?!?!?! Its a TRAP!!!!!"Is it wrong if I now imagine your mother like a walking amphibian with huge eyes?
1921	Tirilei	2013-06-03	I have some friends who have not read the books, and one of them also wants me to tell him everything that is going to happen, so yeah, no problem with it.Honestly I don't see why knowing stuff in advance is called a spoiler. It won't spoil anything, you will just know more going in.Exactly.  Like you wouldn't go to the theater without looking up a summary of a play first if you don't care to read the entire original work.
1922	Rhoynar	2013-06-03	"How come Rob stark is not calling in an air strike on little King Joffrey....oh wait you killed him and his mother and gutted his pregnant wife. F you George Martin. This guy proably microwves cats in his spare time" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1923	Mendoza	2013-06-03	My brother asked me "Was 'the guy' who got married murdered as well?" I had to explain to him who Edmure Tully is and his relationship to Cat and Robb and I did spoil him about Edmure living because he likes him a lot despite not really getting who he is.
1924	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Exactly.  Like you wouldn't go to the theater without looking up a summary of a play first if you don't care to read the entire original work.It's about respect more than anything. Some people like to be shocked and surprised.
1925	Damon_Tor	2013-06-03	Imagine next week when Ygritte dies.  Best Buy is going to be selling new TVs left and right to replace all the smashed screens.
1926	xmissgolightly	2013-06-03	'watching the red wedding with unsullied' - http://i.imgur.com/c9X6n.gif
1927	teemo	2013-06-03	I taped my friend.  Quite humorous, because earlier in the season she begged me to tell me if Robb Stark died and threatened to google him if I didn't tell her.  So I said he did but not for a really long time so she wouldn't see anything coming.  Yeah, she almost killed me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  I think she'll keep watching, but I don't know.  She was seriously done after she thought Bran and Rickon died to the point where I actually had to tell her they weren't dead so she'd keep watching. lol. http://youtu.be/GH6mEvhTEt0
1928	KoishNoish	2013-06-03	When the door shut my mum was like "Why's Cat so worried they've just closed the door?" and then the music started and her face went from confused to horrified. She doesn't have a clue what's going to happen now and has put all her hopes on Dany now that Robb's dead.
1929	espec22	2013-06-03	Can someone please post some review of the Unsullied.  They are so hilariopus but i am having problems finding them
1930	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	This might be a better question for the TWOP thread on this board, but what do non-readers think/assume happened to Blackfish, Edmure and his bride since their deaths were not shown onscreen?
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 05:58 AM.
1931	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	This might be a better question for the TWOP thread on this board, but what do non-readers think/assume happened to Blackfish, Edmure and his bride since their deaths were not shown onscreen?My friend thought Edmure was dead, until I confirmed he wasnt. I was browsing the /tv/ section on 4chan, and people were theorizing on the Blackfish and Edmure's possible deaths,
1932	Mendoza	2013-06-03	This might be a better question for the TWOP thread on this board, but what do non-readers think/assume happened to Blackfish, Edmure and his bride since their deaths were not shown onscreen?I did see suggestions on one board, forgot where, that perhaps Blackfish was in on it because he left to piss and its his attempt to take his family home from Edmure.
1933	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	I did see suggestions on one board, forgot where, that perhaps Blackfish was in on it because he left to piss and its his attempt to take his family home from Edmure.That's great, I love it!Doesn't make a whole lot of sense, though, because even in the show Blackfish loves his niece Cat and is protective of his king as well.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 06:34 AM.
1934	The Lady Lannister	2013-06-03	Well, I knew Robb and the others would get killed because of this website, so that didn't bother me too much, although I would have preferred to keep having Robb in the story. But the plot was disappointing to me, in part because Arya didn't at least meet up with her mother and brother. If the story had allowed that to happen, at least briefly, it would have been better in my mind. The same goes for Jon not seeing Bran and Rickon, that's just silly. Especially since he sees their wolves come to his aid, he should know that they are nearby.I think I'm done watching this show, it's just too unsatisfying and disappointing. Glad I never read the books. I just don't get how a man who lives in the sunny Southwest, among the stunning colors of New Mexico, in an incomparable place like Santa Fe, writes such a dark plot. There is nothing but darkness in that storyline, every little bit of hope is always in vain, nothing but dirt and blood and sex. Have some good chili and fry bread and look at that sky above you, Mr. Martin, before you write your next books.I do not recommend you read or watch the Red Riding series by David Peace then. That was the most depressing story I have ever read so far (apart from The Road, but that was not about history).
1935	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Heh, my friend wanted to know what happened to Robb's army. I told him that he would find out next week. I didn't have the heart to tell him that Robb's army gets massacred and the Stark cause is well and truly dead.
1936	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	I'm actually impressed there's not more Unsullied saying "It's not the end! They could 'Beric' Robb!"
1937	The Unborn	2013-06-03	After the episode my girlriend was mumbling (while crying) : I don't understand... this is stupid ! Why did they kill them ?!
1938	mafalda	2013-06-03	My bf and his friends were pissssseddd! Esp, my bf. He claims that he will not watch the show again, but he tends to do that after every ep that he doesn't correctly predict. He will be watching it with me next Sunday.
They were all so mad! Not necessarily that Robb and Cat specifically died, but because all the good characters kept dying, and the bad characters were all prevailing. I had to tell them that will change pretty soon, and that put them at ease for the moment.
I understand though, reading it I was thinking "Ok, I do not want to read a book about how great the villains are doing and how all the good people keep dying."... then the PW happened. Then RIP Tywin happened. I felt a lot better.
1939	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	I have some friends who have not read the books, and one of them also wants me to tell him everything that is going to happen, so yeah, no problem with it.Honestly I don't see why knowing stuff in advance is called a spoiler. It won't spoil anything, you will just know more going in.Most people don't like spoilers, some do.  I do.  I hadn't read the books when the show started but I went on line and read the synopsis for all the books because I wanted to know what happened.  It's the same reason I read the sample winds of winter chapters when they come out.  Not everyone likes surprises.  I've also been know to read the end of books to find out if a favorite character dies or not so I can be prepared early.
1940	songbirdsings	2013-06-03	I watched it with my unsullied husband, but he already had made comments last episode, that something was going to be up with those "bridge" guys. It didn't take him long into the episode to figure out that something bad was going to happen to Robb.  He's not a big Stark fan, he rather enjoyed Walder Frey being a dick the whole time and wasn't very upset about the Red Wedding.
He was pretty happy that The Hound wasn't harmed though.
					
					
							Edited by songbirdsings, 03 June 2013 - 07:21 AM.
1941	mafalda	2013-06-03	Most people don't like spoilers, some do.  I do.  I hadn't read the books when the show started but I went on line and read the synopsis for all the books because I wanted to know what happened.  It's the same reason I read the sample winds of winter chapters when they come out.  Not everyone likes surprises.  I've also been know to read the end of books to find out if a favorite character dies or not so I can be prepared early.I hate spoilers. I still have not read the samples for book 6 yet, because I feel like it will be such a tease! To get just a taste of it, when I don't know when I will be able to actually eat the whole thing (lol). It's also the reason why I hate all of this obvious foreshadowing (especially on Arya) for books 6&7 that DD do on the show.
1942	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-03	My husband was watching the beginning of the show and made the initial comment that this episode is slow and nothing is happening. Afterward, he took back those words.  He sat for an hour after the episode saying over and over again, "There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope." He now hates the Lannisters passionately and said he doesn't care that they tried to make us feel sorry for Jaime or that he saved people from the Mad King - all of the Lannisters are horrible and deserve to die. His only shred of hope is that Dany will come with her dragon and burn them all. 
Some of his other  thoughts were: Arya is going crazy, there's nobody left in the North, they're all dead there's nothing they can do. He's mad at Robb, he should have never married that girl or cut off that old man's head. The Starks are the family that are in your heart and then all he does is devastate them. GRRM must be crazy or bipolar to write something like that. I think he also had dreams about it and he was still repeating "There's no hope." this morning.
My Dad is devastated - he liked Robb. My mom is a Catelyn fan so she can't understand how she can't be in the show anymore because she is so important to the storyline and one of the strongest characters. My Dad is hoping that Arya will come back and kill all of the Freys, especially Walder Frey.
Their comments on non Red Wedding stuff were that they are starting to like the Hound and think he's really a good guy. They don't like or trust Daario. They are worried about what happened between Jon and Ygritte. They are now very clued into Bran's powers and believe he will have an impact to the future story.
My Dad has correctly guessed that Sam and Bran will meet up.
1943	Leto	2013-06-03	Naah. Maybe if you have it everyday and get fat and diabetic from the lard. Lol.Combining history and politics into fantasy doesn't imply hopelessness unless you have a tendency for depression or just a negative outlook on life. That's not entertaining, and fantasy needs to entertain. When viewers shut off the tv with an "Aww, crap!" fantasy has failed.If fantasy had failed at this moment, then A feast for crows and A dance with dragons would have been massive failures. They weren't. If noone reacts to happy or sad moments, then fantasy has failed. In this case it's a massive success, both in the books and in the show.
1944	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-03	I'm actually impressed there's not more Unsullied saying "It's not the end! They could 'Beric' Robb!"See, that is why it is a terrible dramatic error to have ressurection in fiction.No one is TRULY dead, so it greatly lessens the impact. Authours use it to cheat the readers - just as GRRM will do.
1945	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	See, that is why it is a terrible dramatic error to have ressurection in fiction.No one is TRULY dead, so it greatly lessens the impact. Authours use it to cheat the readers - just as GRRM will do.Honestly? Don't really care if it gives me characters like Dondarrion.
1946	Versiroth	2013-06-03	WOW at the reaction!   Haha, this is something that book readers have known about for over 10 years!   I remember GRRM making a comment about how crazy it was that people were asking him after season 1 how he could kill off Ned Stark.   GRRM made some comment about how that happened back in 1996!  I'm sure he'll be answering similar questions for the foreseeable future in regards to Robb and Cat.
1947	Zorpack	2013-06-03	OMG did you see the "Boycott GOT because of the killing a pregnant woman" HAHA if any of those unsullied knew the death wish some of us have for Talisa. AHAH
1948	SlackBladder	2013-06-03	Watching Game of Thrones: time cost of one hour.Watching Game of Thrones instead of studying: marks cost of 10%Watching the rest of the world freak out because you're a book reader and know what's coming: priceless.Haha, this is exactly me. Watched it the day before an exam but it was such an exhilarating episode I was in a good mood for studying after /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />See, that is why it is a terrible dramatic error to have ressurection in fiction.No one is TRULY dead, so it greatly lessens the impact. Authours use it to cheat the readers - just as GRRM will do.In this series there is always a cost though, Beric became totally disillusioned with life after being brought so many times. And seeing Catelyn revived as a remorseless undead thing isn't exactly a happy outcome.
					
					
							Edited by SlackBladder, 03 June 2013 - 08:46 AM.
1949	shiola	2013-06-03	My lovely unsullied brother, whose predictions and insights have really kept my interest in the series alive and growing, reacted worse than I thought to Cat's death.
As some of you might know from other threads, he was convinced "The Red Wedding" was the royal wedding.  He provided tons of examples of foreshadowing and was really excited for it.  Cat is his favorite character, and he thought if anyone is safe this season it's her.
We watched the episode around 11 last night.  Once it ended at 12 he told me to leave his room because he needed time.  I got a lot of angry, confused, and pained messages from him as he worked through everything.  
He did not sleep last night (I got messages from him up until 6 when he normally gets up to go to school), and informed me this morning that he's done with the series.
1950	Blaer Dayle	2013-06-03	You'll experience all of them in this series, but just like life, you have to have hope and believe that it'll all end well.[img]http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/38367377.jpg[/img]
1951	shiola	2013-06-03	'watching the red wedding with unsullied' - http://i.imgur.com/c9X6n.gifOH MY GOD A SURVIVOR GIF.
1952	flinn	2013-06-03	Most people don't like spoilers, some do.  I do.  I hadn't read the books when the show started but I went on line and read the synopsis for all the books because I wanted to know what happened.  It's the same reason I read the sample winds of winter chapters when they come out.  Not everyone likes surprises.  I've also been know to read the end of books to find out if a favorite character dies or not so I can be prepared early. I freaking hate spoilers. I also have a friend who is a very petty and insecure person who cannot contain himself and blurts out spoilers.Somehow it makes him feel special to be able to tell people something he has already seen or read like he actually "predicts" what will happen even though he already knows.... Kind of funny last Saturday, my friends and myself were together, my friend stopped by. He told us he had gone to see Star Trek into Darkness.Right away he started trying to tell us what happened. Me and one other friend cut him off and told him DO NOT tell us what happens... His response..... "man, if someone else tells you before I get to, I am going to be pissed".... It literally ate him up the entire afternoon because we would not let him tell us what happened. Something is seriously wrong with him.
1953	shiola	2013-06-03	In this series there is always a cost though, Beric became totally disillusioned with life after being brought so many times. And seeing Catelyn revived as a remorseless undead thing isn't exactly a happy outcome.I'd argue the show really hasn't done much to show how Beric has become worse and worse each time.  He stated it, but he looks fine.  Seeing what Cat turns into without that kind of setup is really not cool.
1954	V Targaryen	2013-06-03	I have to admit first of all, this was the first episode I watched in its entirety.  I guess I'm an Unsullied to the show, even though I watched bits and pieces here and there.  I thought I would be bored until the wedding, but I was really hooked.
Secondly, my sister, who has not read the books or watched the show, has heard my brother and I talk about the series a lot.  She was really excited for this episode, mainly because of my excitement, and stayed over late at our dad's to watch.  Her reactions were cute!  She came home and asked me about the little boy-man (Bran) and what he did to Hodor.  And if the little boy-girl (Arya) meant Little Finger when she told Sandor she knew someone who could kill a man with his little finger. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
She also has grown to like Jon Snow!  It's amazing because from what we say about him, she thinks Jon is a total derp.
Best was the wedding itself though.  She recorded parts of it on her 3DS in case I couldn't watch it.  She has the whole last three minutes and while Robb was holding Talisa, you can hear her whisper "She got stabbed in the baby!"  Her reaction to Roose stabbing Robb cracked me up, I had to watch it again.  I told her of that happening and her reaction is a loud "TEE hee hee!"
1955	FlipFantastic	2013-06-03	Has this twitter feed been linked yet?  I'm sorry if it has, i didnt read the whole thread.https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsBut, if you want to see how people reacted, lol, click that!
1956	blindbraavosi	2013-06-03	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />ahahahahaahhahahahaahaahaahah
1957	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-03	How TV Game of Thrones fans felt last night vs. how book Game of Thrones fans felt last night. In one gif: i.imgur.com/c9X6n.gif
1958	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-03	trying link again: i.imgur.com/c9X6n.gif
					
					
							Edited by lyanna wolfgirl, 03 June 2013 - 11:19 AM.
1959	The Monkey	2013-06-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=D9yaY1gRQgQUnsullied reaction to the RW.
1960	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=D9yaY1gRQgQUnsullied reaction to the RW.Love the book reader smiling, Exactly what i was doing while my brother was freaking out
1961	franko99	2013-06-03	People are idiots to hold it against HBO. Seriously, after what I've heard about from the other stuff they offer, this sends them over the edge?" People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail.."False. I watch shows because I want to be entertained.God I hope this episode weeds out the small minded people who can't pay attention to something for more than 5 minutes if nothing is blowing up or there isn't a chase or someone isn't getting stabbed....The sheer nuclear levels of butthurt is so amazing. Seems like people some hate to receive a dose of reality in their fantasy show.Yes, is actually funny to see that those who think " People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail.." are the same who can't even remember his name. I still believe ep10 will break the raiting records again, but if it doesn't I won't complain if THOSE are the fans the show lose. Millions of people enjoy a good story, and many more will join before season 4 starts (I'm sure about that)
1962	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	My friend with whom i watched the episode was shell shocked when shit broke down, but then he surprised me by saying this is the greatest TV Show that he has ever seen, and told me that he hopes Daenerys comes and burns them all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But the truly depths of his shock became clearer when he went to his home and forgot his wallet and his phone at my place /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))
Now another unsullied of mine cracked me up when he said that he hopes that Theon's torturer will fuck them all up =))) i nearly spilled the beans there =)
1963	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	Yes, is actually funny to see that those who think " People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail.." are the same who can't even remember his name. I still believe ep10 will break the raiting records again, but if it doesn't I won't complain if THOSE are the fans the show lose. Millions of people enjoy a good story, and many more will join before season 4 starts (I'm sure about that)Well, how many readers would really continue if they honestly thought that the ending of the series would be a massive downer.  As much as we like the ups and downs along the way, I think most readers still hope that the end still has the "good guys" prevailing on some level.
1964	Lady Lea	2013-06-03	I'm laughing at comments like this (from the AV Club 'newbies' thread): "Yeah, fuck nihilistic "smart".  Fuck this shoooooooooow.  Anyone who displays trust, honor, or love die."I mean... the Red Wedding was based on real events. People are really just getting mad at real life here. But let's not kid ourselves: Robb did break Walder's trust and stomped on his honour (and House Frey's) to marry Talisa.
1965	Versiroth	2013-06-03	Well, how many readers would really continue if they honestly thought that the ending of the series would be a massive downer.  As much as we like the ups and downs along the way, I think most readers still hope that the end still has the "good guys" prevailing on some level.GRRM has said the ending will be bitter sweet.   So, I do think someone "good" will end up ruling, but getting there will likely see us losing some other well loved characters in the process.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 03 June 2013 - 11:50 AM.
1966	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-03	The moment that Frey closed the doors and the Rains started playing, my friend looked at me and asked: "What is happening?" I was so frightened and nervous at that point that the only thing I was able to say was a silent "I dunno". He agreed that that scene was way worse and more shocking than Ned's beheading, because three important characters were killed at a wedding, in addition he hated that they killed Grey Wind.
1967	hedgeknight001	2013-06-03	My wife was on to it when the dinner scene slightly dragged on -- she suspiciously asked "What's going on?"
Then she let out a gasp when Talisa was stabbed (frankly, I think I did as well).
She asked whether the some justice will be done, whether the Freys and Lannisters will "get theirs" at some point. I said, yes, but it will take next season and beyond for that.
As the credits rolled she picked up her iPad and began watching back episodes of Downton Abbey. 
I could read her thought: why watch a show where the villains triumph?
1968	Warhawk137	2013-06-03	People are idiots to hold it against HBO. Seriously, after what I've heard about from the other stuff they offer, this sends them over the edge?" People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail.."False. I watch shows because I want to be entertained.God I hope this episode weeds out the small minded people who can't pay attention to something for more than 5 minutes if nothing is blowing up or there isn't a chase or someone isn't getting stabbed....http://tvtropes.org/...YourHappyEndingI personally think there will be at least a relatively happy ending to the series - but it will be, and largely already has been, paid for dearly.
1969	TheDarkEye	2013-06-03	I will see the episode with my friends tommrow, i want to tell them some "fake" spoiler, something that Robb's son will be important for the story, only to see them cry louder...
1970	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-03	Now another unsullied of mine cracked me up when he said that he hopes that Theon's torturer will fuck them all up =))) i nearly spilled the beans there =)And I spilled mine when I read this. ahahahaha
	Spoiler Ramsay's reveal will be a huge trolling moment.

					
					
							Edited by raviept, 03 June 2013 - 12:24 PM.
1971	The Monkey	2013-06-03	Saw an Unsullied who thought that Robb would honour his vow and marry a Frey girl when he rose after they had killed Talisa.
1972	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Now another unsullied of mine cracked me up when he said that he hopes that Theon's torturer will fuck them all up =))) i nearly spilled the beans there =)That's really interesting and kind of understandable!Because, for all he knows, "Boy" is some kind of sadistic vigilante who torments people who betrayed the Starks.  Like some crazed Stark loyalist.  But if that were the case, why is Boy ONLY torturing Theon.  He should be torturing Lannisters too!Funny stuff.
1973	FlipFantastic	2013-06-03	I did not expect Talisa to be killed first... and so violently.  Kudos to that, it really shook me up as an avid reader and long time fan of this series.
I dont understand how anyone, specifically unsullied, can recognize the Rains of Catamere when it begun playing.  I remember Cersei giving Marg the rundown, a few episodes ago, of what the song meant while it played in the background, but thats a crazy good memory if people picked up on the song being played at the RW!  When the doors closed and the song began, as a reader, i assumed and knew what it meant, but i wouldnt have been able to identify it on the song alone.
1974	Hound's She-wolf	2013-06-03	After everything went down and the credits started rolling, my husband's face was priceless, the look of shock and disbelief. He asked, "What the fuck was that? Did that happen in the books?" And later he asked who he was suppose to root for now, Dany? I answered, yes, we are now pro-dragon and want her to burn most of Westeros,
1975	Underzaker	2013-06-03	youtube compliationhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tE100 best tweetshttp://io9.com/the-1...rones-511003444EnjoyEDIT: My fav tweets:Folks watching #gameofthrones who didn't read the books: remember when your really nerdy friend was super sad 13 years ago? This is why! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />If anyone needs me i'll be humming "rains of castamere" rocking back & forth in the fetal position for the foreseeable futureI have given birth twice to 8 & 9 pound babies. Watching Robb Stark die hurt more than both times combined.Ladies: if your man watches Game Of Thrones, tonight will be the only time he'll cuddle with you and mean it sincerely"I hate #GameofThrones, those Fries need to die," FRIES MOM?! FRIES?! She took the RW really hard guys. She took a few shots of rum.Why doesn't George R.R. Martin use twitter? Because he killed all 140 characters.Game of Thrones will really surprise people next year when in the ninth episodes they kill off actual viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 03 June 2013 - 04:28 PM.
1976	TheLoreSeeker	2013-06-03	"Well.  I sure hope this comment makes it to the writers.  Games of Thrones was my favorite show.  After today's episode, I will never watch it again.  OK writers.... Get a clue..  You cannot kill the good guys.  I'm sorry I even have to say this.  People watch shows because the good guys eventually prevail..   They don't get killed.   The last two episodes have been a disappointment but today's episode really took the cake. Really.... Again you writers really suck..".
I wonder if this guy knows that the show is based on a book. I mean... after 3 seasons you think they'd have all figured it out.
1977	The Killer Snark	2013-06-03	I don't know what my mother and stepfather expected, but they're both distraught at the moment. I sadistically phoned my Mum up earlier today to mislead her, telling her she'd really like the new episode because a lot of really good things happen in it to the decent characters in the books.
1978	Mya Stone	2013-06-03	What is air?Are you my son? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1979	BurningCandle	2013-06-03	What drives me nuts is, all those people screaming at the writers for the SHOW. People, it's based on books, this happens in the books, the nick name of the series is "Everyone You Like Dies", how could you not expect this? 
And LOL at everyone screaming they will cancel their HBO subs. Seriously, a show is so good it makes people cry actual tears for a character, and the reaction is to cancel subs? What the hell. How will they get to see the vengeance of the North if they don't keep watching?
Craziness.
1980	Vovin	2013-06-03	This show lured me into a dark abyss. From now on until eternity I shall stalk the web and feast upon your raw emotions. Let the Unsullied's despair and anguish be my nourishment. This episode shall be my eternal banquet and the unprepared my prey. Let me taste from your misery and bath in the glory of your shattered hopes.Reaction playlist:https://www.youtube....BrK9eMWVxpb4f7M
1981	Nick_Scryer	2013-06-03	Mother: Lots of "No" and "OMG's" and a stunned silence at the end.
Father: Watching with intent, horrified but impressed that a show would kill off main characters.
Brother: "Oh for fuck sake", watching intently and grunting "No". As soon as the credits hit he went out and got a beer and got drunk.
1982	Sad King Billy	2013-06-03	youtube compliationhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tEThere is something seriously wrong with me. I can't stop giggling at their dispair /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1983	ugashep	2013-06-03	I will see the episode with my friends tommrow, i want to tell them some "fake" spoiler, something that Robb's son will be important for the story, only to see them cry louder... That's fracking cruel man.
1984	ugashep	2013-06-03	My non-read dad was shocked: "they killed everybody... sh*t!"he wondered if the Blackfish was part of the plot though I wondered if some unsullied would suspect the Blackfish, I can't blame them for getting that impression, it was kind of Don Alberto the way he got up and left right before it all went down.
1985	ugashep	2013-06-03	he wondered if the Blackfish was part of the plot thoughI wondered myself whether some unsullied would think that, I can't say that I blame them for getting that impression, it was kind of Don Alberto the way Blackfish left right before it all went down.
1986	Catherine Storm	2013-06-03	Even as a reader, I was pretty suspicious about Talisa's involvement and thought she'd be a Lannister spy (even though duh Roose is the Lannister spy), so yeah, I felt pretty bad when she went down first /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1987	Dove	2013-06-03	This was the first part that got dead silence from everyone I watch with, not even any screams or "aww shit"s or anything. There was a brief surge of hope when Arya saw Grey Wind, they thought she was going to free him and raise some hell at the Freys. Then back to silence. For my lot, that's pretty extraordinary.
Aside from one jerk of a friend who was relieved that Cat's "finally dead so she can't make terrible decisions anymore" (hahaha you jackass) the reaction was universal shock and horror - also my roommate was crying, awww. (so was i whoops!!) She had predicted that Talisa would die tragically in childbirth after her pregnancy announcement, and I don't think the idea of Robb "losing" ever even crossed her mind.
					
					
							Edited by Hunt, 03 June 2013 - 08:36 PM.
1988	Ghosteline	2013-06-03	Theres something seriously wrong with me too. I just keep laughing at these. But I remember my own reaction when I read the books - threw it across the room and couldn't pick it up for days.
But my friends took it pretty well - they are actually more interested now to see what comes next.
1989	wolverine	2013-06-03	My brother come to the hou and he is very pissed. He thinks Tyrion is going to be killed next because ony the bad guys win here.I just love my unsullied family.Right, due to Tyrion's whitewashing he is probably seen as the BEST guy left on the show.
1990	Valonqar_	2013-06-03	A good friend texted me this after seeing the episode:"That was awful!!!!!!!!How could you tell me it was going to be awesome!!!!!!!Terible /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />(x10) /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />(x10) /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />(x5)   I want to cry I want that old man to die in the most horrible way there is.(Me: I suppose you also hate Bolton)Die you all!!!Jon is stupid, he left Yngrid behind.This really got me, it was too awful. Mi chest is hurting.Awful.I loved Rob(Me: And Cat, I started loving since the end of the second book. Luckily they didn't show all the details of her death)Don't say anything."
1991	Valonqar_	2013-06-03	Right, due to Tyrion's whitewashing he is probably seen as the BEST guy left on the show.I can't believe they will let him create the phrase: The North remembers.
1992	wolverine	2013-06-03	Theres something seriously wrong with me too. I just keep laughing at these. But I remember my own reaction when I read the books - threw it across the room and couldn't pick it up for days.But my friends took it pretty well - they are actually more interested now to see what comes next.Literally or metaphorically?  I was one of them that just kept reading voraciously thinking "say it aint so."
1993	Caryn Stark	2013-06-03	My friends were all pretty shocked and horrified but impressed the show killed good guys. Lol. I guess that's why they are my friends.
1994	Harlock415	2013-06-03	Bwahahahahahttp://io9.com/the-1...rones-511003444
1995	Valonqar_	2013-06-03	From the 100+ tweets, this one is the best. If only it could be true...http://amymarie97.tu...-episode-forces
1996	Harlock415	2013-06-03	From the 100+ tweets, this one is the best. If only it could be true...http://amymarie97.tu...-episode-forcesHehe, SFO is about 10 minutes from my house too, would have been a hilarious story if true.
1997	wolverine	2013-06-03	A good friend texted me this after seeing the episode:"That was awful!!!!!!!!How could you tell me it was going to be awesome!!!!!!!Terible /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />(x10) /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />(x10) /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />(x5)  I want to cry I want that old man to die in the most horrible way there is.(Me: I suppose you also hate Bolton)Die you all!!!Jon is stupid, he left Yngrid behind.This really got me, it was too awful.Mi chest is hurting.Awful.I loved Rob(Me: And Cat, I started loving since the end of the second book. Luckily they didn't show all the details of her death)Don't say anything."Doesn't everyone?  I mean, you can like that he is a good character, but how can you not hate who that character is?
1998	The Ghost of Winter	2013-06-03	Now my bf thinks Thoros will resurrect Robb and my family (save my mother) are rooting for Stannis lol.
1999	Maizel	2013-06-03	I think near to all who say they will stop watching the show after this episode will return to the show.
How can you have such a reaction to an episode,  and not see where the story goes, I wonder.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 03 June 2013 - 09:43 PM.
2000	Valonqar_	2013-06-03	Doesn't everyone?  I mean, you can like that he is a good character, but how can you not hate who that character is?I know, I only wanted her to see her focusing on hating Roose.
2001	Ghosteline	2013-06-03	Literally or metaphorically?  I was one of them that just kept reading voraciously thinking "say it aint so."Very much literally /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. My book is still molded from that impact.
2002	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	Seems many don't believe that Roslin was truly his daughter.
That's hilarious.
2003	wolverine	2013-06-03	Apparently the two I watch it with are pretty boring.  They hardly had any reaction, except about how brutal it was, until I asked them about it.  Of course, one of them was folding clothes the whole episode.
2004	Gigei	2013-06-03	So Talisa was not a spy and their love was real? I am now officially worried about Shae.
2005	Lannes	2013-06-04	youtube compliationhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tEPriceless.......
2006	.more wine.	2013-06-04	This is my favorite!
"YOU RUINED MY LIFE GEORGE R R MARTIN + IF YOU DIDN<U+0092>T LOOK LIKE SANTA I'D PUNCH YOU IN YOUR STUPID OLD MAN FACE"
2007	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-06-04	I have had to point out to a couple of people who were seriously raging that this kind of thing happens in stories all the time and had to remind them of 'Romeo and Juliet' and Greek tragedies like 'Oedipus Rex' before they began to calm down.
On a gaming forum I use there are few Unsullied who had a sudden revelation - the 'guy who cut the other guy's balls off is Bolton's Bastard son!!!!' I was quite proud they had managed to finally work that out considering the extreme emotions they were going through with this episode.
2008	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-04	Are you my son? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />All my life I thought I was an orphan! /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
2009	Ghost Cat	2013-06-04	My Unsullied friend sent me a message "OMG. I have to go hug my dog now"
I'm fairly certain she's still curled up with the dog.
2010	Vhailorian	2013-06-04	I taped my friend.  Quite humorous, because earlier in the season she begged me to tell me if Robb Stark died and threatened to google him if I didn't tell her.  So I said he did but not for a really long time so she wouldn't see anything coming.  Yeah, she almost killed me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  I think she'll keep watching, but I don't know.  She was seriously done after she thought Bran and Rickon died to the point where I actually had to tell her they weren't dead so she'd keep watching. lol.http://youtu.be/GH6mEvhTEt0 /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />  That was one of my favorite youtube videos of the RW reactions...and believe me I have seen a ton. I actually feel a wee guilty watching all these videos...I feel like Cartman or Gerald Tarrant...but somehow I will manage to live with myself. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2011	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	I still remember how gutted I was when this happened in the books. I could not believe what had just happened and temporarily abandoned my usual carefree reading of umpteen chapters in the book for the rest of the night. See, on account of Internet spoilerage, I already knew about something called the Red Wedding, where Catelyn kills a character called Jinglebell. I'd have figured out that the Freys would try something anyway, but after Catelyn's chapters picking up dramatically after she'd been sidelined so long at Riverrun, I was expecting some sort of victory for the Starks there, and was looking forward to the Freys being wiped out for their treachery, which you can see coming a mile off while reading the third book. I had no concept whatsoever that the long build-up via the Catelyn POVs was a means of leading the reader down the garden path.
So I am actually now finding all the shock this episode has caused to non-reader fans amusing, because now they feel how fucking awful I felt when this happened to me reading the books.
2012	qwawryn	2013-06-04	Arya is coping with what happened:https://vine.co/v/b3XZMHmxzxh
2013	Neumond	2013-06-04	My Darling knew, that something was coming. But he didnt knew what exactly.
When we watched it together, he was very pleased, by Walder Frey. I think he liked him, because he took the whole betrayal thing with humour. Of course I fostered this thought in him /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />. We laughed about the look, Frey gave Robb when the hottie-bride was revealed...
When the musicians started playing, the penny dropped instantly.
He shouted: "Wow, he is this angry? And they even play a ballad?"
While Arya watched Greywind die, he complained about her having the worst timing in the whole world.
The dead wolf wasnt of interest to him.
But earlier, he even didnt know who the heck this ghost was, I was talking about to answer a question ... The direwolfs clearly came to short in the show.
When Cat was holding walders wife hostage, he acted like watching a soccer-game but instead of "Kick it already!" he shouted: "Not the girl! Stab him!"
I think he wasnt as pleased with him any more. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
For him this is quite a reaction and surprisingly it sticked with him.
This morning, he started thinking about what will happen in the final episode. And for whom he should root.
Before, he was thinking about dany perhaps becoming an evil queen. But now he seems convinced, that she is the main protagonist of the story.
We will see...
					
					
							Edited by Neumond, 04 June 2013 - 02:39 AM.
2014	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	I was more angry now than when I was reading it, to actually see it was so horrible I was the one crying. My sister was sooooo pissed and when she's angry she throws stuffs, she was like why didn't you tell me i never would have started watching this (lot of editing) show, she's never watching the show again. she was swearing even when I left her house I wishes I recorded it but I know she will murder me if I did.
2015	AndrAs Garcia	2013-06-04	I had to throw my friends a bone and revealed that the last book of the series was originally going to be called "A Time for Wolves".
2016	LordStoneheart	2013-06-04	So my Unsullied sister the next day said "I was just kind of hoping Arya would make it in there and resurrect them with those words. *laugh* Otherwise, what was the point of showing that other guy doing it?"
Now I am really hoping they do UnCat next week.
2017	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	My mother and stepdad were so depressed I never got a phonecall from their direction after the episode had finished, which in advance I'd asked for,  and had to call myself to see how they'd took the news. Apparently, they were tuning in to some other drama series or other in order to try and get over it, and my mother sounded as if she'd been on the verge of tears.
My brother made me read the book chapter in front of him at the time so he could see the expression on my face as soon as it ended. And there's still another shocker to come in the third novel adaptation if they get a certain new character just right. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 04 June 2013 - 03:05 AM.
2018	Stannisfan	2013-06-04	My boyfriend was more upset about Jon leaving Ygritte 'I thought they were in love!!'
2019	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	Ah, poor Ygwitte. Me wonders what they'll do with her? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2020	Kobayashi Maru	2013-06-04	Well hubby was devastated.He kept repeating oh shit and who am I to root for now? And he couldn't recover from shock for a while.
					
					
							Edited by Kobayashi Maru, 04 June 2013 - 03:40 AM.
2021	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	My mother still hasn't recovered. I've just come off the phone from her.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 04 June 2013 - 03:44 AM.
2022	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-04	My parents were shocked, but they seemed to take it pretty well. 
My grandparents planned to watch it tonight; I'll have ask them what they thought.
2023	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	My friend asked me today whether Jon will look to gain revenge on the Lannisters, given that Robb named Jon as his heir. I was genuinely baffled by this, since she hasn't read the books, and I don't recall Jon being named as Robb's heir in the show. I told her that Jon fucks shit up, but I didn't tell her it wasn't in the way she thought.
2024	Jethro	2013-06-04	my friend texted me: hahaha...EVERYONE DIED!!!!....
His GF is apparently still in total chock.
Was up all night watching tweets and funny youtube reactions.
I myself almost had an heartattack even though I read it serveral  times before, HBO really depicted the brutality.
2025	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	love it how loads of non book readers have vowed to no longer watch the show whilst book readers aren't even taking them seriously, cos we've all been through this
2026	The Lady Lannister	2013-06-04	Burningcandle saidEvery time someone asks GRRM when the next book is coming out, he kills a Stark.This seems to be true .
					
					
							Edited by The Lady Lannister, 04 June 2013 - 08:00 AM.
2027	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-04	"Why do all the adult Stark's die? At least we've still got Jon, they wont kill him....Will they? Because if they do I'm not watching this, that's taking it too far!"That was awkward, although, now I'm looking forward for the unsullied reactions to Jon 'dying'
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 04 June 2013 - 08:42 AM.
2028	Ahri Adaran	2013-06-04	love it how loads of non book readers have vowed to no longer watch the show whilst book readers aren't even taking them seriously, cos we've all been through thisWell ratings surged up after Ned died so we don't have much of a reason to take them seriously so far...
2029	GoldenFleece	2013-06-04	"Why do all the adult Stark's die? At least we've still got Jon, they wont kill him....Will they? Because if they do I'm not watching this, that's taking it too far!"That was awkward, although, now I'm looking forward for the unsullied reactions to Jon 'dying'LOL I totally forgot about that.  More angry non-reader viewers and reaction videos await.I actually get quite emotional watching other people get emotional watching the red wedding.  When I watched it I was grinning my head off even though it was shocking.
					
					
							Edited by GoldenFleece, 04 June 2013 - 08:45 AM.
2030	GoldenFleece	2013-06-04	Best reaction so far.  Bloody hell!!!  Hope she is okay.http://www.worldstar...8LhT8XdrWX321y0
2031	Neumond	2013-06-04	Oh my... Im scared /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />.
Im serious, she is really scary! The Hound is a sweet summer puppy against her!
					
					
							Edited by Neumond, 04 June 2013 - 09:12 AM.
2032	BurningCandle	2013-06-04	love it how loads of non book readers have vowed to no longer watch the show whilst book readers aren't even taking them seriously, cos we've all been through thisSeriously, I read so many "I'm boycotting the show now!" tweets it's not even funny. It puts me in mind of a two year old toddler throwing a temper tantrum. "What do you mean I can't have a pony? BUT I WANT A PONY!!!!!!"Seriously, I don't understand why people are ANGRY that a show made them feel something. It's like they want carbon copied, so-sugary-you-could-go-into-a-diabetic-coma-from-it Disney endings. The entire show they have repeated "When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die". Ramsay even says it outright "If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention." Rob played, Rob died.I'm hoping most of them are just reeling from it and they come to their sense eventually and aren't actually going to boycott the show for having the balls to go through with the Red Wedding.
2033	blindbraavosi	2013-06-04	I don't know if anyone already posted it, but this    http://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tE             is the best youtube compilation i watched.Enjoy you greek gods /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> !
2034	Maizel	2013-06-04	Anyone who gets so upset that they have to take to Twitter to proclaim their boycott in caps,  clearly is too invested in the show to not come back.
I'm pretty sure 99% of those people will return next season.  If not the next episode.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 04 June 2013 - 09:42 AM.
2035	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-04	Anyone who gets so upset that they have to take to Twitter to proclaim their boycott in caps,  clearly is too invested in the show to not come back.Or being overly dramatic in an attempt to be seen as invested in the show.
2036	Dany4eva	2013-06-04	Best reaction so far.  Bloody hell!!!  Hope she is okay.http://www.worldstar...8LhT8XdrWX321y0OMFG *drown/
2037	cybobbie	2013-06-04	Here at home my mom was in such a shock with the violence of the scenes that she closed her eyes. She was upset that the characters died, but she was more upset with the gruesome of the scene of Talisa being stabbed, so she didn't see many parts of the ending scene. However she still likes the show and will keep watching it. Other friends were also in total shock, but I didn't watch the episode with them. One of my friends called me crying and kept saying over and over that it's better be some revenge coming soon. So here reactions were of shock but not as bad as the ones that I saw on Twitter and Facebook. Those are the ones that shocked me. I mean a lot of people cursing HBO and D&D and GRRM, something that I really don't get.
2038	Nutbean	2013-06-04	As soon as my daughter heard The Rains of Castamere playing, she straightened up in her chair and said "uh oh...that's not good."
Her reaction to the whole thing was "Geez, those Starks can't catch a break!"
She loves Arya and The Hound and LOLed at the part where she was begging him not to kill the old guy with the cart and telling him how she knows someone who would make The Hound seem like a kitten and could kill him with his little finger. "Is that him?" pointing at the unconscious man on the ground. Arya turns and looks confused..."no." "Good" and starts forward to kill him again.
2039	Rohanne	2013-06-04	"NOOOOOOOOOO" (laughing in disbelief) "NOOOOOOO" 
He was spoiled about Robb's death but was not expecting it now. He also had no idea it would be a massacre. Was truly shocked.
He then said. "I can't wait to see what Littlefinger will do. He loved Catelyn and I know he will want revenge for this." He also thinks that Littlefinger will probably win it all.
Other unsullied, "Yes! Best episode of the series so far!"
Watched it again with another unsullied that night. "That scream (Catelyn's at the end) is going to give me nightmares tonight."
It was harder for me to watch the second time. Had to turn away when Talisa and Grey Wind died.
2040	Isildur's Mane	2013-06-04	My friends have different reactions. Mostly rage though. One said he died a little inside.
another friend txtd me. She said: I watched it this morning... WOW!! So sad. Ya knew things couldn't be all sweet though.
...
Then she said: Yeah, they did a good job exploding the tension haha not rising it.
Welllll only subtly rising it with Rob's relationship.
I had spoiled it for her (because she had stopped watching the shows for a while, and I wanted to talk about the books with her anyway lol) so she knew it was coming, just didnt know how many people were going to die.
2041	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Before this, my friend was asking me if Ned ever comes back.
I refused to answer. Let the kid have a bit of hope =/
2042	Ser Milady Wolf	2013-06-04	My fiance for sure thought Talisa was going to die ever since she said she was pregnant. He did not expect the entire family to go down. I got so many texts from friends who watch the show, but dont read the books, mostly along the lines of "WTF bad episode" and "Man, that really was something." I was saying to them for the past two weeks that this one would have some action and is a game changer, but they had no idea...
Really glad though that most of the people I know were not spoiled at all. Good job book readers! Really shows the amount of respect we have for the source material and wanted everyone to have that "Oh shit" shocking moment.
Getting a kick out of all these videos, especially http://www.worldstar...8LhT8XdrWX321y0 and the youtube compilation. Wish I were with any one of these people, given their dramatic reactions. My fiance was just stunned silent.
2043	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-04	Pfft, and I remember some people here were worried that the RW wouldn't have that much effect /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2044	Exar0s	2013-06-04	My one year wedding anniversary was on June 2nd, the same day as the Red Wedding. My wife was not pleased about this.
My co-worker is the biggest Robb Stark fan ever. He is a 50 year old man who goes around the office calling himself "Mark Stark" and truly believed Robb would win the war and get revenge for Ned. After the Red Wedding he text me "Dam it you should have warned me. I'm dead inside now, are you happy!?!?!". He then proceeded to not speak to me for about 2 hours the following day at work lol.
2045	lyanna_maria	2013-06-04	Yeah, I remember too how many readers were worried that the RW wouldn't have much impact... It definitely had a huge one!! I love to read - and watch - all the reacions of the non-readers. My friend hasn't watched it yet, but anyway he already knows that Robb will eventually die, and that in this episode there is something called "Red Wedding", so I don't know if it will come as a big surprise. 
By the way, he told me that searching the Internet he sadly got spoiled about Jon's death in Dance /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  So I just started discussing my theories about him being actually alive and all.
2046	BurningCandle	2013-06-04	What's interesting is that alot of the wailing I've heard and read, is about Grey Wind. "WTF THEY EVEN KILLED THE DOG F EVERY FREY THEY BETTER DIE IN THE NEXT EPISODE WTF".
Grey Wind's death was pretty horrible, I was angry he didn't get the chance to take down a couple Freys like he did in the books.
2047	Ralph	2013-06-04	Here in Germany the dubbed version airs July 14th. I have no idea how I can keep my friends unspoiled /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. I do my best telling them not to read anything about the series on wiki or anywhere really, that it is best to enjoy the story unspoiled. But even taking the language barrier into account I have not much hope. One unfortunate picture on facebook is all it takes.
2048	Maizel	2013-06-04	I wouldn't watch a dub of AGOT if they gave me money.
2049	bluemoon	2013-06-04	Made the daily mail newspaper today, stabbing a woman with a bun in the oven has sparked outrage /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2050	Teardrops	2013-06-04	In my group of unsullied there are 2 Robb fanboys, during the RW they tried to keep their composure but completely lost it at "mother". When they calmed down they went on google to see what happen next ( I tried to stop them but oh well.. ) and they said: "He killed the KITN and Cat for this s**t?! I'm done." They are not going to keep watching and definitely they are not going to read the books.The interesting thing is that one of the others, one who couldn't stand Robb, was sad and angry too. He kept saying: "He didn't deserve to die like that. They didn't deserve to die like that" and then after I explained the meaning of ' guest right' he was even more angry "It doesn't make sense, who could choose to ruin his family forever like that? I want that stupid, vile old man to die in the most slow and horrible way."
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 04 June 2013 - 12:10 PM.
2051	Envie	2013-06-04	I think for the first time ever, many viewers are getting a taste of why this saga is unlike any other. By staying true to the books, the producers took a risk because they have to know many television addicts expect justice, they expect 'good guys' and 'bad guys' and they expect a happy ending... that's pretty much the norm for most stories and very very few have ever killed of major characters all at once at the rapid rate GoT does - it's definitely shocking and seems senseless and unfair...but I honestly believe this was a necessary thing and will actually gain the show even more fans than it loses. We are far too conditioned to happy endings and even real life seems so watered down now because everyone tries too hard to be politically correct and 'sensitive' to everyone's feelings. Life is losing its grittiness and reality is becoming a fake reality show drama. GoT dared to go there with the material Mr. Martin gave us over a decade ago - and I thank him for that even if it has traumatized and upset many HBO fans. I have a feeling they won't be able to boycott, they will be forever haunted by that scene and like the rest of us, holding onto hope that the future for the Starks will be better. Hope is all really all you can hold onto.
2052	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	I can't believe they will let him create the phrase: The North remembers.I cringed at that too.screw HBO and their whitewashing of Tyrion."OMG everyone loves Tyrion, let's make him a superhero!"Things like that really make me afraid that they won't have him kill Shae....Arya is coping with what happened:https://vine.co/v/b3XZMHmxzxhgod I love that kid.
2053	Lord_Baelish	2013-06-04	I so want Arya as a little sister.
My friend texted me a few seconds after the credits started rolling. Her exact words were: "What .... What the FUCK just happened?"
I replied saying, "That was the Red Wedding. What a happy day."
To which she said, "That old Frey is so gonna get dead."
I got the distinct impression she wasn't happy with the turn of events. I still think Drogo's death upset her more though.
2054	Real Heir of  Bear Island	2013-06-04	I had to contact my cousin the next day. She had told me she sat and wept for an hour after Ned died so I was concerned for her. She was like dude wtf, I screamed and I cried I didn't know what to do! She was trying to drag spoilers out of me. I was trying to give her some hope withour spoiling too much. Some of the things that upset me was that she was mad at Jon for betraying Ygritte and thinks Stannis is a bad guy.I told her to read the books. She told me this morning that she downloaded them on her Kindle.
2055	Rapsie	2013-06-04	My Unsullied other half:
This is a more cheery episode.
Frey Castle door's close.
"Is this a trap?". 
I say nothing. Slaughter ensues.
Talisa stabbed.
"oooooh feck".  More arrows.
"Fucking hell" Looks around. "Why are you filming me". 
Ensue fight about the mobile phone.
"So does Robb die then?"
"Just watch"
More carnage.
He watches....
"So is there no music on purpose?"
On further querying (and again explaining who Talisa was) he said that it was grim, but a great twist and it has removed two chess pieces and the game will suffer for it.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 04 June 2013 - 03:36 PM.
2056	chewietobbacca	2013-06-04	I had to contact my cousin the next day. She had told me she sat and wept for an hour after Ned died so I was concerned for her. She was like dude wtf, I screamed and I cried I didn't know what to do! She was trying to drag spoilers out of me. I was trying to give her some hope withour spoiling too much. Some of the things that upset me was that she was mad at Jon for betraying Ygritte and thinks Stannis is a bad guy.I told her to read the books. She told me this morning that she downloaded them on her Kindle.Funny thing is... when reading the books... you think the same thing regarding Jon betraying Ygritte and Stannis being a bad guy. But things change (likewise for Jaime who starts off reviled and then becomes a favorite)
2057	Cheshire Rat	2013-06-04	My boss is the only non book reader I know that watches it and early this season he said, "I don't really like Robb Stark anymore. He makes bad decisions." And I was thinking, well he won't be too upset then. But boy was I wrong. He's gone CRAZY! The second I got in the car this morning he started yelling about the episode and how much he hated it. When I said something about not liking Robb Stark, he took the crazy up a notch and yelled, "I DON'T! WHO CARES ABOUT HIM? WHY DID THEY KILL CATELYN SHE WAS A GOOD PERSON! SHE DIDN'T DESERVE IT!!"
The rant continued for 15 minutes. He is especially irate that Arya was so close to seeing her mother. He kept saying, "Arya is all I have left." I mean he just kept yelling about Catelyn for 15 minutes and anytime I tried to say I was really upset about her dying too, he just cut me off and started in on the she didn't deserve to die thing. After the 15 minute rant he said he couldn't talk about it yet. Which, okay...
Then at lunch he started up again and started going on about how they could have just taken Catelyn and Arya hostage and then they would be alive and together. I made the mistake of saying that the Freys were planning on taking Catelyn hostage until she started with the throat slitting. Then he roared, "DON'T YOU DARE BLAME HER FOR THIS!"
I just gave up at that point and nodded along. Apparently I cannot understand his grief. He told me he wasn't watching the finale and I thought he was being one of those people who said they weren't going to watch the show anymore, but he said no, he just needed an extra week to recover.
All in all, it made me feel like my tears were a completely sane reaction.
2058	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I'm surprised how many people are mad, though of course they went out of their way to really develop Rob and his romance more than in the books so it's more understandable. It is quite disheartening that all these evil characters are still alive two books later.
2059	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Everyone I know is pissed. The general remark is "Who the fuck am I supposed to root for now? I hope the WhiteWalkers/Dragons kill them all"
2060	teemo	2013-06-04	I really liked how my friend instantly recognized Rains of Castamere as "Lannister music."  She texts too much during the show sometimes so she tends to miss little details so I was surprised.  I literally took the phone away and hid it from her this episode, lol.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 06:36 PM.
2061	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	LOL at everyone calling him "Ron Stark" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2062	teemo	2013-06-04	LOL at everyone calling him "Ron Stark" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />And "Walter Frey" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Loved how that spoiler dude called him "Frey King."  Hah.  And that guy wasn't lying after all, interestingly.
2063	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Two reviewers on youtube think Tormund is Ygritte's father now.
2064	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	And "Walter Frey" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Loved how that spoiler dude called him "Frey King."  Hah.  And that guy wasn't lying after all, interestingly. And "Kathryn Stark" and "Aryan Stark," dear God. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
2065	Underzaker	2013-06-04	Arya is coping with what happened:https://vine.co/v/b3XZMHmxzxhI can watch this forever.  Man Maise is cool.
2066	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	This is only sort of related but I just realized how ironic it is that Arya ends up in the House of Black and White. Because that's exactly how she used to see the world. Sansa should have told the truth because its the truth and its the right thing to do. The Hound shouldn't have killed her friend because it's wrong to kill him. The Brotherhood is a bunch of liars and they're only claiming that they sold Gendry for their god. It's like she can't see the complexity of decisions that people have to make. And so it's so fitting that she ends up in a place with that name, because that's kind of been her morality so far.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 04 June 2013 - 07:08 PM.
2067	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	And "Kathryn Stark" and "Aryan Stark," dear God. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />It is quite a lot harder to get the names right when you only hear them though. When you read them it's very simple as the spelling is completely clear. Add that all people aren't equally good at getting it, while some just care less, and it can become a mess.I guess this should be a lesson for the people that didn't understand why they changed Asha to Yara. You generally try to avoid people having similar names in shows and film, even when the names are normal ones, because there's always risk of that people don't hear it correctly.
2068	Liathano	2013-06-04	Flatmates were in shock, and angry.
One thing that stood out, of their reactions was "so what's going to happen now? The Starks are dead! Who will fight the Lannisters?" And then lots of speculation about revenge. It seems a lot of people can't comprehend that just because the Starks are mostly all gone, there couldn't possibly be any more plotline left. I guess TV viewers thought this was about a battle between the Starks and the Lannisters. I guess in this way, they've portrayed very well the same naive sentiment of the book characters who pretty much think the same thing, but don't realise a vastly more sinister enemy is lurking.
One of my friends said he didn't want to watch it any more, because he wants battles, not betrayals. Welcome to the Game of Thrones dude.
					
					
							Edited by Liathano, 04 June 2013 - 07:51 PM.
2069	Liathano	2013-06-04	Two reviewers on youtube think Tormund is Ygritte's father now.My flatmates thought the same thing! And I kept telling them "no" and still they're like "are you sure?". Yeah, pretty sure guys. lol
2070	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	snipOne of my friends said he didn't want to watch it any more, because he wants battles, not betrayals. How boring. People who can do battles are a dime a dozen. People who can do betrayals that make YOU feel betrayed too are rare.
2071	mafalda	2013-06-04	I love this board, it gives me the best laughs!
My Unsullied bf, before our friends came over for the episode, told me he read a spoiler online saying that Walder kills Robb, and I laughed at told him no, Walder is like 91 years old, what the hell is he going to do???
...After the episode he said I lied to him. I told him I didn't, Walder didn't kill Robb, Roose Bolton did.
2072	teemo	2013-06-04	It is quite a lot harder to get the names right when you only hear them though. When you read them it's very simple as the spelling is completely clear. Add that all people aren't equally good at getting it, while some just care less, and it can become a mess.I guess this should be a lesson for the people that didn't understand why they changed Asha to Yara. You generally try to avoid people having similar names in shows and film, even when the names are normal ones, because there's always risk of that people don't hear it correctly.That's why in dialogue-heavy shows I always, always have on captions.
2073	teemo	2013-06-04	I love this board, it gives me the best laughs!My Unsullied bf, before our friends came over for the episode, told me he read a spoiler online saying that Walder kills Robb, and I laughed at told him no, Walder is like 91 years old, what the hell is he going to do???...After the episode he said I lied to him. I told him I didn't, Walder didn't kill Robb, Roose Bolton did. Love it!  Great way to respond to that.My friend kept screaming YOU LIED TO ME because she threatened to google Robb Stark earlier in the season if I didn't tell her whether he lived or died (she was developing a crush on him and didn't want to get attached), and since I REALLY didn't want the RW to be spoiled for her while googling Robb, I just said, "oh he dies, but it's actually quite a peaceful death and isn't for a few more seasons." /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> She was piiissseddd. 
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 08:21 PM.
2074	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	How boring. People who can do battles are a dime a dozen. People who can do betrayals that make YOU feel betrayed too are rare. Not really, not people who can do battles really well. The battles in Thrones are handled in mediocre fashion tbh.
2075	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Love it!  Great way to respond to that.My friend kept screaming YOU LIED TO ME because she threatened to google Robb Stark earlier in the season if I didn't tell her whether he lived or died (she was developing a crush on him and didn't want to get attached), and since I REALLY didn't want the RW to be spoiled for her while googling Robb, I just said, "oh he dies, but it's actually quite a peaceful death and isn't for a few more seasons." /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> She was piiissseddd.LOL you told her to keep watching too. hahaha evilNot really, not people who can do battles really well. The battles in Thrones are handled in mediocre fashion tbh.yes, that's why I didn't say people who can do battles well.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 04 June 2013 - 08:39 PM.
2076	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	yes, that's why I didn't say people who can do battles well. So you compared people who can do mediocre battles to people who can do effective betrayals? How is that fair?
2077	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	So you compared people who can do mediocre battles to people who can do effective betrayals? How is that fair?I didn't compare them. I said that one is common and the other is rare. You didn't say he wants good battles, so I didn't compare good battles. I added the qualifier of good betrayals because you said he wants "battles, not betrayals" which is a sentiment that only gets expressed if the betrayal was good. To me, it's like saying "I don't want to be upset by my favorite characters being betrayed, I want to see fighting." So, as I understood it, this person would prefer battles of any quality over betrayals that do what they're supposed to do. Since they probably wouldn't have said that if this was a "meh" betrayal.
2078	hedgeknight001	2013-06-04	Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.
Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."
*Imbalanced* people feel satisfied. (Indeed, after reading some of the posts on this very board on the topics of Theon's torture, I have the sense that some disturbed people actually derive a sexual experience from it.) But that's sociopathic. And decidedly not the mindset of most people.
Book readers know that some sense of justice does in fact prevail in ASOIAF (Joffrey poisoned, Tywin killed, Cersei's walk of shame, Frey pie, Gregor, well, Frankensteined); ASOIAF isn't at all a "sometimes evil does prevail" story, if you take the long view. But some of this is admittedly a long way off. 
Can the HBO series induce people to hang with it? I'm not so sure.
					
					
							Edited by hedgeknight001, 04 June 2013 - 09:46 PM.
2079	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Book readers know that because they kept on reading. I'm sure some people will stop watching while the show will draw others who didn't yet watch, simply because of how epic the reaction has been.
Watching a TV show is much less of an investment than reading a book.
2080	teemo	2013-06-04	I think a lot of people will stay just to see if Joffrey dies.  And now Tywin and Walder and Roose too.  Except only two of those are dead at this point.
2081	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."*Imbalanced* people feel satisfied. (Indeed, after reading some of the posts on this very board on the topics of Theon's torture, I have the sense that some disturbed people actually derive a sexual experience from it.) But that's sociopathic. And decidedly not the mindset of most people.Book readers know that some sense of justice does in fact prevail in ASOIAF (Joffrey poisoned, Tywin killed, Cersei's walk of shame, Frey pie, Gregor, well, Frankensteined); ASOIAF isn't at all a "sometimes evil does prevail" story, if you take the long view. But some of this is admittedly a long way off.Can the HBO series induce people to hang with it? I'm not so sure.Imbalance does not enter it.I think people who get emotionally ruined by the fates of fictional characters would be the imbalanced ones. It's satisfying for people who are watching to be entertained and surprised. That doesn't mean they're "imbalanced." Hell, by your logic, every single person that enjoys ghost stories and horror movies is imbalanced.It comes down to how capable you are of detaching yourself from people who do not exist.
2082	Bastard Walder	2013-06-04	Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."*Imbalanced* people feel satisfied. (Indeed, after reading some of the posts on this very board on the topics of Theon's torture, I have the sense that some disturbed people actually derive a sexual experience from it.) But that's sociopathic. And decidedly not the mindset of most people.Book readers know that some sense of justice does in fact prevail in ASOIAF (Joffrey poisoned, Tywin killed, Cersei's walk of shame, Frey pie, Gregor, well, Frankensteined); ASOIAF isn't at all a "sometimes evil does prevail" story, if you take the long view. But some of this is admittedly a long way off.Can the HBO series induce people to hang with it? I'm not so sure.Idk. No one I know is quitting the show, and this episode brought huge publicity. I think the show will peak next season.
2083	go joff go	2013-06-04	I'm not too worried.  Most people who threaten to leave will say might as well watch the last episode, and then you have the hiatus for them to get over themselves.  Besides I think most people are sensing that the lannisters are next and if Balon dies next episode they will know from the leeches that Joffrey will be soon.
2084	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I didn't compare them. I said that one is common and the other is rare. You didn't say he wants good battles, so I didn't compare good battles. I added the qualifier of good betrayals because you said he wants "battles, not betrayals" which is a sentiment that only gets expressed if the betrayal was good. To me, it's like saying "I don't want to be upset by my favorite characters being betrayed, I want to see fighting." I think it was implied by whoever posted that. (wasn't me anyway) I don't think juxtaposing mediocre battle sequences against "excellent" betrayal sequences is a proper comparison as to which type of sequence holds more or less intrinsic value.Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."*Imbalanced* people feel satisfied. (Indeed, after reading some of the posts on this very board on the topics of Theon's torture, I have the sense that some disturbed people actually derive a sexual experience from it.) But that's sociopathic. And decidedly not the mindset of most people.Book readers know that some sense of justice does in fact prevail in ASOIAF (Joffrey poisoned, Tywin killed, Cersei's walk of shame, Frey pie, Gregor, well, Frankensteined); ASOIAF isn't at all a "sometimes evil does prevail" story, if you take the long view. But some of this is admittedly a long way off.Can the HBO series induce people to hang with it? I'm not so sure. I question HBO viewer loyalty as well. It's a pretty nasty kick in the balls to be fair to them. I can understand their outrage, though I didn't expect so much of it. Twitter is raging with people allegedly canceling their HBO subscriptions, cursing GRRM's name, and saying they are "DONE" with Game of Thrones.Simple thing is, people want justice. There's enough injustice in reality, there's no need to sit through it every Sunday night. As far as we know, nothing on the scale of the Red Wedding will happen again, but I wouldn't be surprised if Martin (attempting to be shocking and edgy) did the same shit again just to get a reaction. I don't blame people at all for not wanting to be part of that.
2085	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	I don't care how upset one is with the show, cancelling an entire subscription to the channel is a dumbass move. Of all the stuff you may see on this channel on any given day, THIS is what makes you unsubscribe? That's kind of sad to me.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 04 June 2013 - 11:27 PM.
2086	hedgeknight001	2013-06-05	I don't care how upset one is with the show, cancelling an entire subscription to the channel is a dumbass move. Of all the stuff you may see on this channel on any given day, THIS is what makes you unsubscribe? That's kind of sad to me.While the cable companies like to keep their viewer numbers a bit ambiguous, I read somewhere that a certain percentage of subscribers to the premium channels in fact subscribe only to see certain events or shows (i.e., the World Cup, Dexter, a boxing fight, etc.) and when it is over, they cancel. These viewers will then renew their subscription when next year's season/event, etc. comes around.Gotta wonder how many will cancel after this season but not renew next year.Of course it could work the opposite way: maybe they will eagerly renew, hoping to see how the Starks get justice. I hope so. I think it's fair to say how Episode 10 handles things will give us an insight: give a hint of future justice and these non-reader viewers who are sympathetic to the Starks likely will come back. Rub their nose in it (e.g., show Joffrey cackling over the Grey Wind/Robb mutilation) and I suspect some of them are gone for good.
2087	mystikherb	2013-06-05	I had one particular friend who was absolutely devastated.  Based on how much he kept talking about how much he loved the Starks, I knew he would not like it, but it was more sad to see his reaction than the event itself.  He didn't talk for a few minutes, he was trying to hide tears when he did talk, and looked more sad than I've ever seen him.  It was honestly worse than anything I've seen on YouTube... No loud "WHAT THE FUCK" or "NO! NO!!!"... just a broken, defeated silence.
2088	Kobayashi Maru	2013-06-05	Well I asked my non reader will he watch it after this and he said hell yeah. It's great it's like in life you don't get what you want every time and good guys  don't win every time. It's good and I'm sticking with it.
2089	Brixon	2013-06-05	GRRM is an amazing writer when you think about it. To be able to stir so much emotion over a single fictonal event, for multiple years. Good job George.
2090	mystikherb	2013-06-05	GRRM is an amazing writer when you think about it. To be able to stir so much emotion over a single fictonal event, for multiple years. Good job George.This.  I don't think I've ever seen as big a reaction to an event in one episode of a tv show.
2091	stevanjo	2013-06-05	My unsullied friend knew that Robb was going to die, his own cousin (who simply has to know everything even though he hasn't red the books) spoiled him to that, but he didn't know when and how. I convinced him it will be in some time later. I watched this episode before him, and had to call him and tell him that this was a brilliant episode but it had a boring part with the wedding, but it simply had to be so because it is like that in the book. Later he told me, he knew that Walder will betray them, but had no idea it will happen so soon and in such a way. He was absolutely shocked and said that he had million questions to ask me when we see each other. I also can't wait for my other friend and his girlfriend to watch it (they are at episode 7 now). And finally i can't wait for my girlfriend to watch it, man i might not be able to defend myself from all the questions /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2092	thegreatwhitebear	2013-06-05	My brother texted me yesterday saying everytime he closed his eyes at work he kept seeing starks being slaughtered heh heh
2093	Petyr Stone	2013-06-05	I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but here it goes. My brother's wife is currently pregnant and she's having their baby in a couple of months. They are both fans of the show, but they haven't been able to see the last episode yet. They haven't read the books and are totally unprepared for what is about to happen. My question is this: should i warn her against seeing this episode? It has some extremely brutal and shocking scenes, including a pregnant woman getting stabbed in the stomach. What do you guys think? Thanks in advance!
2094	Plume	2013-06-05	I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but here it goes. My brother's wife is currently pregnant and she's having their baby in a couple of months. They are both fans of the show, but they haven't been able to see the last episode yet. They haven't read the books and are totally unprepared for what is about to happen. My question is this: should i warn her against seeing this episode? It has some extremely brutal and shocking scenes, including a pregnant woman getting stabbed in the stomach. What do you guys think? Thanks in advance!If she is a sensible soul, warn her. So that she can "prepare herself" mentally if she still decides to watch. It woud be unfortunate if she get too depressed over this, get nightmares of her own pregnancy or something.
2095	Teardrops	2013-06-05	Simple thing is, people want justice. There's enough injustice in reality, there's no need to sit through it every Sunday night.Exactly. One of my friends who want to stop watching the show said to me "If I want to see how much cruel and evil people can be all I have to do is read a newspaper or something. The difference is that at least on the newspaper I can find good news too."
2096	Mel_Rose	2013-06-05	An Unsullied friend said she didn't see it coming, but never liked Cat so is happy not to see her again (ehm...ok, yeah)But another said the best thing: When Catelyn says 'show them what it means to lose what they love' it is actually GRRM talking about us, or rather showing us what it means to lose characters we love.
2097	BurningCandle	2013-06-05	Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."So basically you're saying everyone who can appreciate the guts it took to do that to beloved characters, and the powerful emotions it inspires, is a psycho?"Well balanced people" often enjoy a twist they didn't see coming. They enjoy the fact that the show makes them feel something, even if those feelings are rage and sorrow. They enjoy that this isn't some carbon copied pg-13 garbage. If they wanted that, they sure as heck wouldn't have subscribed to HBO.The reason the red wedding is "satisfying" is because it is a perfect way to punch your readers/viewers in the gut. It's brilliant writing, and it's delivering on the theme of the story in a way no one can doubt. When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.This series is more grounded in realism than any other fantasy drama, and I like it that way. That does not make me a sick person who "delights" in the death of characters. I just appreciate a good story. If there are no stakes, if there is no danger, if everyone is just go end up all happily ever after in the end then why would I watch it? I'm not interested in watching "Care Bears Defend Rainbow Castle with the power of Friendship". For there to be light, there must be dark. For there to be good, there must be evil. And in GoT that means the Red Wedding needed to happen.Exactly. One of my friends who want to stop watching the show said to me "If I want to see how much cruel and evil people can be all I have to do is read a newspaper or something. The difference is that at least on the newspaper I can find good news too."If there wasn't an audience for this sort of gritty realism (even in a fantasy genre) then networks like "Investigation Discovery" wouldn't exist.
2098	Valonqar_	2013-06-05	http://www.buzzfeed....nes-red-wedding
2099	blindbraavosi	2013-06-05	And "Kathryn Stark" and "Aryan Stark," dear God. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />and james martin /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2100	Trident full of Dogs	2013-06-05	Flatmates were in shock, and angry.One thing that stood out, of their reactions was "so what's going to happen now? The Starks are dead! Who will fight the Lannisters?" And then lots of speculation about revenge. It seems a lot of people can't comprehend that just because the Starks are mostly all gone, there couldn't possibly be any more plotline left. I guess TV viewers thought this was about a battle between the Starks and the Lannisters. I guess in this way, they've portrayed very well the same naive sentiment of the book characters who pretty much think the same thing, but don't realise a vastly more sinister enemy is lurking.One of my friends said he didn't want to watch it any more, because he wants battles, not betrayals. Welcome to the Game of Thrones dude.LOL I read the books and still think it IS a battle between the Starks and the Lannisters. All the rest is much smaller than thatFrom now on little kids who don't behave will be told this:"Everytime a child is rude to her Mum and Dad (or dont finish their food), A STARK DIES".
					
					
							Edited by Trident full of Dogs, 05 June 2013 - 10:57 AM.
2101	quikah	2013-06-05	Can't imagine GoT returns to HBO next year with the same level of viewership.Well-balanced people don't watch a drama series and become invested in (reasonably) decent and good characters over three seasons, only to watch them murdered in a ghastly way and without any impending justice being done, and say, "Ah, that was satisfying."Sopranos saw a big spike in ratings coming into season 3 after they killed off a character at the end of season 2.  Even if there is a drop I suspect some people will come rushing back once they start hearing about the Lannister implosions that starts to happen, Joffrey, Tywin, Cersei mentally, Jaime basically quitting the family, it is a mess. The Lannisters are in far worse shape than the Starks by the end of book 5.
2102	protar	2013-06-05	My Unsullied friend was not happy. Was really super uncomfortable with Talisa's pregnant stabbing and was furious when I told him it didn't happen in the books. I've told him previously that Dany is still alive by the end of the serious so far (to help him cope with Ned's death.). So today I told him Season 4 would provide vengeance and not nearly so much fave character murdering. I'm not sure how he feels about Ygritte or Shae but other than that it's true.
2103	Rob Snow	2013-06-05	Full disclosure:I am not usually an overly emotional person, but I do have a fair amount of empathy for my fellow man.My wife (Unsullied)  took a couple of days to watch the show, but when she did, I let her watch it in peace.Later, she told me that she cried when Talisa and here baby died, and that she would no longer be watching the show with me.  I attempted to console her, by telling her that all readers pretty much felt the same way when we read the Red Wedding, but give it a few days/weeks/months, to recover.  That was a lie.  Noone I know has recovered from reading the Red Wedding.
2104	Rob Snow	2013-06-05	My Unsullied friend was not happy. Was really super uncomfortable with Talisa's pregnant stabbing and was furious when I told him it didn't happen in the books. I've told him previously that Dany is still alive by the end of the serious so far (to help him cope with Ned's death.). So today I told him Season 4 would provide vengeance and not nearly so much fave character murdering. I'm not sure how he feels about Ygritte or Shae but other than that it's true.I told my wife the same thing about Talisa.   Funny how we as readers of the book are consoling the Unsullied, when we, by and large, just had to deal with all this grief in muted silence.
2105	Raistlan	2013-06-05	Funny how we as readers of the book are consoling the Unsullied, when we, by and large, just had to deal with all this grief in muted silence.I think that [much delayed] sharing of the pain is why we are interested in others' reactions and having it finally be something we can share with people close to us.
2106	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	Exactly. One of my friends who want to stop watching the show said to me "If I want to see how much cruel and evil people can be all I have to do is read a newspaper or something. The difference is that at least on the newspaper I can find good news too."That's interesting.  Many use TV and movies as a means of escaping their harsh, unforgiving realities.  Good luck finding such an escape in ASOIAF.I've been wondering all along whether this scene would be too divisive. I guess we won't have to wait very long to find out.
2107	protar	2013-06-05	That's interesting.  Many use TV and movies as a means of escaping their harsh, unforgiving realities.  Good luck finding such an escape in ASOIAF.It's Utopian vs. Dystopian theory.We either watch happy stuff to escape our lives, or we watch sad stuff to make our lives seem better.
2108	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-05	I think it's fair to say how Episode 10 handles things will give us an insight: give a hint of future justice and these non-reader viewers who are sympathetic to the Starks likely will come back. Rub their nose in it (e.g., show Joffrey cackling over the Grey Wind/Robb mutilation) and I suspect some of them are gone for good.Well, assuming that the showrunners anticipated the reaction to the episode -- and I believe they probably did -- I suspect we'll get the former rather than the latter.  I'd hope that would include Stoneheart, but at least, a speech (looks like from Tyrion) about how the North will get it's revenge, violation of guest right, etc. etc. etc..  Some acknowledgment that the RW was a very, very bad thing even in Westeros, which is something readers always knew.
2109	The Monkey	2013-06-05	People seem to really look forward to the Arya/Hound travels. Seems like the Hound has finally gained a lot of fans this season after Lord Twatbeard took all his good lines in the first two seasons.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 05 June 2013 - 03:09 PM.
2110	Ironborn Iditarod	2013-06-05	I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but here it goes. My brother's wife is currently pregnant and she's having their baby in a couple of months. They are both fans of the show, but they haven't been able to see the last episode yet. They haven't read the books and are totally unprepared for what is about to happen. My question is this: should i warn her against seeing this episode? It has some extremely brutal and shocking scenes, including a pregnant woman getting stabbed in the stomach. What do you guys think? Thanks in advance!My brother was in this situation as he (a book reader) did decide to warn his prenant wife (non book reader) about the red wedding and let her choose whether to watch it or wait for a description from him.  He said she chose not to watch it and he was glad she didn't as the Talisa stabbing is quite brutal.As another poster said, it's really about how emotional of a soul is she?
2111	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-05	Exactly. One of my friends who want to stop watching the show said to me "If I want to see how much cruel and evil people can be all I have to do is read a newspaper or something. The difference is that at least on the newspaper I can find good news too."That's the thing. When you read the newspaper you don't see those people. Besides, you never knew them, much less have invested time or even projected emotions on them. Some people are just too uncomfortable witnessing suffering first hand, even if it's fiction and what they are witnessing is a TV show. I personally don't share that, but I can see where some come from.I just talked to my mother. She was quite less shocked than I imagined, although she had the feeling that something bad was going to happen during the wedding and the events of course surpased her expectations. But shocked as not wanting to watch it again, not at all!  In fact, she was going to watch it again tonight (and was eager to do so) because she 'wanted to pay more attention to the details'. She was baffled by Roose, though. She didn't see that coming. What she did expect was Jon abandoning Ygritte. Now she thinks all hopes for the Starks rely on Arya. And has waaay too high hopes for Daenerys... and would love to have a dragon herself /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2112	Petyr Stone	2013-06-05	My brother was in this situation as he (a book reader) did decide to warn his prenant wife (non book reader) about the red wedding and let her choose whether to watch it or wait for a description from him.  He said she chose not to watch it and he was glad she didn't as the Talisa stabbing is quite brutal.As another poster said, it's really about how emotional of a soul is she?She is certainly more emotional now that she's pregnant. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I'm probably going to warn her.
2113	Runaway Penguin	2013-06-05	i just warned my unsullied friend that this episode is epic and that we shouldn't watch it with another friend who did not see anything before for MAJOR SPOILERS content. After a bit of resistance I won...
Now I just received a loosely parapharsed "You were right, it was f***ing epic"
2114	Runaway Penguin	2013-06-05	Anyway I guess the Ep 10 will contain some stuff to sweeten the pot for Stark fans - Hound + Arya; Maybe Sansa showing finally some wit (if applicable) when being taunted by Joffrey, and most of all Jon Snow Doin' the Right Thing.
Plus ample female nudity to fulfill the quota /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2115	Janicia	2013-06-05	My friend was unhappy that all of the adult Starks are gone now.  He wanted an adult Stark to start vengencing.  Then he wondered if maybe that would be Arya.  
He also has no interest in Rickon, Bran, or Sam.
2116	teemo	2013-06-05	My friend (Unsullied) was convinced Talisa was a spy all the way until the end. lol.  And she STILL doesn't trust her.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 07:00 PM.
2117	mitzi's hiss	2013-06-05	Watched with my unsullied bf.
I had told him I was very excited to watch this episode.  I'd told him it was a scene that made the show people originally want to adapt the books to tv.  So he started guessing, "Is it the dragons?  It's the dragons, isn't it?  I bet there's a big battle scene with the dragons!"
With about 20 minutes left to go, he said, "Is anything going to happen in this episode?  I thought you said this episode was a big deal."
Then the big door closed and Catelyn looked up to the musicians on the balcony.
Bf says "Uh oh. Why are they playing the Lannister song?"
Then, "It's a hit!  It's a mob hit!!!"
Then, "Who is that dog?"  (Meaning Grey Wind, not Sandor)
And when Catelyn held the knife to Mrs Frey's throat, "Oh, he doesn't care about his wife!"
And he actually leaned in towards the TV during the entire scene.  I think at the very end he said, "Oh.  Brutal."  Which is a huge reaction for him, because he rarely gets emotional about television shows.  I think he also said, "So that's it?  The Starks are pretty much wiped out?"  He also wanted to know if Edmure was killed.  And he wanted to know if there are going to be more scenes with Arya and Sandor because, "those two are really funny together."
Of course after credits rolled, it was hard for him to get a word in, because I was too busy shrieking, "Do you have ANY IDEA how hard it was for me not to give any spoilers for THREE YEARS?!!!!"
2118	Buddhy	2013-06-05	Watched with my unsullied bf.I had told him I was very excited to watch this episode.  I'd told him it was a scene that made the show people originally want to adapt the books to tv.  So he started guessing, "Is it the dragons?  It's the dragons, isn't it?  I bet there's a big battle scene with the dragons!"With about 20 minutes left to go, he said, "Is anything going to happen in this episode?  I thought you said this episode was a big deal."Then the big door closed and Catelyn looked up to the musicians on the balcony.Bf says "Uh oh. Why are they playing the Lannister song?"Then, "It's a hit!  It's a mob hit!!!"Then, "Who is that dog?"  (Meaning Grey Wind, not Sandor)And when Catelyn held the knife to Mrs Frey's throat, "Oh, he doesn't care about his wife!"And he actually leaned in towards the TV during the entire scene.  I think at the very end he said, "Oh.  Brutal."  Which is a huge reaction for him, because he rarely gets emotional about television shows.  I think he also said, "So that's it?  The Starks are pretty much wiped out?"  He also wanted to know if Edmure was killed.  And he wanted to know if there are going to be more scenes with Arya and Sandor because, "those two are really funny together."Of course after credits rolled, it was hard for him to get a word in, because I was too busy shrieking, "Do you have ANY IDEA how hard it was for me not to give any spoilers for THREE YEARS?!!!!"I would've been so proud if my girl/boyfriend recognised the Rains of Castamere as "the Lannister song".
2119	aedalia	2013-06-05	My colleague was shocked. He didn't see it coming at all and said he felt sad after watching.
Reading everyone's comments about their unsullied actually makes me kinda happy. I know it's weird, but Robb and Cat had so little screen time, part of me was convinced it wouldn't have the same impact on them that it did on readers.
2120	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	So much for all of the "They've butchered Robb and Cat no one is even going to care about the RW" crap that went on here for several weeks.
2121	Bastard Walder	2013-06-05	So much for all of the "They've butchered Robb and Cat no one is even going to care about the RW" crap that went on here for several weeks.Haha, I remember that completely."the sad thing is i doubt anyone will care when robb and cat (who is that? she doesn't even get any lines!!!!) are killed because they completely BUTCHERED the storyline and there werent enough minor characters. god my prediction of what will happen just goes to show how little D&D understand the source material /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> "
2122	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-05	Well in all fairness, there are many people who said they didn't care about them but were really upset that it happened. They were upset on principle, because they were the main good guys. Or they were mad at the disgusting way it was done. But I think people had good reason to think people wouldn't care. It doesn't really make sense that they do. They just laid it on really thick last episode
"I wanna name him Eddard."
"Perhaps I've made a terrible mistake"
etc
2123	teemo	2013-06-05	I have told my boyfriend like a bazillion times about the RW in detail and he never remembers.  I even told him multiple times I was excited about Rains of Castamere and why a whole week up until it it aired and FINALLY, when Cat sees the chainmail, he says, "oh this is the wedding massacare one?" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> He didn't really say anything except, "god, that's brutal" when Talisa kept getting stabbed in the stomach.  He was surprised to hear she was pregnant because he fell asleep during that scene when she announced it.  He didn't remember anyone's name at the wedding. Well, except Edmure is "Brutus," of course.  Lame. I wish he liked this show.  Will he ever get past Ned and Robert dying, damnit!??!  I swear, it seems like he has hated GoT with a passion ever since Ned got the ax.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 09:41 PM.
2124	mitzi's hiss	2013-06-05	I would've been so proud if my girl/boyfriend recognised the Rains of Castamere as "the Lannister song".Yes, I was impressed.I also find it fascinating to see what he can follow on the show or what things need explaining.i.e. He wasn't entirely too sure who Edmure was, and he wasn't really too clear on who Roose Bolton was.
2125	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Well in all fairness, there are many people who said they didn't care about them but were really upset that it happened. They were upset on principle, because they were the main good guys. Or they were mad at the disgusting way it was done. But I think people had good reason to think people wouldn't care. It doesn't really make sense that they do. They just laid it on really thick last episode"I wanna name him Eddard.""Perhaps I've made a terrible mistake"etcPlease keep telling us how the ridiculous outpouring of Stark love and RW hate all over the Internet makes no sense and only exists because of emotion baiting.
2126	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-05	Please keep telling us how the ridiculous outpouring of Stark love and RW hate all over the Internet makes no sense and only exists because of emotion baiting.It doesn't. Why else would these people who said they were weary of the story and didn't care about the characters suddenly care about the characters? And I didn't say it was entirely because of emotion baiting. I was referring to the people who said they didn't care about them. It was reasonable to think that they wouldn't be affected by it, because they'd already stated "ugh boring storyline, don't care." It was NOT reasonable to expect them to swear off the show and stomp their feet and rant on the car ride to work.Again, I am only referring to the people who said they were indifferent but then flipped a shit.
2127	Lucky	2013-06-05	Epic day in TV for me.. a watcher that never knew to read it.  Fuggin awesome!
2128	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	It doesn't. Why else would these people who said they were weary of the story and didn't care about the characters suddenly care about the characters? And I didn't say it was entirely because of emotion baiting. I was referring to the people who said they didn't care about them. It was reasonable to think that they wouldn't be affected by it, because they'd already stated "ugh boring storyline, don't care." It was NOT reasonable to expect them to swear off the show and stomp their feet and rant on the car ride to work.Again, I am only referring to the people who said they were indifferent but then flipped a shit.Oh, we'll I'm not. I'm saying the eternal pessimists here proclaimed that the story sucked so much that no one will care about the RW. I think it's safe to say that the average viewer didn't share those sentiments. If you didn't care about Robb and Cat before the RW on the show I don't see how that's different to readers who didn't care too much about them before the RW, of which there are many in the book forums.
2129	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-05	Ah, I see. Well there were a few who were just being needlessly pessimistic, but for some people it was based off of their friends and family saying they weren't interested in what happened to Robb and Cat, and didn't care what happens in that story. I think they only didn't care because they took it for granted how that story would end. You know, the hero would suffer setbacks but come out on top, eventually.  When something is shaping up to be like what you're used to, it's hard for it to stand next to unique things like Jaime losing his hand, political intrigue and backstabbing, and still be engaging
2130	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Yeah, but that shows sort of the fickle nature of us humans. A lot of people proclaimed they didn't care but once they saw the end, all of a sudden everything in hindsight was much more interesting. I actually felt that way while reading Jon Snow. He can be so brutally boring sometimes but come aDwD I felt I needed a Jon reread after I finished the book.
However I still think that the whole "My friends hate Robb they butchered it" is terrible reasoning since everyone I know that's unsullied have either Cat or Robb as one of their favorites, more so Robb though. It's just anecdotal and we were never really going to know the extent of the general viewerships feelings toward the RW until it aired, and I think we can quite comfortably say that they cared a lot.
2131	teemo	2013-06-05	Finally got ahold of my sister for his opinion.  "I was surprised but not as shocked as when Ned died.  And I really hated Robb."  Gah.
2132	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Finally got ahold of my sister for his opinion.  "I was surprised but not as shocked as when Ned died.  And I really hated Robb."  Gah.That's good IMO though /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> The fact that many people liked him and many people didn't means they at least captured the idea that no characters are really heroes and people will interpret them in different ways. They've also managed to do this quite well with Jaime since for the most part he's basically just like book Jaime if a little less arrogant after his maiming (on the show).
2133	teemo	2013-06-05	That's good IMO though /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> The fact that many people liked him and many people didn't means they at least captured the idea that no characters are really heroes and people will interpret them in different ways. They've also managed to do this quite well with Jaime since for the most part he's basically just like book Jaime if a little less arrogant after his maiming (on the show).She doesn't really mean it in a "I hate Joffrey" kind of way.  She hates him because she thinks he's an overall badly written character and thinks the romance with him and Talisa is extremely cheesy and stupid.  Did like Cat a lot though.  Mostly saddened by Grey Wind, of course. lol.
2134	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Ah. My own sister dislikes Robb because she says he's really not that great of a guy, he thinks he's like his father but he's not. She loves Cat though and says she's the only person around there that speaks sense.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 June 2013 - 11:18 PM.
2135	hedgeknight001	2013-06-05	So basically you're saying everyone who can appreciate the guts it took to do that to beloved characters, and the powerful emotions it inspires, is a psycho?It depends what the desired end result is -- if the purpose of the RW is simply to see reasonably decent and good people slaughtered, then a person who is satisfied by it *is* pretty sick.  There has to be a reason for such a tragedy and one that ultimately ends with a sense of justice prevailing.(Incidentally, GRRM is not the first, best, or only epic fantasy writer to impart a sense of tragedy within the context of his story -- Tolkien did so 75 years ago. Gandalf's fall in Moria ring a bell? Theoden on Pelennor?)My point was that the vast majority of HBO's GoT viewers are non-readers and therefore are not aware that, yes, it appears that the Starks will get justice, albeit imperfect and much delayed. But will those viewers stick with the show?
2136	greywindsrage	2013-06-06	The moment that Frey closed the doors and the Rains started playing, my friend looked at me and asked: "What is happening?" I was so frightened and nervous at that point that the only thing I was able to say was a silent "I dunno". He agreed that that scene was way worse and more shocking than Ned's beheading, because three important characters were killed at a wedding, in addition he hated that they killed Grey Wind.I feel his pain.
2137	Rhaquentis	2013-06-06	My mother actually liked Walder Frey in the beginning and said: "He understands Robb" but when the doors closed she started feeling something was off: "Oh no, why did he close the doors?", and then of course, after Roose and the mail, she put her hands on her head: "Oh no, treason??? No! Really???" , followed by gasping noises and that she did not expect that at all xD
After three days, I told her that there's only one episode left now and she told me: "Eh, what's the point now? It's all over". Depressed mom is depressed!
2138	Rashtibram	2013-06-06	they just looked at me and said, 'wait, i thought robb was the main character?'
2139	ManBearPig	2013-06-06	I don't get all these folk saying they're done.  I bet most of them are full of it.  They cut Ned's head off and the audience continued to grow.  
Of course the whole idea is that you should be screaming "NOOOOOoooooooo" and be angry and upset that the chance to avenge Ned would appear to be gone, as I was, but at the same time I was also really pleased that GRRM had hit me with a curve ball (again)  and that my expectations were being challenged, and I could finally look forward to reading a book that didn't finish with the line "and they all lived happily ever after"      
This reminds me of years ago when Titanic was released and TFI Friday showed a "supposed" clip of the alternative ending which had been made for the US market  where they turned the ship in time and managed to avoid the iceberg:-
"Iceberg dead ahead"  
"It's ok we just missed it" 
"yeahhhhhhhhh" 
You don't have to be a psychopath to be happy that your not being fed the same old predictable rubbish over and over and over again.
					
					
							Edited by ManBearPig, 06 June 2013 - 07:06 AM.
2140	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-06	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=DggW-BRrqXEGreat episode review from Byron and Dino.
2141	BurningCandle	2013-06-06	It depends what the desired end result is -- if the purpose of the RW is simply to see reasonably decent and good people slaughtered, then a person who is satisfied by it *is* pretty sick.  There has to be a reason for such a tragedy and one that ultimately ends with a sense of justice prevailing.(Incidentally, GRRM is not the first, best, or only epic fantasy writer to impart a sense of tragedy within the context of his story -- Tolkien did so 75 years ago. Gandalf's fall in Moria ring a bell? Theoden on Pelennor?)My point was that the vast majority of HBO's GoT viewers are non-readers and therefore are not aware that, yes, it appears that the Starks will get justice, albeit imperfect and much delayed.But will those viewers stick with the show?I hope all of them stick with the show, seeing how if the theories are right Mhysa has two different meanings, and one is going to give us a very satisfying round of justice.
2142	lyanna_maria	2013-06-06	My friend knew that Robb was going to die, but he didn't imagine it would be so soon and so... savage. He said "you should have seen my face<U+0080>", and he's especially shocked about the Talisa stabbing - he can't get it out of his head, he thought it was too strong. He also liked the moment in which Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s throat is cut, he said it was a powerful image.He thinks Arya is kind of a jinx: everytime she gets near a relative, they die. Also, he predicted that she is going to go across the Narrow Sea, learn a few things and come back to Westeros being a badass killer to cause some trouble. He swears and swears he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t read spoilers, so I am stunned with the accuracy of the prediction!!! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> He HATES Jon Snow for leaving Ygritte. He loved the couple and actually expected them to be together forever and ever: he says Jon is a jerk and *insults insults* and he<U+0080><U+0099>ll never forgive him for not having taken Ygritte and run away with her to be happy ever after. I told him Ygritte is a wildling who wants to kill Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s brothers, but he argues that she loves him and saved his life and protected him against her own people, and he doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t care about anything else. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by lyanna_maria, 06 June 2013 - 09:24 AM.
2143	Teardrops	2013-06-06	If there wasn't an audience for this sort of gritty realism (even in a fantasy genre) then networks like "Investigation Discovery" wouldn't exist.I don't think it's the same actually. Those kind of shows are like CSI with the 'only' difference that those are stories about real people. You can feel for the victim, get moved by those stories but you already know that it won't end well. You know what  you are watching. GOT, instead, catches a lot of people off guard and some doesn't like it.This 'gritty realism' is just not eveyone's cup of tea and I really can't blame who want to stop watching.That's the thing. When you read the newspaper you don't see those people. Besides, you never knew them, much less have invested time or even projected emotions on them. Some people are just too uncomfortable witnessing suffering first hand, even if it's fiction and what they are witnessing is a TV show. I personally don't share that, but I can see where some come from.Yeah. He was really, REALLY invested in Robb's arc. I almost feel guility maybe I should have warned him. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />Anyway I talked today with the other one in my group of viewers who want to quit and for him it's not a matter of being unable to accept a story that is realistic ( it is realistic only when it suits him ) for him what GRRM did it's more a matter of  trying to be unpredictable at any cost and lacking ideas for doing it so let's kill Tom, Dick and Harry.He never expected , after Ned's death, a typical journey for Robb and saw potential in his character and his plot  the author really could have done something different with him.. alive  but what really made him decide to stop watching is what happen next ( after the episode he read the summeries of the last two books)  It's like a very long and repetitive essay on  "how to ruining your own life, the art of backstabbing, 100 reasons why being honorable sucks" What's the point? I'm not going to sit there watching people I really don't care about hurting themselves and wandering around  waiting for winter to finally come.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 06 June 2013 - 09:36 AM.
2144	Tirilei	2013-06-06	I don't think it's the same actually. Those kind of shows are like CSI with the 'only' difference that those are stories about real people. You can feel for the victim, get moved by those stories but you already know that it won't end well. You know what  you are watching. GOT, instead, catches a lot of people off guard and some doesn't like it.This 'gritty realism' is just not eveyone's cup of tea and I really can't blame who want to stop watching.Yeah. He was really, REALLY invested in Robb's arc. I almost feel guility maybe I should have warned him. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />Anyway I talked today with the other one in my group of viewers who want to quit and for him it's not a matter of being unable to accept a story that is realistic ( &laquo;it is realistic only when it suits him&raquo; ) for him what GRRM did it's more a matter of &laquo; trying to be unpredictable at any cost and lacking ideas for doing it so let's kill Tom, Dick and Harry&raquo;.He never expected , after Ned's death, a typical journey for Robb and saw potential in his character and his plot &laquo; the author really could have done something different with him.. alive &raquo; but what really made him decide to stop watching is what happen next ( after the episode he read the summeries of the last two books) &laquo; It's like a very long and repetitive essay on  "how to ruining your own life, the art of backstabbing, 100 reasons why being honorable sucks" What's the point? I'm not going to sit there watching people I really don't care about hurting themselves and wandering around  waiting for winter to finally come&raquo;.Very good points and well expressed. My husband and I are going to cancel HBO tomorrow or Saturday. We only got it so I could watch GoT, after we received the boxed first season as a Christmas gift and watched the second season on Netflix. But now I've lost interest. Maybe some day, once they've finished the last season after all books were written, I'm going to look up the very last episode to see if Jon, Daenerys, Arya and Sansa made it to the end. But until then, I'll turn to other things. Besides:  Summer is coming! For us, right here, now.And I can't wait to see some of the actors in different new projects, like Kit Harington in Pompeii and Richard Madden in Cinderella. That's what I'm taking from this show, a fondness of many actors I hadn't known previously.
2145	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-06	Anyway I talked today with the other one in my group of viewers who want to quit and for him it's not a matter of being unable to accept a story that is realistic ( it is realistic only when it suits him ) for him what GRRM did it's more a matter of  trying to be unpredictable at any cost and lacking ideas for doing it so let's kill Tom, Dick and Harry.He never expected , after Ned's death, a typical journey for Robb and saw potential in his character and his plot  the author really could have done something different with him.. alive  but what really made him decide to stop watching is what happen next ( after the episode he read the summeries of the last two books)  It's like a very long and repetitive essay on  "how to ruining your own life, the art of backstabbing, 100 reasons why being honorable sucks" What's the point? I'm not going to sit there watching people I really don't care about hurting themselves and wandering around  waiting for winter to finally come.I think there is some validity to this point.  I don't think it's a coincidence that killing off all those characters in ASOS, plus the departures of other characters that end conflicts the audience had grown to enjoy, was followed by what many think are the two weakest books in the series.  It's like a fireworks show where you blast off everything in the first 30 seconds.  Amazing to watch, but not much reason to stick around.I think they need Stoneheart to appear this week, and for the BwB to be given a more prominent role next season.  Some mounting sense that the Red Wedding was a very bad thing, and that justice in some form, is stalking everyone involved with it.  The RW should be seen as a shadow looming over everything else in the south, with more references and worries about the consequences expressed by the characters.  And the sooner they can get to White Harbor and "The North Remembers", the better it will be.
2146	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-06	Very good points and well expressed. My husband and I are going to cancel HBO tomorrow or Saturday. We only got it so I could watch GoT, after we received the boxed first season as a Christmas gift and watched the second season on Netflix. But now I've lost interest. Maybe some day, once they've finished the last season after all books were written, I'm going to look up the very last episode to see if Jon, Daenerys, Arya and Sansa made it to the end. But until then, I'll turn to other things.I was going to ask if you guys have read the books, but since you're posting in this thread, I assume you know most of the spoilers anyway.  Do things like Lady Stoneheart, or what happens in the rest of A Storm of Swords, not really matter to you?I mean, I could understand quitting after next season -- I really could.  But there is definitely some justice meted out next season.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 06 June 2013 - 10:18 AM.
2147	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-06	People who say that the Red Wedding 'came out of nowhere' are guilty of not paying attention to the story. It has been clear for a whole season that Roose Bolton and Walder Frey are not to be trusted and are likely candidates to betray Robb. Couple that with Tywin's letters and it is an entirely logical plot twist.
It seem however, that people don't want the protagonists to be punished for their mistakes. If that's the case, they should find another program with fluffy clouds, pink unicorns and egg sandwiches.
2148	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-06	I think there is some validity to this point.  I don't think it's a coincidence that killing off all those characters in ASOS, plus the departures of other characters that end conflicts the audience had grown to enjoy, was followed by what many think are the two weakest books in the series.  It's like a fireworks show where you blast off everything in the first 30 seconds.  Amazing to watch, but not much reason to stick around.I disagree. Firstly the rest of ASOS, which will correspond roughly to Season 4, will be excellent. After that, there is a lull but the direction in which the plot heads is excellent. The main problem with books 4 and 5 is not the direction the plot takes - it's the execution. Those books have so much filler and glacial plot progression. Instead of condensing long travelogues, Martin decides to tell them in full, and his books suffer as a result.All in all, the Red Wedding was a fantastic plot twist and works well in the context of the story. Season 4 will be excellent and seasons after that can be great too if they cut the weak material out and focus on the stronger elements.
2149	wood dragon	2013-06-06	My family doesn't talk to me now.  They are all in shock and can't understand why i was smiling all the time. My brother thinks that we are goping to jump 5 or more years to see Bran or Rickon get revenge.My Answer.Winter is coming....OMG me too!!! except my response....just wait (re Cat) its just a flesh wound /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />......................................................................
2150	BurningCandle	2013-06-06	Anyone who gets so upset that they have to take to Twitter to proclaim their boycott in caps,  clearly is too invested in the show to not come back.I'm pretty sure 99% of those people will return next season.  If not the next episode.Agreed. Hopefully they will all come to their senses, I just tried to talk another co-worker down. He was saying "Man there isn't even a point anymore, f this show I'm not watching it anymore." I assured him there are good things coming, pointed out the man with the Merman pin on his chest who died at the wedding, and told him that dude was important.Hope they don't cut it out next season.
2151	lyanna_maria	2013-06-06	Regarding the Jon thing: I am reading a lot of tuits and reviews from people who agree with my friend that Jon is a total jerk and who don't understand why he did such a thing. I never felt that way when I read it: I thought the love story was very special and quite tragic, and I didn't think Jon made nothing wrong. Have any of your non-reader friends commented on the subject?
2152	grrmforreal	2013-06-06	My wife was silent for a long while and then she simply said that she thought it was a bad show, "Bad GOT!", she said, "Oh my god!".
2153	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-06	GRRM is an amazing writer when you think about it. To be able to stir so much emotion over a single fictonal event, for multiple years. Good job George.I absolutely agree. The books obviously and now the TV show are simply great works of art. Art is supposed to move you and illicit an emotional reaction. Clearly, they have more than succeeded.
2154	poopazoo	2013-06-06	It was great watching with my wife (non-book reader, but I'm leaning on her)  especially after she saw my reactions while reading the book--anyway, when Rains starts playing and Cat has that look of fear/dread, my wife picked up on it & asked," why is she so freaked out.?"  My response was, " this isn't an appropriate song for a wedding."--sound of her breath sucking in, "oh no..."
Then I though how disturbing it was that I enjoyed her going through the same emotions I had when I read the book.
She went to bed depressed that night.
2155	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-06	Regarding the Jon thing: I am reading a lot of tuits and reviews from people who agree with my friend that Jon is a total jerk and who don't understand why he did such a thing. I never felt that way when I read it: I thought the love story was very special and quite tragic, and I didn't think Jon made nothing wrong. Have any of your non-reader friends commented on the subject?Yeah my friend thinks he's a jerk for leaving her too.
2156	ohpooratlas	2013-06-06	My boyfriend was actually more upset about Jon leaving Ygritte than the Red Wedding!  I was almost appalled, but kind of expecting it since he had no investment in the storyline (and when it all comes down to it ... Robb does unfortunately put himself in the position to be betrayed so horrifically.)  With that said ... my coworkers who watch the show are not in the "I'm never watching again!" camp.  They were shocked, but in a good way, as they can appreciate a show that deviates from expectations.  They're very excited to find out what happens next week and both talked about reading the books after this season concludes.
					
					
							Edited by ohpooratlas, 06 June 2013 - 08:21 PM.
2157	teemo	2013-06-06	I gave my friend that I upset in my video (in my sig) a Robb Stark doll today.  She almost cried but was so happy and hugging him. Hah /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  She didn't like my joke though about cutting off his head and putting a wolf doll head on it....
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 09:27 PM.
2158	Mark Antony	2013-06-06	I gave my friend that I upset in my video (in my sig) a Robb Stark doll today.  She almost cried but was so happy and hugging him. Hah /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  She didn't like my joke though about cutting off his head and putting a wolf doll head on it..../lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> that video is hilarious. Your new avi >. I love Jonny Sack.
2159	Michael Snow	2013-06-06	I taped my friend.  Quite humorous, because earlier in the season she begged me to tell me if Robb Stark died and threatened to google him if I didn't tell her.  So I said he did but not for a really long time so she wouldn't see anything coming.  Yeah, she almost killed me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  I think she'll keep watching, but I don't know.  She was seriously done after she thought Bran and Rickon died to the point where I actually had to tell her they weren't dead so she'd keep watching. lol.http://youtu.be/GH6mEvhTEt0This was your video?! I watched this already! Amazing, thanks for that! Tell your friend it gets better.
2160	Tirilei	2013-06-06	------Tirilei, on Today, 08:09 AM, said:Very good points and well expressed. My husband and I are going to cancel HBO tomorrow or Saturday. We only got it so I could watch GoT, after we received the boxed first season as a Christmas gift and watched the second season on Netflix. But now I've lost interest. Maybe some day, once they've finished the last season after all books were written, I'm going to look up the very last episode to see if Jon, Daenerys, Arya and Sansa made it to the end. But until then, I'll turn to other things.-------I was going to ask if you guys have read the books, but since you're posting in this thread, I assume you know most of the spoilers anyway.  Do things like Lady Stoneheart, or what happens in the rest of A Storm of Swords, not really matter to you?I mean, I could understand quitting after next season -- I really could.  But there is definitely some justice meted out next season.No, we haven't. My husband isn't really watching it/paying attention anyway, just I am. And as I have explained to many here, I don't mind reading so-called "spoilers" and sometimes even seek them out or read up on a character on the Wiki pages.  That's why I came to this website. Like reading up on a play before going to a theater or to the opera. So, I just watch the show, but sometimes with a bit of info on what's coming. This wedding massacre wasn't so much "emotional" in my view, as some have called it here. To me, it's more that this "everyone dies" is getting old. "Like a French movie" my husband would say. And that's true, French movies have a tendency towards having everyone die in the end. And I really wanted to see Arya meet up with her mother and brother, even if just briefly, if they had to be torn apart again. That didn't happen, so that was disappointing. I wanted to see the happy surprise in Caitlin and Robb, seeing the long lost daughter and sister alive, seeing that she made it all the way to them and largely by herself. But the way it was written, it was like one of those bad dreams where you are running and running to catch something or make it somewhere, and when you're almost there it slips out of your hands again. I also know that Ygritte will die soon, and she is another one of my favorite characters, so I don't care to see that either. I would have loved to see her introduced to and encounter people with Jon, maybe try on that silk dress they talked about, and then for both of them to find their unique place together, as a "warrior couple" between the two worlds they come from, defying the expectations and rules of both worlds.  An inter-cultural relationship, something I can relate to. Now I'll just follow up on the actors. Some of them also have very interesting personal stories.
					
					
							Edited by Tirilei, 06 June 2013 - 11:42 PM.
2161	Tirilei	2013-06-06	Yeah my friend thinks he's a jerk for leaving her too.I just didn't understand why he still had to ride away. Only Ygritte and the big red-haired guy (what's his name again?) were still alive, so why did he run? He could have asked Ygritte if she was coming with him or not. Also, didn't he recognize those wolves? And, to back up to the beginning of that scene, why did he even allow the warg guy to push him into a corner like that?  I mean, those wildlings appreciate individualism, so the big guy would have probably understood if Jon had responded to the other guy's pressuring him about killing the old man by telling him something like "F u... I do what I want and won't take orders from you!" So that was a bit lame.
2162	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-07	I just didn't understand why he still had to ride away. Only Ygritte and the big red-haired guy (what's his name again?) were still alive, so why did he run? He could have asked Ygritte if she was coming with him or not. Also, didn't he recognize those wolves? And, to back up to the beginning of that scene, why did he even allow the warg guy to push him into a corner like that?  I mean, those wildlings appreciate individualism, so the big guy would have probably understood if Jon had responded to the other guy's pressuring him about killing the old man by telling him something like "F u... I do what I want and won't take orders from you!" So that was a bit lame.That's how it happened in the books. He tried that, they accused him of being a crow and Ygritte being a crow's wife or something, Ygritte says "FUQ DAT NOISE" and cuts the guys throat, and the wolves attack. It's much more chaotic in the books and is way better imo. BUT oh well.
2163	lyanna_maria	2013-06-07	I just didn't understand why he still had to ride away. Only Ygritte and the big red-haired guy (what's his name again?) were still alive, so why did he run? He could have asked Ygritte if she was coming with him or not. Also, didn't he recognize those wolves? And, to back up to the beginning of that scene, why did he even allow the warg guy to push him into a corner like that?  I mean, those wildlings appreciate individualism, so the big guy would have probably understood if Jon had responded to the other guy's pressuring him about killing the old man by telling him something like "F u... I do what I want and won't take orders from you!" So that was a bit lame.I think it never crossed his mind that Ygritte would give up her people and her way of life to follow him. Ygritte would never, in the same way he would never leave the Wall or betray the Watch: so he understands this loyalty and wouldn't even ask her to do it. That's the way I understood it when I read the books, more or less.
2164	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-07	No, we haven't. My husband isn't really watching it/paying attention anyway, just I am. And as I have explained to many here, I don't mind reading so-called "spoilers" and sometimes even seek them out or read up on a character on the Wiki pages.  That's why I came to this website. Like reading up on a play before going to a theater or to the opera. So, I just watch the show, but sometimes with a bit of info on what's coming.This wedding massacre wasn't so much "emotional" in my view, as some have called it here. Well therein lies your problem. If you read up on spoilers you are subverting the art of storytelling, so clearly you're not going to feel the same emotional pull as others. The whole point of the Red Wedding is that you believe Robb will go on to be successful if he can just get through this period of things falling apart. As it's a story you expect him to make it. The emotional side comes from the devastation of having your expectations shattered.I don't have much sympathy for people who purposefully look up spoilers and then criticise the storytelling. If Martin wanted people to find out that way, he would have posted the plot summary for the entire series back in 1996.
2165	lyanna_maria	2013-06-07	My friend goes on and on about how Jon and Ygritte should have fled to Essos haha
But, when I asked a general prediction on the ending of the series, he said "Jon will go to Daenerys snd become his friend. She will give him a dragon, and together they will conquer Westeros. She will be in the Iron Throne and he will end up being the Lord of all the North."
I think that's most how he would like it to be, but still, I like it haha
					
					
							Edited by lyanna_maria, 08 June 2013 - 09:18 AM.
2166	BurningCandle	2013-06-07	I'm surprised so many people are being hard on Jon. He's a loyal crow, we all know it, show watcher and book reader alike. Doesn't matter that he loves her, he's been raised by a Stark and a Tully - honor and duty hold more weight with him than love.
2167	protar	2013-06-07	My friend is convinced that Dany's setting off for Westeros by the Season finale. Sigh.
2168	Tirilei	2013-06-07	Well therein lies your problem. If you read up on spoilers you are subverting the art of storytelling, so clearly you're not going to feel the same emotional pull as others. The whole point of the Red Wedding is that you believe Robb will go on to be successful if he can just get through this period of things falling apart. As it's a story you expect him to make it. The emotional side comes from the devastation of having your expectations shattered.I don't have much sympathy for people who purposefully look up spoilers and then criticise the storytelling. If Martin wanted people to find out that way, he would have posted the plot summary for the entire series back in 1996.Then you don't pay attention to what is being criticized. I'm not criticizing the art of story telling or the effectiveness of the story in shocking the viewer. I criticize that this (shock effect) is this particular writer's goal and where he takes his story. He does it very successfully and effectively. But I don't like the "destination" as you might call it, so I tend to get off the train and walk along side as far as I may choose. Maybe that's about staying in control.  Yes, I think that has a lot to do with it. If you don't like where something is going, you refuse to give up control. Then you remain cauteous and refuse to allow the story to take control of your emotions.  Besides: Not everyone gets as emotional about a tv series as some of the people's friends here that are described as crying, etc.  I can cry over tv programs too, but am more likely to do so when I see someone overcoming suffering or showing selflessness and sacrifice in the face of adversity. Suffering animals make me cry right away, that's unbearable. But not some bloody massacre or fighting scenes.
2169	Tirilei	2013-06-07	PS:  Was trying to think of a scene in GoT that made this non-reader cry. One that came to mind was where Catlyn told Talysa about her feelings towards Jon when he was a sick child, how she first prayed for his death, then hated herself for it and prayed for his health. A scene like that, her admitting her emotional dilemma and weakness, and then thinking of a child that wasn't loved by a mother and still grew up to be honest and kind, I found that touching. 
I also found Theon's reflection upon his mistakes touching, though not as much. 
The death of the wolf in the kennel was probably the most touching part of the massacre for me.
2170	Bastard Walder	2013-06-07	I gave my friend that I upset in my video (in my sig) a Robb Stark doll today.  She almost cried but was so happy and hugging him. Hah /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  She didn't like my joke though about cutting off his head and putting a wolf doll head on it....Does she know she's all over the internet? She's in a video with over 7 million views...
2171	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-07	I'm surprised so many people are being hard on Jon. He's a loyal crow, we all know it, show watcher and book reader alike. Doesn't matter that he loves her, he's been raised by a Stark and a Tully - honor and duty hold more weight with him than love.Jon has absolutely not been raised a Tully. He's Ned Stark through and through.
2172	Shadow on the Wall	2013-06-07	Then you don't pay attention to what is being criticized. I'm not criticizing the art of story telling or the effectiveness of the story in shocking the viewer. I criticize that this (shock effect) is this particular writer's goal and where he takes his story. He does it very successfully and effectively. But I don't like the "destination" as you might call it, so I tend to get off the train and walk along side as far as I may choose. Maybe that's about staying in control.  Yes, I think that has a lot to do with it. If you don't like where something is going, you refuse to give up control. Then you remain cauteous and refuse to allow the story to take control of your emotions.  Besides: Not everyone gets as emotional about a tv series as some of the people's friends here that are described as crying, etc.  I can cry over tv programs too, but am more likely to do so when I see someone overcoming suffering or showing selflessness and sacrifice in the face of adversity. Suffering animals make me cry right away, that's unbearable. But not some bloody massacre or fighting scenes.Well I guess we each take different things from the series. Personally, I love putting the pieces together and trying to figure out what is going to happen e.g. taking in the clues from Roose Bolton's handing over of Jaime and Lord Frey's comments etc. To have the plot revealed, to me, takes away a huge part of what the story is about. And I believe GRRM would feel the same way.You're welcome to read ahead and get spoiled, but in such a case you're not experiencing the series as it was meant to be experienced. And as a result it is no doubt less entertaining.
2173	Indigocell	2013-06-07	If you're someone who watches tv because it's an escape, because the plotlines never go outside of your comfort zone, or because you need a main character to support wholeheartedly and be assured they will always win;  Game of Thrones is not made for you.
In fact, you should have realized this after good old Ned lost his head, that really sets the tone for the whole series to follow.
However, if you are someone who enjoys a story where the lines between good and evil are not always clear, with characters you may hate at first then slowly begin to love, with unpredictable plots twists despite hints being dropped constantly for the perceptive (this series is made for rewatching/rereading for all the information to be found between the lines);  Game of Thrones was made for you.
For me, it's not about the destination, I'm just enjoying the ride.
2174	Indigocell	2013-06-07	Unfortunately, most of my Unsullied family do not have the appreciation for a complicated story like I do.  It's almost impossible to start a conversation with them about their thoughts because they still can't even identify characters that have been around forever.  My mother in particular says she has a hard time distinguishing all the "old bearded men" from one another, lol.
Their reactions were pretty generic as a result.  My mother knew something was wrong as soon as the doors closed, she didn't really like Catelynn and thought Robb made some terrible choices, but didn't think they deserved such brutality.  No one saw it coming until it was too late.
She knows Arya well and feels bad for her because she just can't catch a break.  She still talks about "A man" who was one of her favorite characters (Jaqen).  She actually wants to rewatch the Red Wedding, which I think is a first.
					
					
							Edited by Indigocell, 07 June 2013 - 07:51 PM.
2175	franko99	2013-06-07	I'm surprised so many people are being hard on Jon. He's a loyal crow, we all know it, show watcher and book reader alike. Doesn't matter that he loves her, he's been raised by a Stark and a Tully - honor and duty hold more weight with him than love.Well, then TV!Robb obviosly never understood what being raised by a Stark and Tully means lol
2176	franko99	2013-06-07	My friend is convinced that Dany's setting off for Westeros by the Season finale. Sigh.May I ask why? She clearly refuse to take the ships and gold and decided to stay and free the slaves. There was nothing the last episodes or the preview for ep10 that suggest that?If you're someone who watches tv because it's an escape, because the plotlines never go outside of your comfort zone, or because you need a main character to support wholeheartedly and be assured they will always win;  Game of Thrones is not made for you.In fact, you should have realized this after good old Ned lost his head, that really sets the tone for the whole series to follow.However, if you are someone who enjoys a story where the lines between good and evil are not always clear, with characters you may hate at first then slowly begin to love, with unpredictable plots twists despite hints being dropped constantly for the perceptive (this series is made for rewatching/rereading for all the information to be found between the lines);  Game of Thrones was made for you.For me, it's not about the destination, I'm just enjoying the ride.I couldn't agree more /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2177	White Corvus	2013-06-07	I read the first three books on a friends recomendation in 2001 shortly after book three was released and then did the long wait for book four in 2005 and book five in 2011.  During that time I have convinced a few friends to read the books too, which is rewarding since there is so much to discuss.  I talked several more friends and co-workers into watching the series and it has been interesting seeing the various reactions from people.  Whenever someone I know starts to read or watch Game of Thrones I stress that an unusual characteristic of these stories is that no character is safe from the author.  The Red Wedding has really impacted all of the Unsullied I know who have been watching the show and one of them is saying that she is done and won't watch any more episodes because for her all of the characters that GRRM developed and made her care about are dead and all that is left is assholes or characters that don't have enough invested in them for her to care about.  I guess we'll see next year how many people claiming that they are done with the show actually stick with that decision.  I think I convinced my friend to watch the next episode because it is the only one left to wrap up the season  I'll find out next week I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Hodor?, 07 June 2013 - 10:18 PM.
2178	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	After watching the scene, and seeing all the gifs on tumblr, my friend told me she thinks Talisa more looks like she's gotten something spilled on her than stabbed, from the way she reacts. (She's never found her to be a very good actress. Which I'm glad since that makes us good friends to be of the same opinion lol.) I hadn't thought about it like that but her saying that I found extremely funny. She was definitely more upset over Catelyn, Robb, and Grey Wind and has never cared for her character.
2179	lyanna_maria	2013-06-08	I'm surprised so many people are being hard on Jon. He's a loyal crow, we all know it, show watcher and book reader alike. Doesn't matter that he loves her, he's been raised by a Stark and a Tully - honor and duty hold more weight with him than love.I am very, very surprised too. My friend even suggested that he "took her with him to the Wall, and she could be like a heroin" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> I'm guessing he said in the anger of the moment and didn't really think it(now he's rooting for the "flee across the Narrow Sea" plan) because then it would mean he hasn't understood a thing about the Watch, the wildling, Jon or Ygritte.
2180	Ghost's Shadow	2013-06-08	Jon Snow was NEVER raised by a Tully. *shakes head*
2181	GoldenFleece	2013-06-08	My boyfriend was actually more upset about Jon leaving Ygritte than the Red Wedding!  I was almost appalled, but kind of expecting it since he had no investment in the storyline (and when it all comes down to it ... Robb does unfortunately put himself in the position to be betrayed so horrifically.)  With that said ... my coworkers who watch the show are not in the "I'm never watching again!" camp.  They were shocked, but in a good way, as they can appreciate a show that deviates from expectations.  They're very excited to find out what happens next week and both talked about reading the books after this season concludes.Yeah I would say that Jon lost a few fans last episode.This guy sums up his frustration with Jon, the way he says it is hilarious.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=CKbJLf1xvYA
2182	BurningCandle	2013-06-09	Well, then TV!Robb obviosly never understood what being raised by a Stark and Tully means lolHe never did, even in the books. Jon is more Ned's son than Robb, he chooses duty over pretty much everything.Jon Snow was NEVER raised by a Tully. *shakes head*Nonsense, Catelyn hated him but there's no doubt she was very influencial. No way he grew up around her and her children and took nothing from it.
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 09 June 2013 - 01:24 AM.
2183	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	Jon Snow was NEVER raised by a Tully. *shakes head*EXACTLY. I was just about to say the same thing.
2184	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	I think it was implied by whoever posted that. (wasn't me anyway) I don't think juxtaposing mediocre battle sequences against "excellent" betrayal sequences is a proper comparison as to which type of sequence holds more or less intrinsic value.I question HBO viewer loyalty as well. It's a pretty nasty kick in the balls to be fair to them. I can understand their outrage, though I didn't expect so much of it. Twitter is raging with people allegedly canceling their HBO subscriptions, cursing GRRM's name, and saying they are "DONE" with Game of Thrones.Simple thing is, people want justice. There's enough injustice in reality, there's no need to sit through it every Sunday night. As far as we know, nothing on the scale of the Red Wedding will happen again, but I wouldn't be surprised if Martin (attempting to be shocking and edgy) did the same shit again just to get a reaction. I don't blame people at all for not wanting to be part of that.Tyrion, Arya, and Dany are still alive and well. I kind of hate to see what will happen to them in the last book of the series.Exactly. One of my friends who want to stop watching the show said to me "If I want to see how much cruel and evil people can be all I have to do is read a newspaper or something. The difference is that at least on the newspaper I can find good news too."Quite so. This story is excessively cruel and hopeless.
2185	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	It's Utopian vs. Dystopian theory.We either watch happy stuff to escape our lives, or we watch sad stuff to make our lives seem better.Watched with my unsullied bf.I had told him I was very excited to watch this episode.  I'd told him it was a scene that made the show people originally want to adapt the books to tv.  So he started guessing, "Is it the dragons?  It's the dragons, isn't it?  I bet there's a big battle scene with the dragons!"With about 20 minutes left to go, he said, "Is anything going to happen in this episode?  I thought you said this episode was a big deal."Then the big door closed and Catelyn looked up to the musicians on the balcony.Bf says "Uh oh. Why are they playing the Lannister song?"Then, "It's a hit!  It's a mob hit!!!"Then, "Who is that dog?"  (Meaning Grey Wind, not Sandor)And when Catelyn held the knife to Mrs Frey's throat, "Oh, he doesn't care about his wife!"And he actually leaned in towards the TV during the entire scene.  I think at the very end he said, "Oh.  Brutal."  Which is a huge reaction for him, because he rarely gets emotional about television shows.  I think he also said, "So that's it?  The Starks are pretty much wiped out?"  He also wanted to know if Edmure was killed.  And he wanted to know if there are going to be more scenes with Arya and Sandor because, "those two are really funny together."Of course after credits rolled, it was hard for him to get a word in, because I was too busy shrieking, "Do you have ANY IDEA how hard it was for me not to give any spoilers for THREE YEARS?!!!!"LOL. Tell me about it.I don't think it's the same actually. Those kind of shows are like CSI with the 'only' difference that those are stories about real people. You can feel for the victim, get moved by those stories but you already know that it won't end well. You know what  you are watching. GOT, instead, catches a lot of people off guard and some doesn't like it.This 'gritty realism' is just not eveyone's cup of tea and I really can't blame who want to stop watching.It is gritty, but it's not realistic. You have people commiting terrible betrayals for story purposes. Betrayals that make no sense.Yeah. He was really, REALLY invested in Robb's arc. I almost feel guility maybe I should have warned him. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />Anyway I talked today with the other one in my group of viewers who want to quit and for him it's not a matter of being unable to accept a story that is realistic ( it is realistic only when it suits him ) for him what GRRM did it's more a matter of  trying to be unpredictable at any cost and lacking ideas for doing it so let's kill Tom, Dick and Harry.He never expected , after Ned's death, a typical journey for Robb and saw potential in his character and his plot  the author really could have done something different with him.. alive  but what really made him decide to stop watching is what happen next ( after the episode he read the summeries of the last two books)  It's like a very long and repetitive essay on  "how to ruining your own life, the art of backstabbing, 100 reasons why being honorable sucks" What's the point? I'm not going to sit there watching people I really don't care about hurting themselves and wandering around  waiting for winter to finally come.I was going to ask if you guys have read the books, but since you're posting in this thread, I assume you know most of the spoilers anyway.  Do things like Lady Stoneheart, or what happens in the rest of A Storm of Swords, not really matter to you?I mean, I could understand quitting after next season -- I really could.  But there is definitely some justice meted out next season.Revenge is not justice. Nothing can undo what has been done.
2186	Lancastrian Rose	2013-06-09	LOL. Tell me about it.It is gritty, but it's not realistic. You have people commiting terrible betrayals for story purposes. Betrayals that make no sense.Revenge is not justice. Nothing can undo what has been done.Hello everyone, I have been a lurker for a while and this is my first post.  I have been very intrigued with the reactions to the RW episode, and in particular to the comments like the ones above, that GRRM has been killing off his main characters too frequently, for simple shock value, and that it is not realistic.  Well, GRRM is supposed to have used the War of the Roses for his inspiration and if you look at the history of this period, you will see that the monarchs and their heirs, and their various powerful allies and spouses lead an incredibly precarious existence and are all too frequently betrayed, usurped, imprisoned, disinherited, and murdered.  The real battle for the throne was never a war between the 'good' guys and the 'bad' guys, but an internecine power struggle between interrelated factions who all believed they had the legitimate right to the throne, and would do whatever it took to acquire it.  GRRM has stated in interviews that he wanted his books to eschew conventional fantasy storytelling and reflect a historical realism, which is what makes his books so exceptional in their subversion of the genre.  But I guess many people who have been watching GofT haven't quite realised until now (the hard way!) that they are not watching a conventional drama with recognisable plotlines and stereotypical one dimensional characters, but an epic saga with myriad characters of varying complexities and competing agendas, who exist in a world where there can be only two outcomes: victory, or death.
					
					
							Edited by Lancastrian Rose, 09 June 2013 - 10:42 AM.
2187	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	It is gritty, but it's not realistic. You have people commiting terrible betrayals for story purposes. Betrayals that make no sense.Which betrayals don't make sense to you?
2188	Rebekah	2013-06-09	I think what confuses me and bothers me is the idea that the destination is hopeless. We don't know what the actual destination of the narrative is. We're still several books away from that. Book readers and show watchers alike might be able to speculate on that point but we don't actually know. The Red Wedding is in the middle of the narrative, the point at which in even a traditional tale the lives of the protagonists would be getting more complicated. Yes it comes at the end of the season in the show but no one thinks this is the end of the series. So why are we treating this as if it tells us how the story is going to end?
2189	Duir	2013-06-09	I'm disappointed over my unsullied friends reactions. They hardly reacted at all, it was more like ""Hey - what a twist!" and they find it to be good tv and entertainment.
Then they said that they now root for Khaleesi since all the Starks are dead (apparently they can't count) and expect her to set sail and cross the sea in the next episode, since everything is going soooooo smooth for the dragon queen.
I smiled and said nothing.
Sweet summer children.
2190	ohpooratlas	2013-06-09	I would not say the destination is hopeless. It's easy to feel that way given our last episode ended on such a hopeless note. But let's examine season 1 for a moment: Ned Stark, the titular character of the first season, dies because of the whim of a vindictive child-King. What happens the next episode? Dany births dragons back into the world. We have some great moments to look forward to in season 4, and potentially in the next episode as well. There are good moments and bad moments. There are really, really bad moments but there are still plenty of really, really good moments to look forward to as well. With all the tragedy in the series, it makes those few sprinkled moments of happiness all the better because we know how precious and rare they can be.
2191	Eric Xayavong	2013-06-09	My friend caught on with the leeches. Expects Balon and Joff to die as well and is satisfied with this.
2192	APointyEnd	2013-06-09	My friends thought the Red Wedding was boring. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> They say that Robb was stupid not to have bodyguards.
2193	Lord Freypie	2013-06-10	My best non reading friend was pissed that Talysa wasn't a spy.
He got more emotive about the show makers using stupid red herrings like her letters in valyrian than the whole RW strangely.
Another, the main Robb fan I know, announced he now root for Tyrion, now the only hero of the serie for him (he has somehow convinced himself that Tyrion will be converted to wolfism by Sansa and avenge Robb with the help of Jaime and Brienne).
My sister was disgusted by the brutality of the murders and now forbid her 13 years old son to continue to watch the serie.
Only one in 5 or 6 was really surprised by Robb's death, but most were still shocked with how it happened.
2194	Hellswung	2013-09-10	My mum knew it was coming the moment Walder Frey said "let the wine flow!" Shes a sharp one, she is. Lucky Dad, lucky you.Gotta respect a person with instincts like that
2195	Rysler	2013-10-05	Watched the episode ten minutes ago with my friend... Even though I had read the books and knew what was coming, it hit pretty hard. But my friend didn't bat an eye, which pissed me off. He told me I'm taking it too seriously! Good to know some people felt something for Cat, Robb and his men.
2196	bloodsteel bitterraven	2013-10-10	I was talking to a guy on a trip who had never read the books but is a huge fan of the show. I think it was a few days after the last episode of season 3 had ended. We were discussing what could happen to the Stark kids, and I said that Sansa will probably play an important role in the future, but he wasn't convinced. I used the example of Dany to show him how characters can grow, but he said that Dany was a strong character from the beginning. His favorite character was Bran who he said is a God!
2197	bobbybuilderton	2013-10-22	Daenerys a strong character from the beginning? What show was he watching?
2198	Aldark	2014-05-19	I've read the books last autumn , these days my father watches the show , so now that he was in this episode , i decided to watch it with him. Well he was shocked as he told me and he doesn't know who he's gonna support now...Well, the show actually made it more dramatic than it was in the book , well i din't like the fact that Robb's wife was in the wedding and pregnant (they first stroke the unborn baby that would take Ned's name...that was sad... ) , well when it finished , i was like: "Hah , George Martin pranked you!  "
2199	The Fourth Head	2014-06-11	Watched it last year, but doing a little personal recap.

My bf didn't understand why Cat was looking so worried when the Rains of Castamere started playing, which pissed me off and forced me to have to explain in the middle of an oh-so-short tension building sequence that "it's a Lannister song which is a bit inappropriate". That song should have set the pulse racing, but the show had clearly failed to ingrain the connection between the acoustic tune and the story, or how the tune is used as a threat that families who challenge Lannisters get wiped out. They had played the tune loads, and Cersei had told her story, but the tune and the story and the threat wasn't as one. They were disconnected.

Worse, when the crossbowmen came out, Walder Frey looked up at them in a way that suggested he was alarmed, before settling down happily so he asked "did Walder Frey know about this or not?" which leaves me furious every time I see that shot - as if spontaneous rage had broken out at Robb's wife being pregnant and Walder Frey was happy being along for the ride. I think he was being a bit dumb, but that thought should never have been allowed to cross his mind if D&D had build the tension, dread and denial properly at that point. Knowing that this was a spitefully preconceived trap laid by many people whilst in the midst of it added to the hopelessness and pain when reading it, which is so much more powerful than "oh hell, they've all lost their heads!" before steadily learning that it was a plan.
2200	Katydid	2013-06-02	Dammit!  I wanted to see her shred her own face and laugh hysterically!  I know CG/make-up would have been nightmarish for Stoneheart, but still...dammit!
2201	Ran	2013-06-02	Everything else was operatic, so why they pulled away to a catatonic Catelyn, I do not know. I didn't care for it at all.
2202	KhalFrodo	2013-06-02	Her catatonic state at the end of the episode was my only issue. I thought the whole episode was brilliant. The way Talisa was killed made up for the lack of bannermen. I dare say that seeing the unborn prince slaughtered had more of an impact on me than all the deaths in the novel.
2203	Autopath	2013-06-02	I'm glad there was no face-shredding, and unlike the previous posters, I thought her reaction was PERFECT.  It was the picture of utter and complete desolation. Her world was shattered and in that moment she was nothing but a void of despair.
2204	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-02	I admit, I also wanted to see Cat shred her face, just because I wanted Stoneheart to look like a ragged doll.  But I thought they worked it well.  Cat's last scene in the book clearly shows her going crazy.  There are a lot of ways to show a person who has a mental break.  Catatonia is clearly one of those ways, very obviously Cat went mad with grief.  It also had the effect of making the audience feel catatonic, which was sorta cool.
2205	Fat Mac	2013-06-02	I was confused by catatonic Cat, but I didn't care much based on how well the rest of it was executed.
2206	Mark Antony	2013-06-02	I loved, Michelle Fairley killed it.
2207	cybobbie	2013-06-02	Well I think it was perfect, different from the book, but still great IMO. I thought that she would shred her face in the end, but I'm ok that they decided to go the way they did. Her catatonic state in the end was very touching and had a great impact for me.
2208	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-02	Thought she was absolutely riveting.  Shock, horror, anger, disbelief, desperation all at the same time.
That's the one part of the books I've never reread, and I'm glad for it.  Rather than watching it while doing a line by line mental comparison, I just watched the scene as they presented it, on its own merits.
Won't do a rematch.  At least, not for awhile.  Too much hurt.
2209	Lord Bored	2013-06-02	Not sure how well the 'going crazy and scratching up her face' would've translated onto the screen. I thought how they did it was perfect. She was complete and utter shock. Seeing her (from what she knew) last-living son, the center of her existence, die, and then committing her own act of murder. The reaction made total sense, imo.
2210	Brandon Stark	2013-06-02	I didn't think that the final Cat moment, as written, was going to translate on screen. It's the portion of this episode I had the most aprehension for. I couldn't imagine a better picture of a person who has not only realized she's going to die, but that she's failed all of her children as well. I found it absolutely crushing.
2211	JonathanTheBold	2013-06-02	I admit, I also wanted to see Cat shred her face, just because I wanted Stoneheart to look like a ragged doll.  But I thought they worked it well.  Cat's last scene in the book clearly shows her going crazy.  There are a lot of ways to show a person who has a mental break.  Catatonia is clearly one of those ways, very obviously Cat went mad with grief.  It also had the effect of making the audience feel catatonic, which was sorta cool.I completely agree I've read the books my dad hasn't but he watches the show and we watch it in separate rooms but I told him I wanted to watch it it with him tonight and we were both just stuck in silince both of us in awe and I thats how cat came off she
2212	Montey14	2013-06-02	I wanted to see the face shredding and laughing ...but I was more upset that she didn't say the hair line and how much Ned loves her hair....but I guess that would go against catatonic.....Also I would have liked to have seen the scenes where the Freys reveal that all the young Frey heirs are not at the wedding.....i thought replacing Jingle Bell with Frey's young wife was brilliant
2213	Mya Stone	2013-06-02	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.
How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.
In other words, I found it to be perfect.
2214	cabo	2013-06-02	For me it was like watching "127 Hours". You knew it was coming and it was still hard to watch.
2215	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-02	that's a the look of a person who has lost absolutely everything.
2216	Bastard of Boston	2013-06-02	Maybe the producers were afraid with how it would've worked with the rest of that scene? In watching it, it was already pretty dramatic. To go from the Frey-slitting to the Cat-slitting, in a one-two punch, was pretty...POW. Imagining a hysterical Cat clawing her face up in between...maybe they were afraid of overkill and wanted a more subdued moment between each slitting? Almost like a breath...a moment for everything to sort of stop and resonate.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 02 June 2013 - 10:30 PM.
2217	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-02	It was excellent as is.  The emotion and disconnect in Cat was perfect.  Walder in not caring about his wife just show what an awful cunt he his.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 02 June 2013 - 10:37 PM.
2218	subvet	2013-06-02	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.In other words, I found it to be perfect.Well put, paints the perfect mental picture of the scene.  Thank you.
2219	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-02	I wanted to see the face shredding and laughing ...but I was more upset that she didn't say the hair line and how much Ned loves her hair...I don't think she actually said it in the book, either.
2220	Max Greyjoy	2013-06-02	I'm glad they didn't have the face shredding and laughing. It wouldn't have had the same effect that it did at the final moment. I think that it was brilliant. She lost her husband, her sons (supposedly), for all she knows Arya and Sansa are dead, she watched Robb and her first grandchild and daughter-in-law killed before her very eyes. She lost everything. And it's a perfect set up for Stoneheart. 
I thought it was brilliant and it had the same shock value from my friends who haven't read the books.
					
					
							Edited by Max Greyjoy, 02 June 2013 - 10:35 PM.
2221	Montey14	2013-06-02	you could tell she sensed everything go terriblywron when they started playing rains of Castemere....I guess thats why she lifted Rooses sleeve and slapped him( alhtough that was supposed to be one of the Freys) I thought the savagery was pretty well played out ....though the musicians were actually pretty good....lol
2222	Zman1863	2013-06-02	It was great the way they did it. They have a bit of license with how they adapt and some things work better in print than on screen. The quietness of the last few seconds was extremely effective combined with the silent credits.
2223	starkalways	2013-06-02	I don't think she actually said it in the book, either.No she doesn't, but in a previous episode, I forget which, Jaime says something that he only thought of in the books. I know some people were hoping because of that Cat was going to say it, including me.
2224	Aquaman	2013-06-02	I was rather looking forward to her going mad and clawing her face, but the way they did it was fantastic too. 
The way she was still and catatonic and the suddenness of her throat being slit was perfectly executed.
Michelle Fairley did well. Very well.
2225	go joff go	2013-06-02	I thought it worked the way they did it, frankly better then if she had clawed her face and laugh, maybe it works if shot a different way but the way they did shoot it it would have looked like a bad horrow movie.
2226	Winter's Prince	2013-06-02	To those who say Cat did not so good, come on now she did GREAT! She did her thing! It was absolutely perfect, because that's how it is when you lose everything you love in just a glimpse. You sit there, out of it, completely gone from reality. So again I say Cat did an awesome job. I love her, I will miss her, and she was and is still beautiful.
2227	Rohanne	2013-06-02	The last scream was haunting. It felt like her soul left her body and what was left was just an empty shell.
2228	Talbot	2013-06-02	I think Cat tearing her face up would've translated terribly to the screen, to be honest. Reading about it is one thing, and it works in the context of the page (much like Daario's blue hair, etc), but would most likely come off has ridiculous/campy on screen.
Just my .02
2229	lostinwesteros	2013-06-02	Yeah, really, really missed Catelyn's clawing her face...Her deep wail was really good, but when they just had her standing, catatonic, as one poster called it, it was so ineffective.  Killed the pathos of that moment - big mistake, I think, on part of D and D
2230	Newstar	2013-06-02	Michelle Fairley killed it (...er, so to speak).
I was kind of surprised the face-clawing was cut, though. I did love that one shot panning in on her face as she heard The Rains of Castamere start to play.
2231	The Angels' Prophet	2013-06-02	Yeah, it wouldn't have worked well in the show. In the books, we see her thought process, how she thinks it's ravens, that the blood on her wrists are worms etc. The way the show did it was the way to show she was crazy without the advantage of thought process. That, and  I don't know if the effects would have been good. I mean, the effects for Frey's wife's throat being cut, and Cat's were pretty bad, IMO.
2232	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-02	They didn't do the face shredding so they can save time and money on makeup when Stoneheart returns.
2233	TheMountianNick	2013-06-02	I was confused by catatonic Cat, but I didn't care much based on how well the rest of it was executed.You're confused that a mother, who just saw her son, his wife, and her grandchild killed was catatonic?  REALLY???????????????????????????????????
2234	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-02	They didn't do the face shredding so they can save time and money on makeup when Stoneheart returns.Thinkng more on it, I'm liking it more.  The last face we see of Cat (in the books) becomes the face of Lady Stoneheart.  Cat's last face, her catatonia etc will make for a superb Stoneheart.
2235	Cersai's Son	2013-06-02	The scene was great as it is. People complaining she didn't scratch herself like in the books are pathetic.
2236	teemo	2013-06-03	I thought the acting was pretty great, although I would have liked her to have gone more insane like in the books rather than catatonic at the very end.
2237	crazibouncer	2013-06-03	I would have loved face shredding too, but it may have been just weird on the show.  I don't think I would have liked it.  The way they did this though was good, even if the throat slitting did not look too great IMO, but it does not matter.  That episode was killer, literally.
2238	Justin Danford	2013-06-03	I also enjoyed the eerie death silence and gaping maw of Catelyn upon realizing Robb was killed. It showed in those few seconds that Robb was the last thread holding her from being destroyed by grief. He dies and she loses all connection. It makes her look rather dead...a living dead  
	Spoiler  which is perfect for what is to come. I very much hope they advance that plot for the finale of "Mysha" 
A physical assault on herself wouldn't transfer to screen correctly without her inner monologue. It would just look like hysteria. The silence and desolation of her face screams transformation. That is: there was Catelyn before and now there is Catlyn after and the two cannot be reconciled. 
	Spoiler  when she is brought back as Uncat, it is her in this state 

					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 03 June 2013 - 12:04 AM.
2239	Montey14	2013-06-03	maybe they'll make it that her face gets chewed up while she's lieing face down in the river.....who knows what days facedown in the green fork would do to a face....
2240	Faint	2013-06-03	Is Michelle Fairley staying on? From reading the interviews after the episode aired I got the impression she wasn't.
2241	Golden Lion	2013-06-03	I love the way they showed Cat. It felt very true to the books, though i do wish they'd have kept the dialogue about her being mad and then deciding to kill her.
My only actual complaint is with the editing, when Cat screams it cuts from one powerful shot of Michelle, the scream continues over a few shots and then it cuts back to michelle where she looks catatonic and it just doesn't fit with the sound. I noticed it on my first viewing and still find it jarring.
But I think Michelle killed it. Was more surprised by Talissa's death though, guess those spy hints were just a red herring after all.
2242	Montey14	2013-06-03	Yeah, it wouldn't have worked well in the show. In the books, we see her thought process, how she thinks it's ravens, that the blood on her wrists are worms etc. The way the show did it was the way to show she was crazy without the advantage of thought process. That, and  I don't know if the effects would have been good. I mean, the effects for Frey's wife's throat being cut, and Cat's were pretty bad, IMO.Agreed those were pretty bad throat slashings.....they could have done better effects wise on  those.....
2243	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-03	Is Michelle Fairley staying on? From reading the interviews after the episode aired I got the impression she wasn't.Of course she's staying on, but they are going to talk as though she's gone because otherwise it would spoil Stoneheart.
2244	lightbringer333	2013-06-03	lack of violence, bloodshed and screaming in that room. RW went not that much red what i was expecting.
2245	Tewks44	2013-06-03	lack of violence, bloodshed and screaming in that room. RW went not that much red what i was expecting.It was worse than what I expected.  I mean a pregnant woman got stabbed repeatedly in the stomach.  That alone made it 10x worse than the book version for me.
2246	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	lack of violence, bloodshed and screaming in that room. RW went not that much red what i was expecting.Wat.Pretty much everybody that wasn't a Frey got slaughtered in that room. A pregnant woman was repeatedly stabbed in her stomach.
2247	lightbringer333	2013-06-03	It was worse than what I expected.  I mean a pregnant woman got stabbed repeatedly in the stomach.  That alone made it 10x worse than the book version for me.they failed to give enough justice to the song " the rains of castamere "
2248	Dryhtscipe	2013-06-03	The face-scratching would've just come across as hammy.
2249	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	The face-scratching would've just come across as hammy.Yep.Her reaction was perfect. The pain was so bad she was completely numb and out of it.
2250	Hoo	2013-06-03	they failed to give enough justice to the song " the rains of castamere "they failed to give enough justice to the song " the rains of castamere "Wow, I have to read the book to hear that.
2251	Hoo	2013-06-03	Thank you all.  I can sleep better now knowing that resurrection ic coming.
2252	Northern Sun	2013-06-03	I thought Fairley was perfect in that scene, from  the dread when "Rains" started playing to her throat being slit. Having the face claw up in the book wouldn't have worked to well, in my opinion. Maybe they can have her face disfigured by some animal when her body washes up from the river.
2253	lightbringer333	2013-06-03	Wat.Pretty much everybody that wasn't a Frey got slaughtered in that room. A pregnant woman was repeatedly stabbed in her stomach.i was expecting the level of bloodshed similar to the ending scene of spartacus blood and sand.
2254	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Thank you all.  I can sleep better now knowing that resurrection ic coming.  Don't be too happy....read the books instead. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  lol
2255	Macknsweetjones	2013-06-03	I don't think I will ever watch that episode again...just like I won't ever read the red wedding scene in the book again....I really felt for cat...brings back how I felt when I read the events in the book
2256	ohpooratlas	2013-06-03	Michelle killed it. She was amazing the entire episode, from the moment she heard "Rains" start to play, to discovering the armor under Bolton's tunic ... and to the very end.  I'm so ready for Stoneheart now.
2257	Net-Viper X	2013-06-03	I thought they did a very good job of that whole ordeal. After seeing that betrayal and the smirk on Walders face as the Northmen were killed, I find myself looking very forward to Stonehearts arrival and her version of justice upon the Freys.
I'm surprised to see a lot of disappointment at Cat not clawing her face off. Take heart viewers, she still has three whole days worth of laying on the river bank for crows to chew her face up real good and achieve the desired effect.
2258	julyleo	2013-06-03	Catatonic Cat represents the viewers and how they were probably reacting. And how the frey just slit her throat was like you were slitting any hope the viewers had.She was at a loss and "dead" as were viewers.
2259	kephv	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairley was amazing as always. Her face pretty much said it all, and I never expected the face shredding anyway (that would've either been expensive CGI or make up that looked unconvincing), so it worked for me. That said, I still would've preferred mad Cat before the throat slit, but I didn't mind too much.
2260	_KHALeesi	2013-06-03	I think the scene was great how it was. I think it would have looked weird to see Cat maim herself on camera.
2261	Conchobar	2013-06-03	Everything else was operatic, so why they pulled away to a catatonic Catelyn, I do not know. I didn't care for it at all.I disagree, the way her face changed, was amazing. it said everything. She had lost everything.
2262	Macknsweetjones	2013-06-03	People want to see a mutilated face for stone heart. I mean it could still happen...I mean her face can show decaying and also they can have a scene where her face gets picked at by crows...just a thought
2263	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	I think that Michelle Fairley did a great job in this episode. I thought that the silence was quite effective.
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 03 June 2013 - 02:18 AM.
2264	Gemma	2013-06-03	I'm glad they left the face shredding out. It would have been too gruesome and I think the catatonic state she was left in worked better onscreen and mirrored how stunned the audience must have felt to witness such utter desolation. It was gut-wrenching to witness Cat trying desperately to barter for Robb's life only to see him brutally cut down in front of her. Her scream and the way her face changes after and all the life seems to go out of her even before her throat is cut...Michelle did a tremendous job with the scene.
2265	Juli Cachet	2013-06-03	Loved it. I missed "Ned loves my hair" but it didn't really matter.
2266	greywindsrage	2013-06-03	I'm glad there was no face-shredding, and unlike the previous posters, I thought her reaction was PERFECT.  It was the picture of utter and complete desolation. Her world was shattered and in that moment she was nothing but a void of despair.Exactly. Michelle Fairly nailed it.
2267	greywindsrage	2013-06-03	The last scream was haunting. It felt like her soul left her body and what was left was just an empty shell. Left me speechless and I knew what was coming.
					
					
							Edited by greywindsrage, 03 June 2013 - 03:07 AM.
2268	Javi Marcos	2013-06-03	I loved the catarsis. I think it's far more "realistic"the catarsis than the face-shredding
2269	Castel	2013-06-03	Everything else was operatic, so why they pulled away to a catatonic Catelyn, I do not know. I didn't care for it at all.Yeah, strange . But I think that it worked better than the bizarre thing with her hair which wouldn't sound right coming out. But then, that's not saying much.Was also surprised by Robb's own pseudo-catatonia. And with him I'm not really sure if it was a  deliberate decision or weak acting or a deliberate decision let down by weak acting.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 03 June 2013 - 03:22 AM.
2270	Lebron  James	2013-06-03	I understand people don't like change, but how can anyone not have been moved by that?
She died before her throat had been cut
2271	Castel	2013-06-03	I was moved. It was just a surprising way to go with it I think. Some people love the change, others didn't. YMMV.
2272	Holdfast	2013-06-03	I thought it was just right.  I was expecting the face-shredding, but I thought her final silent and frozen state had more of an impact in conveying the end of that great Stark journey.
2273	Hatbarlives	2013-06-03	I wanted the face shredding but now I am glad they didn't. It was just perfect how Michelle acted that out and the scream she did was so haunting. I can't get that last look on her face out of my head. Poor cat.
2274	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-03	Her face of despair when begging Walder Frey to release Robb was the epic moment of this episode. That was when I became depressed about the whole scene. People were afraid Fairley would not make justice to it, but apparently she is a great actress.
2275	Valandui	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairley was amazing as always. Her face pretty much said it all, and I never expected the face shredding anyway (that would've either been expensive CGI or make up that looked unconvincing), so it worked for me. That said, I still would've preferred mad Cat before the throat slit, but I didn't mind too much.I agree.  I think they avoided it for the same reason as they did Tyrion's missing nose.  It probably would have been too hard to keep up.
2276	VladofWallachia	2013-06-03	Exactly. Michelle Fairly nailed it.There it is!
2277	GoldenFleece	2013-06-03	First watch I didn't like Cat's reaction at the end.  Second rewatch though, I really like it.  Probably more realistic, although luckily I cannot tell from experience.
2278	Boi	2013-06-03	Raking her nails over her face everytime she shouted a dead son or kin, self multialtion. If the Birds couldn't do that magic. Great episode
2279	Tori Targaryen	2013-06-03	The scene was done perfectly. I really wish people would stop nitpicking. They adapted from one medium to another realistically. It was excellent
2280	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-03	Yeah, strange . But I think that it worked better than the bizarre thing with her hair which wouldn't sound right coming out. But then, that's not saying much.Was also surprised by Robb's own pseudo-catatonia. And with him I'm not really sure if it was a  deliberate decision or weak acting or a deliberate decision let down by weak acting.I was not impressed by Madden's performance.  I wasn't sure what his final call to his mother was trying to convey - despair, a plea for help, both?  But Fairley made up for it and then some.  I didn't miss her self-mutilation at all; and liked the way she just shut down, as the life slipped out of her and she turned to stone before they cut her throat.
2281	nirolo	2013-06-03	I was not impressed by Madden's performance.  I wasn't sure what his final call to his mother was trying to convey - despair, a plea for help, both?  But Fairley made up for it and then some.  I didn't miss her self-mutilation at all; and liked the way she just shut down, as the life slipped out of her and she turned to stone before they cut her throat.  Robb was completely lost, and the King became a boy again when he called for his mother.
					
					
							Edited by nirolo, 03 June 2013 - 05:39 AM.
2282	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I was not impressed by Madden's performance.  I wasn't sure what his final call to his mother was trying to convey - despair, a plea for help, both?  But Fairley made up for it and then some.  I didn't miss her self-mutilation at all; and liked the way she just shut down, as the life slipped out of her and she turned to stone before they cut her throat.  He just saw his wife and bannerman slaughtered, he knows he's about to die, he's crying out for his mother...i think that's fairly obvious. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2283	Conchobar	2013-06-03	Robb was completely lost, and the King became a boy again when he called for his mother.You nailed it there, he became a boy again.We realised how young he really was right at the end. At his most vulnruble.
2284	Jojosh	2013-06-03	Robb shouldn't have carrried the scene imo I'm glad they finally gave Catelyn the chance to do something
2285	SeventySeven	2013-06-03	I think Cat tearing her face up would've translated terribly to the screen, to be honest. Reading about it is one thing, and it works in the context of the page (much like Daario's blue hair, etc), but would most likely come off has ridiculous/campy on screen.Just my .02Agreed. In the books it was amazing, but the way they did it on screen was immensely heartbreaking and painful. I'm still teary just thinking about it. I think that if they stuck with the book version it would have had a more gruesome feel to it, whereas they made it about the pain and they made it about Catelyn and I'm so glad, since I though Cat was so underused this season. I'll miss Cat a lot, but I'm looking forward to Stoneheart and hope she has a bigger role than in the books.ETA: Michelle staying in the role or not: they're probably just trying not to give away the fact she's coming back as LS, so it would make sense in the interviews to make it sound final; where's the surprise otherwise? Tbh, I know a lot say LS would make an appearance next episode, but I don't think it'll be until season 4. They'll let it sink in first. For like a year.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 03 June 2013 - 06:18 AM.
2286	Sand11751	2013-06-03	If she'd said, "Not my hair...." I would've bawled. It was still very sad, but not as intense as I'd hoped.
2287	Taroleon	2013-06-03	You nailed it there, he became a boy again.We realised how young he really was right at the end. At his most vulnruble.Also agree. From Madden's own view:"When we shot the scene, it took a few days, because it<U+0080><U+0099>s huge. And there<U+0080><U+0099>s a moment in this scene where we look at each other . . . it<U+0080><U+0099>s Robb Stark essentially saying goodbye to his mother and giving up, and rather than it being something really bad, there<U+0080><U+0099>s a moment of tragedy and utter relief, actually, because these two characters have fought and fought and fought and fought, and it<U+0080><U+0099>s finally over. Me and Michelle really felt that on the day, as did a lot of the crew, I think. We<U+0080><U+0099>re one big family that's plowed through this for years, and it's a sad day."Read more: http://www.rollingst...2#ixzz2V9R8wJ2a Follow us: @rollingstone on Twitter | RollingStone on Facebook
2288	Toxspecific	2013-06-03	I wouldn't mind if Stoneheart has no scratches on her face. Catelyn is a pretty woman /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2289	Boi	2013-06-03	I don't agree without the crows showing that grief, terror, guilt from devasting lost. Simply shutting down as a woman in this lore, is a very easy way out of that horror or situation. A mother who has lost everything would have expected some rage and hysteric's, more cutting moments. Spiting her own face by ripping hair or clawing at skin when she recalled those memories, from ned to rickon even her daughters she believes are lost without hope as she cannot do much more, still having some fight left but powerless in much else.
Catatonic is an explanation of simply accepting. Yes there was some rage slicing the neck open of Frey's wife, but this wasn't enough as Mr Frey commented. The hysteric's needed to be more as of where this story follows. Which is why the crows set that sceen.  
She did a FINE job acting with the tears and emotions but believably could have maybe been more?
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 03 June 2013 - 06:48 AM.
2290	Cadiva	2013-06-03	I'm glad there was no face-shredding, and unlike the previous posters, I thought her reaction was PERFECT.  It was the picture of utter and complete desolation. Her world was shattered and in that moment she was nothing but a void of despair.I agree. I think it was perfect, you could see her "shutting down" as Robb fell and, imho anyways, that was the transformation of her into what we know will be Lady Stoneheart. I thought it was a brilliant piece of foreshadowing.
2291	Will&Chrismom	2013-06-03	I thought the scene was perfect. The moment that one of the Freys shut the door and Catelyn realized things were taking a turn was stomach-churning but the decision to begin the actual violence with the murder of Talisa was utterly shocking, and in fact that choice just hammered home the depths of the Freys' fury, that they would begin a massacre by butchering a pregnant woman simply b/c she carried a prince or princess that Frey wanted for himself. Ugh. I loved how they cut back and forth to what was happening outside, allowing Arya to observe things as they happened, which is a nice way for her to understand her mother and brother are dead as opposed to her realizing it in a dream. By the time Sandor Clegane conked her on the head I was thinking it was a mercy. 
But ultimately the scene really belonged to Madden and Fairley. I disagree that Madden's acting was off. I think it was perfect and it brought the whole scene full circle from the beginning of the ep, when Robb and Cat are back on the same page and are a team again. In fact, that's what makes it all so tragic: Robb checks out much the same way his mother does, when he loses everything, which to him is his wife and child and his men. Only in opera does the hero rage against the dying of the light when he's lost everything and has a bunch of arrows stuck in his back and chest. For a show like this, to see the King of the North brought low, crawling to his dead, bloody wife and just giving up? Nothing is more appropriate and more powerful, especially set against Catelyn's desperate pleading for him to get out. He doesn't want to get out, he wants to give up, and his giving up informs Catelyn's own catatonia. The two of them really are so much alike, even at the moment of death, and while it was horrible to watch, I rather loved that they did it that way. It was the perfect ending to their stories (such as it is) and to their relationship, which was one of the best on the show.
I am also very relieved, frankly, that they didn't do the facial mutilation. It would have come off as campy, even with an actress as talented as Fairley. Done as is, we got to see the light literally leave Cat's huge, wide eyes and become something else, a beautiful foreshadowing of Lady Stoneheart's expression. The throat cutting done as afterthought was powerful, too--she was dead before the blade touched her throat, and she looked almost relieved when it happened.
2292	nirolo	2013-06-03	The throat cutting done as afterthought was powerful, too--she was dead before the blade touched her throat, and she looked almost relieved when it happened.I was so shocked by Cat's facial expression that the slitting of her throat just seemed like an after thought. I can imagine the physical pain of having one's throat cut, but I could never imagine the type of emotional pain that could reduce a person to a state of catatonia...I would have to lose my mind first.
2293	Boi	2013-06-03	What gives her that edge of where this story will follow? While we see a malevolent apparition of evil from a woman scorned, or will we see a catatonic zombie?
Do the maths. Grief is a powerful weapon when turned provided you sill have that fight left within you to live.
Campy from clawing away all hope the bitterness of lost guilt grief, NO not at all, horrific and extreme. Ending with put that mad cow down, or because she has nothing left she is already dead?
Nuff said, it cannot be changed
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 03 June 2013 - 07:09 AM.
2294	Taroleon	2013-06-03	I thought the scene was perfect. The moment that one of the Freys shut the door and Catelyn realized things were taking a turn was stomach-churning but the decision to begin the actual violence with the murder of Talisa was utterly shocking, and in fact that choice just hammered home the depths of the Freys' fury, that they would begin a massacre by butchering a pregnant woman simply b/c she carried a prince or princess that Frey wanted for himself. Ugh. I loved how they cut back and forth to what was happening outside, allowing Arya to observe things as they happened, which is a nice way for her to understand her mother and brother are dead as opposed to her realizing it in a dream. By the time Sandor Clegane conked her on the head I was thinking it was a mercy.But ultimately the scene really belonged to Madden and Fairley. I disagree that Madden's acting was off. I think it was perfect and it brought the whole scene full circle from the beginning of the ep, when Robb and Cat are back on the same page and are a team again. In fact, that's what makes it all so tragic: Robb checks out much the same way his mother does, when he loses everything, which to him is his wife and child and his men. Only in opera does the hero rage against the dying of the light when he's lost everything and has a bunch of arrows stuck in his back and chest. For a show like this, to see the King of the North brought low, crawling to his dead, bloody wife and just giving up? Nothing is more appropriate and more powerful, especially set against Catelyn's desperate pleading for him to get out. He doesn't want to get out, he wants to give up, and his giving up informs Catelyn's own catatonia. The two of them really are so much alike, even at the moment of death, and while it was horrible to watch, I rather loved that they did it that way. It was the perfect ending to their stories (such as it is) and to their relationship, which was one of the best on the show.I am also very relieved, frankly, that they didn't do the facial mutilation. It would have come off as campy, even with an actress as talented as Fairley. Done as is, we got to see the light literally leave Cat's huge, wide eyes and become something else, a beautiful foreshadowing of Lady Stoneheart's expression. The throat cutting done as afterthought was powerful, too--she was dead before the blade touched her throat, and she looked almost relieved when it happened.This! Well said Will&Chrismom!
2295	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.In other words, I found it to be perfect.I don't have enough dittos for this.
					
					
							Edited by Daena the Defiant, 03 June 2013 - 07:41 AM.
2296	ChromeWeasel	2013-06-03	Dammit!  I wanted to see her shred her own face and laugh hysterically!  I know CG/make-up would have been nightmarish for Stoneheart, but still...dammit!I thought her scream and the catatonic thing was pretty lame. She's about 20 feet from Walder Frey. How can you not rush him with your dagger and at least take a chance at killing him off? Seems very dumb. I was also surprised that she killed his wife.
2297	Taroleon	2013-06-03	I don't agree without the crows showing that grief, terror, guilt from devasting lost. Simply shutting down as a woman in this lore, is a very easy way out of that horror or situation. A mother who has lost everything would have expected some rage and hysteric's, more cutting moments. Spiting her own face by ripping hair or clawing at skin when she recalled those memories, from ned to rickon even her daughters she believes are lost without hope as she cannot do much more, still having some fight left but powerless in much else.Catatonic is an explanation of simply accepting. Yes there was some rage slicing the neck open of Frey's wife, but this wasn't enough as Mr Frey commented. The hysteric's needed to be more as of where this story follows. Which is why the crows set that sceen.  She did a FINE job acting with the tears and emotions but believably could have maybe been more?Actually, Cat's rage culminated in cutting Walder's wife's throat, while her hopelessness was further fueled by Frey stating he would simply 'get another'. Catatonia is the opposite of accepting. It is complete withdrawal and a sympton of a deeper mental condition such as PTSD, which is non-gender specific, albeit someone would need to be catatonic for more than a mere 30 seconds of screen time for it to be 'official'. But it was enough to convey the intent that Cat was breaking down.
2298	WinterWarrior	2013-06-03	I thought she was perfect. Ran, you are way too picky.
The face shredding was fine in the books but she has to be recognizable as Lady Stoneheart. I am hoping that HBO plans to give LS a larger role and maybe some extra story lines that the books don't have. I think LS is a character that needs to be expanded by GRRM and she needs to get her vengeance.
I am annoyed that GRRM has not avenged the RW yet in the books. Petyr Pimple and the Frey the Drunk hangings are not enough for me. I hope Arya does it once she becomes a FM.....in a way that kills everyone at the Twins.
2299	Katydid	2013-06-03	The scene was great as it is. People complaining she didn't scratch herself like in the books are pathetic.Indeed.  Pathetic.  How dare we all have our own opinions? (Wow, really?  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  )I managed to watch the scene a second time, and I agree with everyone that the face-clawing may not have translated well on-screen, because of the way it's described, from Cat's POV, in the book.  Her thinking it was ravens and worms crawling on her arms is really what made the scene work, and there's no real way for that to come across in a visual medium.  Also agree that her already-dead expression as she gazed at Robb will make for a PERFECT Stoneheart face.I wonder if they'll do some aftermath stuff next week, and still show us GW's head on Robb's body.  (Please, no! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> )
2300	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	Indeed.  Pathetic.  How dare we all have our own opinions?(Wow, really?  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />  )I managed to watch the scene a second time, and I agree with everyone that the face-clawing may not have translated well on-screen, because of the way it's described, from Cat's POV, in the book.  Her thinking it was ravens and worms crawling on her arms is really what made the scene work, and there's no real way for that to come across in a visual medium.  Also agree that her already-dead expression as she gazed at Robb will make for a PERFECT Stoneheart face.I wonder if they'll do some aftermath stuff next week, and still show us GW's head on Robb's body.  (Please, no! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> )I am more concerned that they will have Catelyn's naked body thrown into the river.
2301	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	Robb was completely lost, and the King became a boy again when he called for his mother.Exactly this.  Even as a father, it was heartbreaking.  I also think they set it up will with Robb admitting his mistakes earlier and asking her advice.  It was a nice reminder of the their true relationship as mother and son.I'm still shocked that I'm shaken still the morning after.As for the "my hair" comment...it only works if you see her mind slipping first internally.  Absent that, her being concerned about her hair would look almost obscenely trite on-screen.  And, you couldn't even shoot it properly because thoughts are so much faster than words.  In the book, her hair is grabbed, that thought flashes through her mind, and then her throat is slit.  If you tried to show that onscreen, someone would have to grab her hair, then pause long enough for her to say that line, then slit her throat.  It would look stilted and staged.As for the general criticism of a lack of foreboding...that's not the way I saw it.  I saw that sense in Fairley's face the whole time.  She may have a second or two of trying to convince herself that things were okay, but I thought her face never looked truly relaxed.  But that's clearly subjective.
2302	Boi	2013-06-03	Actually, Cat's rage culminated in cutting Walder's wife's throat, while her hopelessness was further fueled by Frey stating he would simply 'get another'.Catatonia is the opposite of accepting. It is complete withdrawal and a sympton of a deeper mental condition such as PTSD, which is non-gender specific, albeit someone would need to be catatonic for more than a mere 30 seconds of screen time for it to be 'official'. But it was enough to convey the intent that Cat was breaking down.Catatonic often what a drunk gets when they have had a few, or when somebody has overdosedYes there is medical condition related as catatonic schizophrenia sometimes leading to being mute or deaf in similarity to this.In a world of impaling, beheading, crucifiction, and in generality almost every other type of barbarism. I would have been expecting the other type of women who goes to the oppisite extreme of hysteria. You know the type that kicks the nuts, stabs you with a pair of scissors, or castrates for far less.With those memories burning through her head of all that she has lost, to become what is to follow. Simply shutting down doesn't set that sceen, unless a zombie is the theme one is to expect of late?You have researched catatonia tell me did you do the same for self harm or self multilation, the guilt of pain and loss inflicted as scars upon the body through also those memories of the mind when under extreme anxiety?
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 03 June 2013 - 08:36 AM.
2303	Kasrith	2013-06-03	Perfection. The blank catatonia was perfect. The calm before she got herself slit, her entire world was gone with Robb, and after she was killed we were left just as catatonic. She acted the hell out of that scene
2304	bionic	2013-06-03	Such a great ending.
The silence as she had her throat slit got me.
2305	Brother Without Banners	2013-06-03	I do wish they would have had Roose come up from behind Robb while Robb stared at Cat, and had the sword go through him instead of the semi-rushed way they did it in the show, but top to bottom I thought it was a fantastic episode.
Arya and the Hound have been excellent the last few weeks in particular, and I really liked the Jon Snow escape scene and the pained look Ygritte had when Jon rode off.
2306	voodooqueen126	2013-06-03	I think they could've have Catelyn tell Roose that "Ned loved my hair" instead of that line about her bedding.
2307	freetickles	2013-06-03	I'm in the camp that this was done perfectly. Her reaction was much more realistic than clawing her face apart, and the final shot of her throat being slit was perfect (as was the silent credits, though I was expecting more Rains of Castamere).
This is just another example of book readers thinking different from the book means inferior to the book, and that's just not always (or even usually) the case.
2308	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	This is just another example of book readers thinking different from the book means inferior to the book, and that's just not always (or even usually) the case.but sometimes, different from the book IS inferior to the book.It was an ok scene (the RW) but in almost every little part, the timing was off, or the actors were in weird positions on the set. I mean, it was just one badly-timed hit-and-run throat slitting after another. It didn't have good pacing. There were things that were drawn out and took too long (Cat's death after her scream), and things that were rushed (Robb getting stabbed by Roose).Go back and re-watch "Baelor" S01E09. It was much better than this episode.
2309	Blaer Dayle	2013-06-03	I wanted just one hand to claw down either cheek, I think that would have worked and everything else could have worked out the same. This is HBO they arent afraid of doing a little makeup (see Tyrion, and Jon's new scars) and they still have to do her slit throat. People do all sorts of crazy things when in grief like ripping out hair and whatnot, and I would have liked it if they kept that in, so that when Stoneheart appears she is a character completely removed from Catelyn, having gone mad with grief and becoming something else entirely, rather than Catelyn with a slit throat.
2310	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	I really wanted the face clawing, they could easily have placed that in neatly between slitting the Frey wives throat (which was a nice touch by the way) and her going Catatonic.... IMO
2311	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	I wanted just one hand to claw down either cheek, I think that would have worked and everything else could have worked out the same. This is HBO they arent afraid of doing a little makeup (see Tyrion, and Jon's new scars) and they still have to do her slit throat. People do all sorts of crazy things when in grief like ripping out hair and whatnot, and I would have liked it if they kept that in, so that when Stoneheart appears she is a character completely removed from Catelyn, having gone mad with grief and becoming something else entirely, rather than Catelyn with a slit throat. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  I totally agree with you there
2312	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	I wanted just one hand to claw down either cheek, I think that would have worked and everything else could have worked out the same. This is HBO they arent afraid of doing a little makeup (see Tyrion, and Jon's new scars) and they still have to do her slit throat. People do all sorts of crazy things when in grief like ripping out hair and whatnot, and I would have liked it if they kept that in, so that when Stoneheart appears she is a character completely removed from Catelyn, having gone mad with grief and becoming something else entirely, rather than Catelyn with a slit throat.Don't forget that UnCat isn't merely Catelyn Stark with her face clawed off, she's also 'pudding soft' after being soaked in the river and her hair has fallen out, so we won't just have the slit throat as a visual signifier that it's basically a different character.I really wanted the face clawing, they could easily have placed that in neatly between slitting the Frey wives throat (which was a nice touch by the way) and her going Catatonic.... IMOKissed~by~Fire, I see what you did there!
2313	Marillon	2013-06-03	A physical assault on herself wouldn't transfer to screen correctly without her inner monologue. It would just look like hysteria. The silence and desolation of her face screams transformation. That is: there was Catelyn before and now there is Catlyn after and the two cannot be reconciled. 
	Spoiler  when she is brought back as Uncat, it is her in this state 
 Thinking on the last part I agree, I think part of what really made the face clawing part was the act itself+her laughing+her blabbering about her hair and how much Ned loves it, it might have just looked a bit gratuitous if she just clawed her. Still a bit disappointed it didn't happen though.
2314	coco lionne	2013-06-03	At first, I too was a little disappointed that we didn't see the face-raking and crazy laughter, but after watching it again (and reading many great comments), I think it was done perfectly. Watching her face, I felt like I could hear her thinking the line, "it hurts so much, Ned....all our children....". And that intense pain just paralyzed her. Bravo, Michelle Fairley.
2315	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	I was hoping to hear "someone make an end to it" or whatever that line is before the Frey guy drops in like a Faceless Man and slits her throat.
2316	RememberTheNorth	2013-06-03	I'm sorry but I have to say this version of RW was completely underwhelming. Was I the only person that thought that? Ever since Talisa was stabbed half a million times the scene seemed almost comical from then on compared to the detail  of the book. 
I'm totally not one of those people who stick completely to the book's interpretation 100% of the time but SoS version was just BETTER...
I was not a big fan of Fairley's acting at the end either. It just did not seem genuine enough and didn't at all dwell into madness as I wanted her to do. Overall I just think the emotional level was not at its height.
2317	Greywolf2375	2013-06-03	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.In other words, I found it to be perfect.I think I am ok without her clawing her face apart since we don't get the inner monologue/thought process of seeing her mind effectively come apart.  Can she have done it and done it well?  I absolutely think so.  Do we lose anything without her doing that?  I don't think so.the damage to her face and neck can be done by crows or other beasties eating her face.  IF they have her thrown in the water and IF we have her pulled out by a wolf there is plenty of plausible reason as to why her face can be ravaged.The part of this that I don't like is who she chose to sacrifice - the wife instead of JInglebells.  While Walder is quite free with however many seeds he plants, he is particular to his kids whereas his wife is just a broodmare.  The fact that in the book he was willing to watch one of his own get sacrificed, to me, showed even more how much revenge meant to him.
2318	Faint	2013-06-03	Of course she's staying on, but they are going to talk as though she's gone because otherwise it would spoil Stoneheart.I thought they might simply recast the part. After all, Catelyn after death looks so radically different than Catelyn in life.
2319	freetickles	2013-06-03	I thought they might simply recast the part. After all, Catelyn after death looks so radically different than Catelyn in life.But then people wouldn't recognize that it was undead Catelyn. I think it has to be her, hopefully with a good deal of makeup on her throat, and on her skin to show even if she didn't claw her own face apart she did, you know, die.
2320	BurningCandle	2013-06-03	OMG I've been trying to log on all DAY to post in this topic and it finally worked. Huzzah!
I really liked Cat's death scene, I thought it was perfect. I think while the insane laughter worked in the books, if they'd tried to do it on screen it would just have looked very odd and would have broken the devastation of it.
And seriously what is wrong with all those ppl saying they will cancel their subs because of this? Don't they know the series is nicknamed "Everyone You Like Dies"?
LOL
2321	Castel	2013-06-03	I was not impressed by Madden's performance.  I wasn't sure what his final call to his mother was trying to convey - despair, a plea for help, both?  But Fairley made up for it and then some.  I didn't miss her self-mutilation at all; and liked the way she just shut down, as the life slipped out of her and she turned to stone before they cut her throat.  Yeah, the thing is, going off previous scenes I trust Fairley enough to just accept that most of the things she does are deliberate, as was obviously the case here. Madden? Not so much.And just to be clear here I'm talking about his reaction while he held Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 03 June 2013 - 05:27 PM.
2322	silentwanderer	2013-06-03	OMG I've been trying to log on all DAY to post in this topic and it finally worked. Huzzah!I know! If anything this is the episode that broke the internet.Rest in Peace Catelyn.
2323	nirolo	2013-06-03	Rest in Peace Catelyn.Lol. We all know this is not going to happen.
2324	teej6	2013-06-03	I don't think she actually said it in the book, either.I don't think she said it aloud either. I really enjoyed Michelle Fairley's performance.
2325	teej6	2013-06-03	Will Michelle Fairley be playing Lady Stoneheart?
2326	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	Will Michelle Fairley be playing Lady Stoneheart?She better be
2327	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-03	One of her arms kind of slumps and her face looked to droop... was almost like she was having a stroke. Or maybe I'm seeing something that wasn't there. Maybe it was just utter desolation.
Either way, horrifyingly good end for Lady Catelyn.
2328	Nami	2013-06-03	It was as if she was already dead. I thought it was perfect.
Her desperation in the book worked because we could read what she was thinking.
For tv, her catatonic state fit better to send the message.
2329	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-03	One word: heartbreaking
:-(
2330	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-03	One of her arms kind of slumps and her face looked to droop... was almost like she was having a stroke. Or maybe I'm seeing something that wasn't there. Maybe it was just utter desolation.Either way, horrifyingly good end for Lady Catelyn.I think they had her caked in prosthetics for the throat slash effects. She looked a bit like a wax figurine at the end(which actually wasn't cheesy, it added to the creepiness).
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion_the_Oneironaut, 03 June 2013 - 10:38 PM.
2331	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-03	Will Michelle Fairley be playing Lady Stoneheart?I heard she accidently let it slip about Stoneheart in one interview.
2332	Maizel	2013-06-03	I don't know about you,  but regardless of whatever was left out of the books, Fairley's performance was absolutely excellent in this episode.  
Never liked her much,  but she redeemed herself and then some in this episode. 
I'm hoping for all the books on the small screen,  but I fear season 4 will be the last.
I do really hope for more though.  I would love to see Fairley again.
2333	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-03	I don't know about you,  but regardless of whatever was left out of the books, Fairley's performance was absolutely excellent in this episode.  Never liked her much,  but she redeemed herself and then some in this episode.I'm hoping for all the books on the small screen,  but I fear season 4 will be the last.I do really hope for more though.  I would love to see Fairley again.Nah they said that it will go seven seasons in a article I read. Unless a ton of people tune out over the RW.
2334	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	I guess I'm the only one who thought her big NOOOO was a bit narm-y.
But I guess I just have a horrible sense of humor.
2335	DemonKing	2013-06-04	I guess I'm the only one who thought her big NOOOO was a bit narm-y.But I guess I just have a horrible sense of humor.I can't say for certain but I'm pretty sure if someone walked in and told me both my sons were dead my first reaction would proably not be to clench my fists, hold them out to my sides, tilt my head back, stare into the sky and bellow: "Nooooooooooo!", but somehow  that seems to be the only way movies/TV seem to be able to convey loss.
2336	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-04	Robb was completely lost, and the King became a boy again when he called for his mother.I have recently read that Sharon Tate's last words while she was being murdered were "mother". When I saw GOT I immediately thought of that. I thought that it was kind of fitting with Robb feeling totally broken and helpless.
2337	Net-Viper X	2013-06-04	I can't say for certain but I'm pretty sure if someone walked in and told me both my sons were dead my first reaction would proably not be to clench my fists, hold them out to my sides, tilt my head back, stare into the sky and bellow: "Nooooooooooo!", but somehow  that seems to be the only way movies/TV seem to be able to convey loss.Damn, I didn't realise how exact these events are to that Darth Vader scene at the end of Star Wars 3 until I read your description.
2338	ApathyZer0	2013-06-04	That "wail" at the end was so awkward and out of place that it completely took me out of the scene. How is it that the directors saw that take and said,"Oh yeah, that's the one right there." Completely boggles me. The rest of her performance was great and she had to have had better takes for the end, but oh well.
2339	Angmar	2013-06-04	It was very sad! Her voice breaking was what made it for me.
2340	Woman of War	2013-06-04	I guess in future TV history "The Rains Of Castamere" will be referred to as "That Fairley Episode".
2341	voodooqueen126	2013-06-04	She was under utilized and silenced throughout this whole season, and made to look stupid in the second season... Robb's story was really Catelyn's story, and I think, by silencing Catelyn in season 3 (and portraying as a 'weak irrational woman who aught to be at home with her children in season 2') the Red Wedding didn't really have the impact that it should have.
But I guess HBO wanted to focus on the boy hero, not on the middle aged woman, that every nubile sex object will age into...
2342	Woel	2013-06-04	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.In other words, I found it to be perfect. I couldn't have put it any better. I was surprised by Cat not shredding her face at first, but on a rewatch, what they did worked so much better. Michelle Fairley's acting was superb.
2343	Woman of War	2013-06-04	She was under utilized and silenced throughout this whole season, and made to look stupid in the second season... Robb's story was really Catelyn's story, and I think, by silencing Catelyn in season 3 (and portraying as a 'weak irrational woman who aught to be at home with her children in season 2') the Red Wedding didn't really have the impact that it should have.But I guess HBO wanted to focus on the boy hero, not on the middle aged woman, that every nubile sex object will age into.../agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2344	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	It was as if she was already dead. I thought it was perfect.Her desperation in the book worked because we could read what she was thinking.For tv, her catatonic state fit better to send the message.I agree, i dont get the ppl saying she should have been clawing at her face, sometimes less is more. you can literally see her heartbreak and die before they slit her throat.  I'd rather see real emotion that have over-acting and tears and snot running down someone's face.
2345	victim	2013-06-04	I can't say for certain but I'm pretty sure if someone walked in and told me both my sons were dead my first reaction would proably not be to clench my fists, hold them out to my sides, tilt my head back, stare into the sky and bellow: "Nooooooooooo!", but somehow  that seems to be the only way movies/TV seem to be able to convey loss.She yelled "AHHHHHH" not NO!
2346	LordStoneheart	2013-06-04	I didn't really appreciate her scream until second watch... so devastatingly real... and her face. All emmys belong to her.
On a side note, does anyone know where I might find the audio of the The Rains of Castamere that the musicians played during the episode? I really like it. Cello and some sort of lyre/harp accompaniment. and surprisingly subdued drums, but meh. that's for the nitpick thread.
2347	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-04	I didn't really appreciate her scream until second watch... so devastatingly real... and her face. All emmys belong to her.On a side note, does anyone know where I might find the audio of the The Rains of Castamere that the musicians played during the episode? I really like it. Cello and some sort of lyre/harp accompaniment. and surprisingly subdued drums, but meh. that's for the nitpick thread.That version from season 2 contains that part, but I have not found it in isolation yet.
2348	Boi	2013-06-04	I rewatched that episode 4 times now. In humour the only thought that comes to mind on those last seconds. The screaming, followed by silent heave as mouth remains open, then body clenchs and neck muscles strain, eyes closing, lips sticking out is - catsipated.
Her emotions shown throughout in such fine display of great preformance. That closure is questionable? It shows a state of mind but the change is arguably far to quick. From scream to be dropping a knife from killing. Then entering a state of mind, catatonic. How could she remain standing? The body would spasm limbs giving way to weak to stand, eyelids  flickering and twitching. Looking like rigamortis, breath held and body clenches.
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 04 June 2013 - 03:43 AM.
2349	Jarlix	2013-06-04	I retwatched that episode 4 times now. In humour the only thought that comes to mind on those last seconds. The screaming, followed by silent heave as mouth remains open, then body clenchs and neck muscles strain, eyes closing,  lips sticking out is - catsipated.Her emotions shown throughout in such fine display of great preformance. That closure is questionable? It shows a state of mind but the change is arguably far to quick. From scream to be dropping a knife from killing. Then entering a state of mind, catatonic. How could she remain standing? The body would spasm limbs giving way to weak to stand, eyelids  flickeing and twitching. Looking like rigamortis, breath held and body clenches.Catelyn at the end basically made me laugh my ass off. Sorry. It's Monty Python material. She just stands there in a daze like her brain hit a BLUE SCREEN ERROR, YOUR SON JUST DIED. which is natural, and I have no complaints regarding the delivery of it. But damn. The unintentional humour. Some guy just slipping in after a long pause and knifing her. As someone who's slipped in and out of mild catatonia throughout my life at the behest of my depression, I agree, but I don't think they followed the book's descent into madness.The show has this awkward way of adapting the things it adapts near perfectly but altering them so it's like entirely different people in the same roles making similar decisions but in their own different ways. This Cat just had a good deal of stress. Remember book Cat laughed after Bran's murder attempt, this one is very hard and stern. It follows then she was taken by grief but took it better in trade. The difference in how she handled Jon shows her book counterpart had more emotional fragility regarding most things besides their kids.
2350	Daske	2013-06-04	People here often say 'why do they change stuff for the sake of it?'. I thought this was a perfect example of 'why keep stuff the same for the sake of it?'.
The face clawing, craziness etc would have been too way over the top on screen. Her last act of violent defiance then that kind of final numb submission seemed much more sad and realistic the way it was portrayed - more human and gut-wrenching somehow than it did in the books (that's not to say it wasn't shocking, just not as moving somehow).
The acting was just phenomenal.
2351	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I agree face clawing would have been over the top, not that HBO hasn't gone over the top, but I liked what they did w/her scene and people seem to forget that the "line" about her hair wasn't spoken but thought and we know why she is laughing because we know what she's thinking, that would be virtually impossible to convey in a TV show.
2352	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	I agree face clawing would have been over the top, not that HBO hasn't gone over the top, but I liked what they did w/her scene and people seem to forget that the "line" about her hair wasn't spoken but thought and we know why she is laughing because we know what she's thinking, that would be virtually impossible to convey in a TV show.I agree. I think the director probably gave Fairley a lot of "space" to interperet the scene. The way her face and voice were transformed showed that she had reached the dark heart of the matter in her mind, not escaping into a more hysterical madness. It was different from the book. I love the face clawing in the book, but I think it would have been a distraction from the truth we witnessed on screen.
2353	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	She was under utilized and silenced throughout this whole season, and made to look stupid in the second season... Robb's story was really Catelyn's story, and I think, by silencing Catelyn in season 3 (and portraying as a 'weak irrational woman who aught to be at home with her children in season 2') the Red Wedding didn't really have the impact that it should have.But I guess HBO wanted to focus on the boy hero, not on the middle aged woman, that every nubile sex object will age into...Catelyn was one of my favorite characters in the book, and I can't imagine how many hours I wasted defending her when these books first came out.  But...isn't that kind of what happened to her in the books as well?  I mean, there's no question she made a few questionable decisions in the books that did not work out.  And, Robb sort of did sideline her in the books, ignored her advice (particularly after marrying Jeyne and her freeing Jaime), etc..I really took this season's Catelyn/Robb arc as centering on his incredibly poor decision to marry Talisa/Jeyne.  Catelyn was disapproving the whole time, and Robb just didn't want to hear it, even though Karstark and other events were suggesting he was wrong.  She was sidelined because Robb wanted her sidelined.But one specific gripe is that Catelyn never told Robb that one reason she released Jaime was because it looked like Karstark was going to kill him.  Robb wasn't there, Karstark was getting out of control, and a murdered Jaime would have been catastrophic.  It was the best reason she had for letting him go, and they did show that.  But she never mentioned it to Robb.Although, I suppose it's perhaps a somewhat lame excuse if she could have told some Winterfell guys to put a heavier guard on him.  Don't know whether she could have done that or not, but I imagine if she'd told someone from Winterfell to put a heavier guard on Robb's prisoner, they'd have obeyed her.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2013 - 08:38 AM.
2354	superdeluxe	2013-06-04	I guess I'm the only one who thought her big NOOOO was a bit narm-y.But I guess I just have a horrible sense of humor.As a parent,  I totally understand her reaction.
2355	David Selig	2013-06-04	But one specific gripe is that Catelyn never told Robb that one reason she released Jaime was because it looked like Karstark was going to kill him.  Robb wasn't there, Karstark was getting out of control, and a murdered Jaime would have been catastrophic.  It was the best reason she had for letting him go, and they did show that.  But she never mentioned it to Robb. Yes, it's like the showrunners forgot about this, quite annoying really. When Robb arrested her, she should've told him this. At the very least this would've happened once Rickard was executed and the Karstarks were gone.Although, I suppose it's perhaps a somewhat lame excuse if she could have told some Winterfell guys to put a heavier guard on him.  Don't know whether she could have done that or not, but I imagine if she'd told someone from Winterfell to put a heavier guard on Robb's prisoner, they'd have obeyed her. The Karstarks were half Robb's army (which makes no sense, but that's what the show established) so this would've probably ended in a disaster.
2356	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Yes, it's like the showrunners forgot about this, quite annoying really. When Robb arrested her, she should've told him this. At the very least this would've happened once Rickard was executed and the Karstarks were gone.The Karstarks were half Robb's army (which makes no sense, but that's what the show established) so this would've probably ended in a disaster.LOL, I forgot about that, it is a bit of a plot hole isn't it?  Oh well, no matter now.
2357	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-04	I couldn't have put it any better. I was surprised by Cat not shredding her face at first, but on a rewatch, what they did worked so much better. Michelle Fairley's acting was superb. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I had the same reaction, but on re-watch when I could digest it better, the look on her face is agonizing. I like that they played it this way instead of the face clawing. There was the devastation and a sort of acceptance of her death. She was already dead inside. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2358	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	She yelled "AHHHHHH" not NO!Same thing, really. It's the delivery that made me laugh.As a parent,  I totally understand her reaction.Didn't say it wasn't understandable. Just that I found it funny when it wasn't supposed to be. I tend to have inappropriate reactions to things that happen in television or works of fiction...
2359	silentwanderer	2013-06-04	Lol. We all know this is not going to happen.Nop, she didn't even get that much.,
2360	BurningCandle	2013-06-04	Wait wait. I'm reading some people saying Lady Stoneheart WON'T be in the tv series? Is that from an interview or something?
2361	kephv	2013-06-04	They lie.
2362	Maizel	2013-06-04	I think so far it's just guesswork. I'm pretty sure they won't just announce that Fairley is going to return next season,  with her character being dead and all,  it would be a major spoiler.
Or,  she might really just not return. Perhaps another actress? LS omitted entirely is a possibility too.
2363	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	But if they take out LS, I assume they will have to severely alter Jaime and Brienne's story. I assume something big is coming after Brienne showed up to take Jaime.
2364	Lord of Castamere	2013-06-04	I think Michelle Fairley was just perfect as Catelyn. With that last scream it seemed like all life left inside her came out as one last burst of agony. Leaving only a hallow shell behind. The blade that followed shortly really could do no more harm to her. Brilliant acting and writing. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2365	Drogo_1	2013-06-04	I was really disappointed with how she just went catatonic at the end. I understand it was a hard scene for her to shoot but I feel like if she had just toughed it out and gone all book Catelyn it would've played better. To be so grief stricken that she's tearing chunks out of her own face , then to have the Frey's in the background talking about how she's gone mad and for someone to end it. That would've been perfect. but alas they opted for the easy mute way. it's a shame.
2366	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-04	I actually think the mute, catatonic, emotionless, dead woman standing may be quite more difficult that acting crazy...I thought it was perfect. She was brilliant and made me feel for her even though  I didn't like her in the books and didn't pay much attention to her in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 04 June 2013 - 12:41 PM.
2367	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	I actually loved it. She was dead inside before her blood was spilled.How Michelle Fairley transformed her face (without shredding it) from jovial and beautiful, to madly desperate, to utter despair, to completely dead on the inside...that will haunt me. As a mother, I felt her death long before her throat was slashed.In other words, I found it to be perfect.I can not but agree with you.It might not be as dramatic without the shredding but you can really see that she dies then and there. She's dead before the knife bites her throat. Just perfect, so sad.
2368	I'll pay the iron price	2013-06-04	Yes, credit to Michelle Fairley who stole the show with her acting during the Red Wedding.
Cat wouldnt normally slaughter an innocent girl but she was at the end of the line, she knew she wasnt leaving that hall alive.
Heart rendering scene where she pleaded for her son to be set free /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2369	Eizweix	2013-06-04	As said, I think that at the end although she was still alive, she was already dead, you can only imagine how much she went through, all that suffering, sadness, deaths...
Her first to be husband was killed - Brandon Stark; then Bran fell (was pushed) from the tower; Ned Stark beheaded by the Lannisters; than the news that Bran and Rickon were killed by Theon (she didn't know they were alive); she never saw her daughters again; her father died and lastly just before she died she witnessed her sons / Robb murder.
So much death... she had to be a really strong women to go through all this.
2370	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	As said, I think that at the end although she was still alive, she was already dead, you can only imagine how much she went through, all that suffering, sadness, deaths...Her first to be husband was killed - Brandon Stark; then Bran fell (was pushed) from the tower; Ned Stark beheaded by the Lannisters; than the news that Bran and Rickon were killed by Theon (she didn't know they were alive); she never saw her daughters again; her father died and lastly just before she died she witnessed her sons / Robb murder.So much death... she had to be a really strong women to go through all this.Catelyn was one of my favorite characters.  She wasn't perfect, and made some bad decisions.  But she was totally devoted to her children, and not in the way that Cersei lived vicariously through hers.  She should a lot of courage on a lot of different occasions.  In fact, I don't think she ever showed much fear for herself in any situation.  That last scene, where you can see that she is utterly empty, was absolutely perfect.  As far as she was concerned, her children were all gone, and she there was nothing left that she could do.  Great character, brilliantly portrayed.  George said that he wrote her to portray sort of a mother archetype that had been missing from most fantasy, and he succeeded amazingly well.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2013 - 03:43 PM.
2371	Red Knight	2013-06-04	i for one really missed the face clawing, as some guy said before it would have made a hell of a cgi lady stonehearth
2372	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Well there's still room for the face clawing though. If they're going to toss her in the river and disrespect her body, there's nothing to stop them from cutting her face too.
2373	Envie	2013-06-04	I think I'm going to take sides with the camp that thinks their choice to show her silent and catatonic at the end was better than having her go crazy and rip her face to shreds as was described in the books. While that was definitely dramatic in reading, I'm not sure it would have played out as well on film. 
As many have said, Michelle's acting was so good you actually saw her go from shock to rage to dead inside long before her throat was cut. At the point she slit the girl's throat, the light went out and the woman standing there appeared already dead. Slitting her throat was mercy at that point. That was some amazingly powerful acting and needed nothing more added.
2374	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	I thought it was fucking fantastic. We don't get her internal monologue, so to have only got her laughing and going insane would have seemed out of place. But her strangled, dead sounding noise that escaped her mouth when Robb died was fucking spectacular. What a great piece of acting.
2375	Ugly Little Girl	2013-06-04	http://www.buzzfeed....oilers?s=mobile 
Some pretty strong suggestions in here that we haven't seen the last of Michelle Fairley /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I'm not really a fan of book LS and could gladly skip her chapters, however Fairley's characterisation and in particular her final scenes have me unbearably excited to see her return for bloody vengeance.
					
					
							Edited by Ugly Little Girl, 04 June 2013 - 05:26 PM.
2376	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	I'm not the biggest Stoneheart fan, because I love Catelyn so much, but I always felt excited to see her in the show due to how wonderful Fairley is as an actress and this has now been cemented.
2377	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	http://www.buzzfeed....oilers?s=mobileSome pretty strong suggestions in here that we haven't seen the last of Michelle Fairley /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm not really a fan of book LS and could gladly skip her chapters, however Fairley's characterisation and in particular her final scenes have me unbearably excited to see her return for bloody vengeance.Okay, that does give me hope that we'll see Lady Stoneheart in episode 10 and then they'll bring her back for an episode here and there in the future.
2378	David Selig	2013-06-04	If Stonehear can't speak in the show too, that makes it even more necessary to keep Michelle in the role, her face is so expressive she doesn't need words. And she's awesome in the chilling glares department.
2379	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	Perhaps "Lady Stoneheart" won't be on the show but undead Tailisa will be?   If MF didn't want to do another season it wouldn't be that hard to have another vengeful ghoul take her place wrecking vengeance on the Frey/Lannisters.
They've set resurrection and coming back "less" than you were into the world the show displays, I can't imagine they didn't do that intentionally because someone will be raised from the dead.  Most of the background material they choose to put in there is because it matters... and the stuff they left out is because they leave out the stuff attached to it as well.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 04 June 2013 - 06:06 PM.
2380	aedalia	2013-06-04	I thought she did a brilliant job. Made me sad that we didn't see more of her this season.
I'm glad they didn't turn her inner thoughts into dialogue- non-readers see a woman who died before she is dead and the silence for readers... well... we know what she was thinking, so it worked.
Also, I love, love, love that there isn't a hint of Stoneheart out there. I don't anticipate seeing her until after the credits roll in episode 10 of season 4 now, just like in the books.
2381	jmk51	2013-06-04	She's starting a new show on USA, but Varys (the actor) is in it to,  so I'm guessing they could do both. 
Honestly the whole LS plot was sort of disjointed, so it might get left out if it's not integral to the overall story going forward.
2382	jmk51	2013-06-04	She's starting a new show on USA, but Varys (the actor) is in it to,  so I'm guessing they could do both. 
Honestly the whole LS plot was sort of disjointed, so it might get left out if it's not integral to the overall story going forward.
2383	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Whoever directed it/edited/ approved that scenario, if they did the raking of this face/madness and chose that over it, it made a bad choice. The whole point is she goes made over her son, she thinks she lost everything, and the biggest kick to the pants was the sorrow as a reader, that she goes mad and does thinking she lost everyone, while her other children unbeknownst are still out there.
However, she is such a fine actress. She made it good. I bet she did the take as it should be and it was passed up.
2384	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	If Stonehear can't speak in the show too, that makes it even more necessary to keep Michelle in the role, her face is so expressive she doesn't need words. And she's awesome in the chilling glares department.Yep.Also to those saying UnTalisa: No.
2385	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Whoever directed it/edited/ approved that scenario, if they did the raking of this face/madness and chose that over it, it made a bad choice. The whole point is she goes made over her son, she thinks she lost everything, and the biggest kick to the pants was the sorrow as a reader, that she goes mad and does thinking she lost everyone, while her other children unbeknownst are still out there.However, she is such a fine actress. She made it good. I bet she did the take as it should be and it was passed up.Her going insane without the internal monologue we got as readers in the show would have been so out of place to a lot of watchers. We certainly got her powerful, completely desperate and then dead inside. Michelle was perfect.
2386	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	Whoever directed it/edited/ approved that scenario, if they did the raking of this face/madness and chose that over it, it made a bad choice. The whole point is she goes made over her son, she thinks she lost everything, and the biggest kick to the pants was the sorrow as a reader, that she goes mad and does thinking she lost everyone, while her other children unbeknownst are still out there.However, she is such a fine actress. She made it good. I bet she did the take as it should be and it was passed up.I'd rather see real emotion from an actress than some cgi shredding of the face.
2387	Where Boars Glow	2013-06-04	I think Michelle Fairley killed it. I thought the dead pan anguish was so much greater then madness. She ran the whole gamete of emotion in 2 minutes.
2388	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Her going insane without the internal monologue we got as readers in the show would have been so out of place to a lot of watchers. We certainly got her powerful, completely desperate and then dead inside. Michelle was perfect.Yeah, she was everything I expected.  The only possible way that going insane screaming and laughing and face clawing like in the book would have worked is if they spent the whole hour on the RW and so there was a lot more lead-up with Cat and her apprehension, her already overwhelming sadness, and barely holding it together all for Robb...and then there would have to be some link in the dialogue that the viewer would get which would trigger the insane laughter.  That would be very difficult to pull off, if not impossible.
2389	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Yeah, she was everything I expected.  The only possible way that going insane screaming and laughing and face clawing like in the book would have worked is if they spent the whole hour on the RW and so there was a lot more lead-up with Cat and her apprehension, her already overwhelming sadness, and barely holding it together all for Robb...and then there would have to be some link in the dialogue that the viewer would get which would trigger the insane laughter.  That would be very difficult to pull off, if not impossible.I agree. A lot of people don't understand that reading something and conjuring up our own images of said scene sometimes works so much better than translating it exactly how it is to the screen, which at times, like this, just would NOT work. I think Michelle Fairley killed it. I thought the dead pan anguish was so much greater then madness. She ran the whole gamete of emotion in 2 minutes. Yes.
2390	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	By the way the "Not my hair. Ned loved my hair" line while super touching whilst reading, would've just been really awkwardly cheesy in that scene, I think. Perhaps it could've worked but the general speed of how everything happens on screen would've made it strange, and plus that's not really something you say out loud.
2391	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	A lot of people don't understand that reading something and conjuring up our own images of said scene sometimes works so much better than translating it exactly how it is to the screen, which at times, like this, just would NOT work.I would bet the number of people watching that scene who didn't read the book and came away from it thinking "Would have been better if she'd scratched her face off" is nearly zero.
2392	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I agree.A lot of people don't understand that reading something and conjuring up our own images of said scene sometimes works so much better than translating it exactly how it is to the screen, which at times, like this, just would NOT work.Yes.I ran across this and thought you would appreciate it.  It's some guy's list of Cat Stark's five most badass moments in the series...which, although she doesn't get credit for it, she is a total badass from the word go, even though its all wrapped up in family and children.http://www.policymic...game-of-thrones
2393	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-04	I liked how she died emotionally after having displayed such realistic emotion all the way up until that. It seemed appropriate, realistic and foreshadowing. It also plays a little on the futile hope of the episode fading out there, before she's killed.
It could have worked with her raking her face as well but it could also come across as melodramatic. I'm not dismissing it but I didn't need it as what she did worked very well for me and obviously has created a ton of positive buzz among non-readers.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 04 June 2013 - 06:52 PM.
2394	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Sorry, but not liking the scene interpretation, does not mean I think she did a bad job with the face shot/quiet direction of Cat the show took.
The pause was too long and it lost umph. Could be the editing. Everything else was perfection.  And I have said that.
My opinion is that the raking of the face and madness was crucial and should have been there. Fairley is such a fine actress, I believe 100% that she could have done it and acted her ass off. And it would have been poignant and subtle for such a scene, because she is that good. It is hard playing mad/nervous breakdown.
Now if it was a bad actress, a scene like that could like overdone and campy. So why they didn't try it with her, or if they did and edited it, honestly I am scratching my head.
the scene they gave her -  99% amazing, if they would have stuck to the book -  100% amazing
I think it is just a matter of a difference of opinion here. 
Also, the madness is sad on so many levels because seconds earlier she was a shrewd and calulating brave woman, who had just grabbed a Frey and was sacrificing herself for her son, but when he goes, it crumbles and she loses it, and it was blood-curdling and sad in the book. Her fire was gone.
2395	Q the Cat	2013-06-04	The last scream was haunting. It felt like her soul left her body and what was left was just an empty shell.Precisely my thoughts.  I was wondering how they could pull off the scratching of her face without making it look too much like a cheap horror film.  This adjustment worked brilliantly.
2396	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-04	in the game of thrones wiki they put Michelle Fairley status as: Role Ended
but I think she'll be back as Stoneheart
It'll be silly to hire another actress, Michelle is brilliant
2397	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	in the game of thrones wiki they put Michelle Fairley status as: Role Endedbut I think she'll be back as StoneheartIt'll be silly to hire another actress, Michelle is brilliantUnless they entirely bypass it which would be really fucking weird considering all the focus on the Lord of Light, resurrection, and what would be the point of Brienne anymore?
2398	Q the Cat	2013-06-04	Thinkng more on it, I'm liking it more.  The last face we see of Cat (in the books) becomes the face of Lady Stoneheart.  Cat's last face, her catatonia etc will make for a superb Stoneheart.I hadn't thought of this, but it makes perfect sense.  If Catelyn had scratched up her face, then that would be the face make-up would have to deal with for the rest of the series'.  I also agree that the translation from book to screen in this particular case, really would have needed all of Catelyn's internal dialogue.  I just don't see how they could have done that.In my opinion, the changes they made were brilliant.  Michelle Fairley was absolutely incredible.
2399	Q the Cat	2013-06-04	Robb was completely lost, and the King became a boy again when he called for his mother.That's exactly what I thought.  It made my heart break even more.
2400	Q the Cat	2013-06-04	I thought the scene was perfect. The moment that one of the Freys shut the door and Catelyn realized things were taking a turn was stomach-churning but the decision to begin the actual violence with the murder of Talisa was utterly shocking, and in fact that choice just hammered home the depths of the Freys' fury, that they would begin a massacre by butchering a pregnant woman simply b/c she carried a prince or princess that Frey wanted for himself. Ugh. I loved how they cut back and forth to what was happening outside, allowing Arya to observe things as they happened, which is a nice way for her to understand her mother and brother are dead as opposed to her realizing it in a dream. By the time Sandor Clegane conked her on the head I was thinking it was a mercy.But ultimately the scene really belonged to Madden and Fairley. I disagree that Madden's acting was off. I think it was perfect and it brought the whole scene full circle from the beginning of the ep, when Robb and Cat are back on the same page and are a team again. In fact, that's what makes it all so tragic: Robb checks out much the same way his mother does, when he loses everything, which to him is his wife and child and his men. Only in opera does the hero rage against the dying of the light when he's lost everything and has a bunch of arrows stuck in his back and chest. For a show like this, to see the King of the North brought low, crawling to his dead, bloody wife and just giving up? Nothing is more appropriate and more powerful, especially set against Catelyn's desperate pleading for him to get out. He doesn't want to get out, he wants to give up, and his giving up informs Catelyn's own catatonia. The two of them really are so much alike, even at the moment of death, and while it was horrible to watch, I rather loved that they did it that way. It was the perfect ending to their stories (such as it is) and to their relationship, which was one of the best on the show.I am also very relieved, frankly, that they didn't do the facial mutilation. It would have come off as campy, even with an actress as talented as Fairley. Done as is, we got to see the light literally leave Cat's huge, wide eyes and become something else, a beautiful foreshadowing of Lady Stoneheart's expression. The throat cutting done as afterthought was powerful, too--she was dead before the blade touched her throat, and she looked almost relieved when it happened.Thank you so much for writing this out.  You really captured my thoughts as well.Michelle and Madden were stellar!
2401	Dreams Of Spring	2013-06-04	Thought she was absolutely riveting.  Shock, horror, anger, disbelief, desperation all at the same time.Agreed. Michelle Fairley was amazing in this scene, from the reaction and expression on her face when Rains of Castamere began to play, the slap across Roose Boltons face (I give her 10 thumbs up for that) and the finale, I felt an utter emotional devastation from her performance, she was just outstanding.
					
					
							Edited by Nouvae, 04 June 2013 - 07:41 PM.
2402	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	Unless they entirely bypass it which would be really fucking weird considering all the focus on the Lord of Light, resurrection, and what would be the point of Brienne anymore?After the focus on that stuff it's virtually certain that someone will be undead.  Undead Talisa!
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 04 June 2013 - 07:46 PM.
2403	Nanaki	2013-06-04	Do you think Arya, connected to Nymeria, will find Catelyn's body in the river ? Or do they will cut that scene ?
2404	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-04	The ending was perfection. Robb, King in the North, in his last word said "Mother..." It was like all the power and grandeur of the crown had gone from his person and he was regressed back to a sad little boy. 
Then the catatonic Catelyn who was dead before her throat was ever cut. Damn....to think of all the pain this woman has been through throughout the entire series. Her favorite child Bran was thrown out of a tower. Her beloved husband's head was chopped off. She lost her two girls to the Lannisters. She thought Theon Greyjoy butchered her youngest sons. Then, Robb Stark, all she had left in the world was betrayed and stabbed in the heart by his own sworn bannerman. What was left for that woman to live for? What was left to hold on to? All she could do was muster a guttural, animalistic scream and go comatose.
2405	Citadel_acolyte	2013-06-04	I thought the reactions of numb shock on the part of Cat and Robb worked well for television. She looked like a woman whose whole world was decimated. Frankly, I always found the hysterical face shredding a bit out of character for Cat anyway.  Lysa maybe, but not Cat.  I did like her inner monologue in the book and the way that time really stopped in the novel in the moments before her throat was cut. Her thoughts about Ned liking her long hair were poignant and I wish there was a way to include some indication that her last thoughts were about Ned.While I missed the sense that the Northmen were fighting back at the RW, I think they actually did a good job of focussing on Cat and Robb in those final moments.  When Cat pleas for Robb to be spared and he calls out "mother" just before Roose kills him.  That was tragic.
2406	booknerd2	2013-06-04	I took it in the book as that exactly. It is not what self-contained Cat would have done even a minute ago when she was trying to negotiate for Robb. It was the second she lost herself and wasn't herslef because she became totally unhinged. 
But I can see that with some of the effects, if the scratches weren't just right, or the blood was too much it could look bad.
2407	Kellyline	2013-06-04	Was anyone else annoyed by the effects of her throat being cut? It was so distastefully done, especially for this show. I understand that these things happened in the book, but it looked horrible spraying like that.
2408	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Actually, I saw a gif that slowed it down and it looks so fake. It is purple and too perfect and it spills out unnaturally. 
Honestly, after a pregnant lady got, cut I was too in shock to notice.
2409	wandarah	2013-06-04	Thinkng more on it, I'm liking it more.  The last face we see of Cat (in the books) becomes the face of Lady Stoneheart.  Cat's last face, her catatonia etc will make for a superb Stoneheart.if there is a Lady Stoneheart /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Unless all the actors are playing uber keepy-quiety, I'm not sure there will be.
2410	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	if there is a Lady Stoneheart /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Unless all the actors are playing uber keepy-quiety, I'm not sure there will be.How many people would need to keep quiet though? They could have just not shown anyone and told the few people involved in the filming to stay quiet. It's not like any other cast members are present in the scene, so they wouldn't need to even know it was filmed. If they do resurrection or they do the epilogue scene, either way. Epilogue scene even moreso.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 04 June 2013 - 08:42 PM.
2411	Nezzer	2013-06-04	Was anyone else annoyed by the effects of her throat being cut? It was so distastefully done, especially for this show. I understand that these things happened in the book, but it looked horrible spraying like that.Actually, I read an article somewhere of a doctor saying the blood should be spraying even harder, like a hose. So apparently it wasn't gory enough /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2412	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-06-04	I do wonder how much longer Michelle Fairley's going to want to hang around in a drastically reduced role.  Stoneheart's a cool character and all, but she's pretty one-note, doesn't say much, and is kind of in the background up until Winds of Winter (at the earliest).
2413	victim	2013-06-04	I do wonder how much longer Michelle Fairley's going to want to hang around in a drastically reduced role.  Stoneheart's a cool character and all, but she's pretty one-note, doesn't say much, and is kind of in the background up until Winds of Winter (at the earliest).Every time she appears from now on will be in a guest role capacity. I mean, Ciaran Hinds and Diana Rigg were both "guests" this season, and they were in a lot more scenes than Stoneheart will ever be. She'll get other jobs (she's going to be on Suits), but will return to Game of Thrones whenever she is needed. We won't see her name on the opening credits again (except for Mysha).
2414	teemo	2013-06-04	Was anyone else annoyed by the effects of her throat being cut? It was so distastefully done, especially for this show. I understand that these things happened in the book, but it looked horrible spraying like that.I think it looked horribly fake.
2415	lannistergold	2013-06-04	I'm glad there was no face-shredding, and unlike the previous posters, I thought her reaction was PERFECT.  It was the picture of utter and complete desolation. Her world was shattered and in that moment she was nothing but a void of despair.This. It was one of those moments in the book that was gruesome for the sake of gruesome (of all the desperately grief-stricken people in the world, how many shred their own faces), and the stillness of her last moment added to the emotional impact, IMO.
2416	Faint	2013-06-04	I just heard today that Michelle Fairley only signed a three-year contract. So even if they do keep Lady Stoneheart, it looks like they will have to re-cast.
2417	Teren_Kanan	2013-06-04	I think it looked horribly fake.I've never seen a throat slit in real life, so I honestly don't know!.Talisa's death was one of the most brutal things I've seen on television. The shock and horror on her face as it happened.Robb's "Mother" was one of the most powerful moments of the scene for me. As others have noted, Robb the King turned into Robb the Boy again, lost and afraid, calling for his mother.Michelle's acting pretty much took the scene though, So fantastically done!Loved everything about it.
2418	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	Robb's "Mother" was one of the most powerful moments of the scene for me.I thought the line was a bit dry myself.   Was looking for a more young boyish "Mommy" or something with more feel.  It was kind of a soulless "mother" and I was expecting something youthful and sad, a boy wanting his mom to make the pain go away....
2419	victim	2013-06-04	I thought the line was a bit dry myself.   Was looking for a more young boyish "Mommy" or something with more feel.  It was kind of a soulless "mother" and I was expecting something youthful and sad, a boy wanting his mom to make the pain go away....I don't know, I'd be pretty damn weary after being shot by three crossbow bolts. He was fatigued, close to death, and essentially done after witnessing his wife die. He didn't want to live any more. He mustered a single word, calling out for his mum. I thought it was played perfectly, to be honest.
2420	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	I thought the line was a bit dry myself.   Was looking for a more young boyish "Mommy" or something with more feel.  It was kind of a soulless "mother" and I was expecting something youthful and sad, a boy wanting his mom to make the pain go away....I really didn't think when he said it that it was a return to childhood. I think he was trying to tell her that it was over, to just give up. That's what it sounded like. I don't think it was a boy crying for mommy. It was a man telling his mother to stop fighting the inevitable.
2421	Q the Cat	2013-06-04	Robb's "mother" was also excellent.  Since clearly it can be interpreted in different ways.  
1.) Robb has just seen his wife and unborn child brutally murdered and his men are dying all around him.  He is broken and devastated and knows this is the end.   He is telling his mother to stop fighting the inevitable.
2.) Robb has just seen his wife and unborn child brutally murdered and his men are dying all around him.  He is in shock and is jarred from being King in the North to a sad, frightened boy.
Maybe it's not 'either/or', but it's a 'both/and'.   If so, well played Mr. Madden (and D&D).
2422	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	I really didn't think when he said it that it was a return to childhood. I think he was trying to tell her that it was over, to just give up. That's what it sounded like. I don't think it was a boy crying for mommy. It was a man telling his mother to stop fighting the inevitable.I thought he just sounded confused. Like he was standing there thinking "wha...what just happened?"
2423	The Mountain That Posts	2013-06-04	Robb's "mother" was also excellent.  Since clearly it can be interpreted in different ways.  1.) Robb has just seen his wife and unborn child brutally murdered and his men are dying all around him.  He is broken and devastated and knows this is the end.   He is telling his mother to stop fighting the inevitable.2.) Robb has just seen his wife and unborn child brutally murdered and his men are dying all around him.  He is in shock and is jarred from being King in the North to a sad, frightened boy.Maybe it's not 'either/or', but it's a 'both/and'.   If so, well played Mr. Madden (and D&D).Exactly. Richard's acting post-Talisa murder made the episode. He was brilliant AFTER all the mushy stuff.
2424	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	I guess I read the book differently so Robb wasn't as impressive.  A second viewing maybe would change my mind but I kept expecting the finall call of "Mommy!" moment and it never arrived.
2425	Montey14	2013-06-04	At first I was dissapointed that they didn't portray the scene as it was in the book. But after watching the re-airs a couple of times I think they made the right move in not letting Fairley claw off her face and go into a deranged laughter. What Martin writes in the book is perfect to portray the sense of utter carnage and savagery and eliciting raw emotions in the reader that made you want to fling the book across the room .  I guess you need the over the top violence to stimulate your imagination  on just how bloody and villainous this betrayal was ....If they portrayed it the same way on screen they would have made it look like some B movie gore fest.  So upon further evaluation  I think they did a great job with the RW....Maybe we'll see Cats face chewed off after the fish her out of the river ...and hence the Lady Stoneheart born.  I'm sure there are plenty of hungry critters in the riverlands looking for a pretty face to chew off.
2426	CKPS63	2013-06-04	From the interviews I've been seeing, Michelle is making it sound like this is "it" for her, and that her contract for GoT is now over -- Lena Headey also said something like "it's been so wonderful working (past tense) with Michelle."  Is this just coy, anti-spoiler "pretend" talk  from HBO and the stars, or is Michelle really not coming back?  That would certainly impact the theory of many that next week's episode will end with an important surprise "reveal."  Worse, it fills me with this sudden terror that the reason they spent two seasons (problematically) building up the Talisa character is so that she can be transformed into  . . . uh, well -- you know . . .l instead of a certain other actress who may have decided to bow out of the series altogether.  Which sounds like it would be simply dreadful.  Maybe they'll just have Michelle sit Season 4 out until the last episode or something?   Anybody got any inside info on this?
2427	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	if they make Talisa into lady stoneheart........UGHHHHHHHHHH
2428	Faint	2013-06-04	From the interviews I've been seeing, Michelle is making it sound like this is "it" for her, and that her contract for GoT is now over . . .Yeah, as I mentioned before, I even heard today that she only had a three-season contract. Along with what Lena Headey said on Twitter and all the interviews after the show, it does look like Fairley is done with the series. I don't know whether that means they will re-cast, or whether they are dropping the character, or, as you suggest, changing her into Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by Faint, 04 June 2013 - 11:30 PM.
2429	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-04	Lol if Talisa is Stoneheart, I would quit. It may be pissy of me, but I would quit. I'd rather have no Stoneheart than unTalisa. After the in my opinion unnecessary changes to the wedding (not bad, per se, just unnecessary), if they make her Lady Stoneheart I will legitimately quit because the rage at this adaptation would be far too great. The bonus for that though would be that its impossible to spoil me because I would just assume anything that happens in the show after it passes the books is made up out of nowhere LOL
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 04 June 2013 - 11:25 PM.
2430	Faint	2013-06-04	I think it more likely that they simply re-cast the part. Catelyn after death looks so different from Catelyn in life, that it won't matter that much.
2431	CKPS63	2013-06-04	if they make Talisa into lady stoneheart........UGHHHHHHHHHHExactly.  And apparently, this was not quite the absolute crackpot theory I was thinking it was when I was posting -- I've now run across a few other posts on this forum expressing the same creeping horror of an "Un-Talisa."  You know -- I kept my mouth shut and tried to make the best of it last year as the absurd re-write of Dany's Qarth adventures pulled the rest of the season down with it; but I really think I'd have a hard time with a change to "Lady Doctorheart."
2432	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Recasting major characters on TV is terrible, especially if you're supposed to sympathize with that person. Quite simply no one will give a shit about her because she's not the woman we saw suffer and get killed. 
I'm really disappointed now /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Feeling like LS isn't going to happen. Would've been one of the better things to play out on TV versus the book since we have that visual connection. And if its UnTalisa which I'm 99% sure will never happen I will lose it.
2433	Sun	2013-06-04	Michelle Fairly and Richard Madden were both brilliant. Catelyn's confrontation with Walder at the end redeemed her as a character. She was magnificent. The scene also sets up well Catrlyn's transformation into cold, vengeful, unremitting Lady Stoneheart.
I thought that final scene was what saved RW and the episode.
2434	Q the Cat	2013-06-05	I will not give up hope in Michelle as Lady Stoneheart.
Please, HBO/D&D, and Michelle - we want the REAL Lady Stoneheart!!!
2435	Kobayashi Maru	2013-06-05	I too want to see Lady Stoneheart hanging some Freys. It wouldn't be the same if they recast.
2436	Lord Ben	2013-06-05	if they make Talisa into lady stoneheart........UGHHHHHHHHHH Why though?  It doesn't functionally change all that much.   That it's as accurate as it is with nearly 3 seasons completed is quite a virtue.   But really they're making something that should be able to stand on it's own, not a companion piece.
2437	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-06-05	Considering Lady Stoneheart is just a back ground presense and really only has one or two scenes, I don't think it would be too hard for them to have her return for a guest appearance later on down the track. Even if she gets another gig (which I'm sure she will, she's fantastic) They didn't need to recast Walder Frey and got David Bradly back for another scene seasons later. Its seems like they'd be able to manage the same with Michelle Fairly.
2438	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-05	By the way the "Not my hair. Ned loved my hair" line while super touching whilst reading, would've just been really awkwardly cheesy in that scene, I think. Perhaps it could've worked but the general speed of how everything happens on screen would've made it strange, and plus that's not really something you say out loud.Yes it probably would have seemed taken out of the blue. Why would she start thinking about their hair all of a sudden? Why would she be afraid that they would cut it?
2439	Woman of War	2013-06-05	They replaced the "not my hair..." line with that little story of how Ned spared her the bedding, which was equally touching since Ned here had gone out of his way in order to avoid her getting humiliated.
Edit: Was Bran's dream - or vision - about tree climbing and that terrible Cat not a hint at Lady Stoneheart being in the story?
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 05 June 2013 - 04:33 AM.
2440	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	Considering Lady Stoneheart is just a back ground presense and really only has one or two scenes, I don't think it would be too hard for them to have her return for a guest appearance later on down the track. Even if she gets another gig (which I'm sure she will, she's fantastic) They didn't need to recast Walder Frey and got David Bradly back for another scene seasons later. Its seems like they'd be able to manage the same with Michelle Fairly.I thought the same they can keep beric and have a hooded person stand in without showing the face (maybe guest appearance down the line). Especially since they showed the BwB as a bunch of bandits that sold ppl, they could have beric using the brotherhood to give justice for ned's widow.
2441	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	I read that Michelle Fairley let it slip about Stoneheart, but maybe that was just talking about where her charecter would go.
2442	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-05	I just heard today that Michelle Fairley only signed a three-year contract. So even if they do keep Lady Stoneheart, it looks like they will have to re-cast.As I see it, it does not mean a re-cast. If you goes from being a regular actor to a guest actor that should mean a different contract.
2443	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Wonder what they will have her do anyway, just show a few scenes of her hanging Freys until Brienne shows up?
2444	Cadiva	2013-06-05	Frankly, I always found the hysterical face shredding a bit out of character for Cat anyway.  Lysa maybe, but not Cat. I agree, I found it to be out of character for her as well, she didn't have a "hysterical" personality and a reaction of that nature felt off for me. It worked better within the book because of the internal monologue the reader also had as she was "shredding" her face and the line about Ned always loving her hair carried with it a weight of poignancy because they'd had a marriage based on love, something we see clearly among the other major players in the books as being pretty rare.I could easily see Lysa going absolutely hysterically nuts, her character is written to be that way, she's an emotive, impulsive woman not easily able to control her emotions, Cat is written as pretty much her exact opposite.
2445	Ran	2013-06-05	The point is that it's out of her character. That's exactly the point. So much of her pain and grief is internalized. So much of what makes Catelyn who she is that -- despite opinions to the contrary -- she's an immensely rational person who controls herself, who thinks things through, who hides what she feels to project what strength she can.And at that moment of complete, horrific loss, she loses all of it. Her self-control and her rationality are stripped from her. The agony becomes externalized, it is too big to be contained. She is destroyed.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 05 June 2013 - 04:56 AM.
2446	Cadiva	2013-06-05	The point is that it's out of her character. That's exactly the point. So much of her pain and grief is internalized. So much of what makes Catelyn who she is that -- despite opinions to the contrary -- she's an immensely rational person who controls herself, who thinks things through, who hides what she feels to project what strength she can.And at that moment of complete, horrific loss, she loses all of it. Her self-control and her rationality are stripped from her. The agony becomes externalized, it is too big to be contained. She is destroyed.And I still don't find it believable that losing all self-control and rationality leads you to claw your face to shreds.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 05 June 2013 - 05:10 AM.
2447	Ran	2013-06-05	People cut themselves and perform other forms of self-harm all the time as a reaction to severe emotional turmoil, in this very day and age.
Historical accounts of people tearing at their faces, their hair, their clothing, as a sign of grief is also well-established. The ancient Jews were said to do it, the Greeks certainly did, and accounts of such behavior are rife. 
That's actual reality. It's not about believing or not.
2448	Cadiva	2013-06-05	People cut themselves and perform other forms of self-harm all the time as a reaction to severe emotional turmoil, in this very day and age.Historical accounts of people tearing at their faces, their hair, their clothing, as a sign of grief is also well-established. The ancient Jews were said to do it, the Greeks certainly did, and accounts of such behavior are rife.That's actual reality. It's not about believing or not.Urm whether it's actual reality or not is actually irrelevant to whether or not I personal buy into the character of Cat Stark going into hysterical meltdown and clawing her face to shreds. At no point have I said it doesn't occur in reality or that I don't believe it could happen to someone. For me, personally, I don't believe that the way her character has been written throughout the previous books would result in her clawing her face to shreds.And I still don't find it believable that losing all self-control and rationality leads you to claw your face to shreds.The believability of this statement is referring to the character of Cat Stark as that is what the previous conversation was regarding, not people in general.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 05 June 2013 - 05:29 AM.
2449	Ran	2013-06-05	Ah, well, yes, that would be your problem. The whole point, as I said, is that it's deliberately out of her character -- it's the opposite of everything she normally did in response to grief and tragedy. Because she's destroyed.
One might compare, very loosely, to her reaction to Bran's fall. She barely sleeps or eat, she doesn't take care of herself, she ages twenty years, and when Jon arrives, she says the most horrible thing she's ever said to anyone in her life. All because she's lost control, she's no longer rational, the grief is too overwhelming. Later, when she's restored to herself, she feels very guilty about her behavior (including what she said to Jon) and her loss of self-control, and resolves not to let that happen again.
So, it's established that Catelyn can act in uncharacteristic ways in response to grief. This is just the ultimate grief, the straw that breaks the camel's back. What's more uncharacteristic of Catelyn than a complete loss of control? Where do you go with it? Self-mutilation to try and "get the pain out" seems like a start.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 05 June 2013 - 05:36 AM.
2450	Cadiva	2013-06-05	Ah, well, yes, that would be your problem. The whole point, as I said, is that it's deliberately out of her character -- it's the opposite of everything she normally did in response to grief and tragedy. Because she's destroyed.One might compare, very loosely, to her reaction to Bran's fall. She barely sleeps or eat, she doesn't take care of herself, she ages twenty years, and when Jon arrives, she says the most horrible thing she's ever said to anyone in her life. All because she's lost control, she's no longer rational, the grief is too overwhelming. Later, when she's restored to herself, she feels very guilty about her behavior (including what she said to Jon) and her loss of self-control, and resolves not to let that happen again.So, it's established that Catelyn can act in uncharacteristic ways in response to grief. This is just the ultimate grief, the straw that breaks the camel's back.Which is fine, it's how GRRM has written those two scenes, it doesn't mean it has to work for every reader. In my case, the former works because she is focussing on Bran's recovery and as a mother I can understand and relate to that. The later I don't buy because, for me, it appears to be completely beyond any kind of logical or even emotive response for the character of Cat Stark.Even taken into account with her behaviour with Bran, I would find it far more believable that she would simply shut down, that her rational thought processes would be so utterly destroyed by what she's just seen that she can no longer function - an extreme reaction to her behaviour when Bran was injured. For her to lose all control to the point at which she starts behaving like a wailing banshee just doesn't work for me at all and I don't believe is in character for her, even when her previous behaviour is taken into account.It's an observation on why I felt the way they portrayed the scene on the TV show worked far better than having her stood there shredding her face and laughing maniacally, it's not supposed to be convincing anyone else that their opinion is wrong. It's also not "my problem", it's my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 05 June 2013 - 05:44 AM.
2451	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	I take her going batshit at Robb being killed as the straw that broke the camels back. she's had her husband killed, her father dead and Arya, Bran and Rickon are assumed dead. All of this happens in about a year or so. For the most part she  keeps all her grief inside, so when Roose stabbed Robb and killed him, she just finally completely lost it due to all the things that had happened to her.
2452	Jarlix	2013-06-05	Ah, well, yes, that would be your problem. The whole point, as I said, is that it's deliberately out of her character -- it's the opposite of everything she normally did in response to grief and tragedy. Because she's destroyed.One might compare, very loosely, to her reaction to Bran's fall. She barely sleeps or eat, she doesn't take care of herself, she ages twenty years, and when Jon arrives, she says the most horrible thing she's ever said to anyone in her life. All because she's lost control, she's no longer rational, the grief is too overwhelming. Later, when she's restored to herself, she feels very guilty about her behavior (including what she said to Jon) and her loss of self-control, and resolves not to let that happen again.So, it's established that Catelyn can act in uncharacteristic ways in response to grief. This is just the ultimate grief, the straw that breaks the camel's back. What's more uncharacteristic of Catelyn than a complete loss of control? Where do you go with it? Self-mutilation to try and "get the pain out" seems like a start.Basically. It's perfectly in line with her book characterization whereas her penultimate conclusion at the height of this episode was more in line with the stern resilience that HBO portrayed her as having. It sort of brings to mind the Catelyn they casted in the pilot, who had a more soft and younger looking face, when I think of the slight differences between them.
					
					
							Edited by Jarlix, 05 June 2013 - 07:03 AM.
2453	The_Lone_Direwolf	2013-06-05	I take her going batshit at Robb being killed as the straw that broke the camels back. she's had her husband killed, her father dead and Arya, Bran and Rickon are assumed dead. All of this happens in about a year or so. For the most part she  keeps all her grief inside, so when Roose stabbed Robb and killed him, she just finally completely lost it due to all the things that had happened to her.Exactly. Not to mention hearing that Sansa has been forced into a Lannister marriage (Tyrion of all people) and hearing "Jamie Lannister sends his regards...".Being personally responsible for his release she would think she has caused it all. I don't blame her for snapping.Show wise I thought the crazy Cat screaming at Bran in his falling dream was a foreshadow that we would see her go mad before she died.I even suspected that the look Jojen gave him straight after indicated he understood what the real meaning of it was.
2454	Envie	2013-06-05	As someone who understands a great deal about the motivations of self-harming, I'd like to correct the assumption that it's just a 'bat shit crazy' response someone does as a straw-breaking-camel's-back moment of trauma. No, in fact most self harming is a carefully controlled behavior much as self medicating is used to take away pain, it's a specific dosage of pain self administered to focus the pain somewhere else than inside, where it's eating the person up. It's like someone smashing your fingers backwards while you're complaining of a headache...one pain cancels out the other.The significance of this with Cat's ending is purely opinion for most, but to me, having her 'go crazy' and rake her face off was yes, definitely uncharacteristic of the woman who spent her entire life internalizing her emotional pain. It worked in the book because we're reading a private POV monologue from the character herself. You are privy to all of her internal emotions and thoughts and motivations which you are not when you watch the show Catelyn. Self harming is not 'going crazy' - in fact it's what keeps many persons suffering emotional trauma from going crazy at all as much as the acts themselves appear crazy to many who don't do that. Everyone has a coping mechanism and for many they never find out what that mechanism is and yes, they pop their corks and go crazy. Just thought I'd clear that up. Did Catelyn Stark really go crazy in the end and now they've downplayed that by having her go catatonic instead? I don't think that was done to change Lady Stoneheart's motivations so much as make the special effects and future appearances easier to handle, much as they did not show Tyrion's nose being cut off.
2455	Jamie's left hand	2013-06-05	I didn't like Cat in the episode she's my least favorite actor and character for that matter
2456	Cadiva	2013-06-05	As someone who understands a great deal about the motivations of self-harming, I'd like to correct the assumption that it's just a 'bat shit crazy' response someone does as a straw-breaking-camel's-back moment of trauma. No, in fact most self harming is a carefully controlled behavior much as self medicating is used to take away pain, it's a specific dosage of pain self administered to focus the pain somewhere else than inside, where it's eating the person up. It's like someone smashing your fingers backwards while you're complaining of a headache...one pain cancels out the other.The significance of this with Cat's ending is purely opinion for most, but to me, having her 'go crazy' and rake her face off was yes, definitely uncharacteristic of the woman who spent her entire life internalizing her emotional pain. It worked in the book because we're reading a private POV monologue from the character herself. You are privy to all of her internal emotions and thoughts and motivations which you are not when you watch the show Catelyn.Self harming is not 'going crazy' - in fact it's what keeps many persons suffering emotional trauma from going crazy at all as much as the acts themselves appear crazy to many who don't do that. Everyone has a coping mechanism and for many they never find out what that mechanism is and yes, they pop their corks and go crazy. Just thought I'd clear that up.Did Catelyn Stark really go crazy in the end and now they've downplayed that by having her go catatonic instead? I don't think that was done to change Lady Stoneheart's motivations so much as make the special effects and future appearances easier to handle, much as they did not show Tyrion's nose being cut off.Thanks for that Envie, I've always understood self-harming to be a control mechanism as well not, as you say - going bat shit crazy. The only person I know who has self-harmed in the past struggles with other emotional issues as well (ADHD/Autism traits) and has said she did it because she felt it was the only thing she was able to make a concious decision about.I also agree with you re-the special effects logistics probably playing a part in the decision as well.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 05 June 2013 - 10:21 AM.
2457	tallTale	2013-06-05	When do you all think we see (un)Cat again?
Season 5?
2458	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-05	As someone who understands a great deal about the motivations of self-harming, I'd like to correct the assumption that it's just a 'bat shit crazy' response someone does as a straw-breaking-camel's-back moment of trauma. No, in fact most self harming is a carefully controlled behavior much as self medicating is used to take away pain, it's a specific dosage of pain self administered to focus the pain somewhere else than inside, where it's eating the person up. It's like someone smashing your fingers backwards while you're complaining of a headache...one pain cancels out the other.The significance of this with Cat's ending is purely opinion for most, but to me, having her 'go crazy' and rake her face off was yes, definitely uncharacteristic of the woman who spent her entire life internalizing her emotional pain. It worked in the book because we're reading a private POV monologue from the character herself. You are privy to all of her internal emotions and thoughts and motivations which you are not when you watch the show Catelyn. Self harming is not 'going crazy' - in fact it's what keeps many persons suffering emotional trauma from going crazy at all as much as the acts themselves appear crazy to many who don't do that. Everyone has a coping mechanism and for many they never find out what that mechanism is and yes, they pop their corks and go crazy. Just thought I'd clear that up. Did Catelyn Stark really go crazy in the end and now they've downplayed that by having her go catatonic instead? I don't think that was done to change Lady Stoneheart's motivations so much as make the special effects and future appearances easier to handle, much as they did not show Tyrion's nose being cut off.Good to see this comment from someone that really knows about self-harming. I've always thought what you write here, that it's a very controlled but extreme form of dealing with your pain, but I've also been very aware that I'm not fully knowledgeable on the subject. I've never gotten the impression that people that cut themselves do it in huge bursts of emotion, it's always seemed like they do it quietly.I don't think it changes any motivations for Lady Stoneheart either. She's not aggressive, she's the cold vengeance that remains. If anything the show foreshadowed that in my eyes.Not that I have any problems with how it was in the book either. It worked very well and I can counteract the melodrama easier in my head than when I see it on screen. That it's not necessarily realistic that a woman that's so well versed in self-control reacts like that I don't really care, just as I can get past that what Tyrion did to Shae wouldn't have killed her (how to choke someone out is something I am knowledgeable about).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 05 June 2013 - 11:03 AM.
2459	Eizweix	2013-06-05	When do you all think we see (un)Cat again?Season 5?Probably, tho she took over the BWB in the 3rd book, so we might see her in season 4, maybe at the end (as a cliffhanger). /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2460	Lady Ivy	2013-06-05	I like the catatonic state Cat was in. She goes crazy. Clawing your own face or going catatonic, both is crazy enough for me. I don't mind not shooting very complicated scenes, same thing as with Tyrion's nose.
2461	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-05	I think they said they are interested more in telling the story chronologically now than sticking to the one book one season thing. So since Catelyn was revived pretty close to the wedding, they will show it either this season or early next season. I think it'd be interesting if they did it in the same episode of the PW. Good satisfying episode for Stark success that people want to see.
2462	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-05	As to the self-mutilation...from my reading, it seems to be more of a cultural thing in terms of expressing grief.  More common in some cultures than others.  I personally loved her reaction in the show, but it also never struck me as odd as written, either.  I think both worked well for their mediums.
2463	Tom son of Tom	2013-06-05	I wanted to see the face shredding and laughing ...but I was more upset that she didn't say the hair line and how much Ned loves her hair....but I guess that would go against catatonic....That would have sounded so silly if she said that aloud. Without internal monologues, something like that wouldn't work.
2464	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-05	That would have sounded so silly if she said that aloud. Without internal monologues, something like that wouldn't work.Especially because thoughts are much faster than words.  It's something she thinks as her hair is grabbed, immediately before her throat is slit.  To translate that to screen, you'd need a hair grabbing, then a pause for her to speak that line, then a throat slitting.  It would look very odd.
2465	Envie	2013-06-05	Thanks for that Envie, I've always understood self-harming to be a control mechanism as well not, as you say - going bat shit crazy. The only person I know who has self-harmed in the past struggles with other emotional issues as well (ADHD/Autism traits) and has said she did it because she felt it was the only thing she was able to make a concious decision about.I also agree with you re-the special effects logistics probably playing a part in the decision as well.You're welcome. I wanted to clarify it more for those who were comparing real life self-harming to the level of self mutilation Catelyn did to herself moments before she was killed in the book because the two are entirely different emotional responses that are not related. Catelyn definitely lost it in the end by the book version but as many have already said, it probably wouldn't have translated as well on screen so I really feel the catatonic 'dead' look she had just before having her throat slit was a very powerful piece of acting and worked well. I'm sure there are more people who disagree as some in this discussion have, and would have liked to see her tearing her face up, but I for one am glad they let her use her emotions and great acting ability instead.
2466	Q the Cat	2013-06-05	I didn't like Cat in the episode she's my least favorite actor and character for that matterIt's okay, I didn't like Jaime's right hand or the actor that played it.
2467	silentwanderer	2013-06-05	Wonder what they will have her do anyway, just show a few scenes of her hanging Freys until Brienne shows up?Good question.Brienne hasn't even reached King's Landing yet.Not to mention, Joffrey is still single, Jaime doesn't even know about Tyrion's wedding nor the Starks about Edmure's or Sansa's.
2468	Woman of War	2013-06-05	Can someone enlighten me:
I know virtually nothing about how movies are made, astonishing for a big cinema fan like me.
But I would like to know how much input is the decision of the actor and how much is usually in the script or the director's decision.  I guess it depends on how much standing and reputation the respective actor has and I guess that Fairley had a lot of freedom here. But yet I simply would like to know if playing that catatonic state in the end may have been her interpretation or given by script or director.
2469	Eizweix	2013-06-05	From an article: 'Game Of Thrones': Behind Catelyn's Death Scene With Michelle FairleyOperating under the assumption that her younger children, Arya, Sansa, Bran and Rickon, have all been killed, Catelyn can't bear to see Robb die at the hands of Walder Frey's hired goons. "She thinks they're all gone, so she has absolutely nothing to live for," Fairley said. "Basically, when she slits the throat of Walder Frey's wife, she's inviting her death. She's already dead inside."
2470	HouseHarrison	2013-06-05	Honestly I felt it a more relateable/realistic reaction to laughing hysterically and clawing her face. It's perfectly believable despite her show death that if she was resurrected, she would still be dead inside and seeking only vengeance.
2471	Woman of War	2013-06-05	From an article: 'Game Of Thrones': Behind Catelyn's Death Scene With Michelle FairleyThank you for that great link
2472	grrmforreal	2013-06-05	I was delighted by the violence of the wedding I must say.  Afterwards, I supped on baked eel in sauce tar tar, and raised a glass to the genious of Tywin and Walder for finally doing a way with those breathless fools.  My only grievance is that their deaths were too quick.  Ideally, Roose should have summoned Ramsay and his skinning tools, oh well....
2473	Jameson Snow	2013-06-05	I have to be honest, the first time I saw the end scene, I laughed really hard. The long pause and then she just gets her throat cut. I couldn't help thinking about what all the Freys were doing while she just stood there. Like they were all just looking around at each other, thinking "Are you going to do it? Or should I do it? Well, someone's gotta do it!" Finally one of them is just like, "Fuck it, I guess I gotta be the one to slit this chick's throat" Then it's just a fountain of blood and cut to black. Hilarious.
2474	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-05	I have to be honest, the first time I saw the end scene, I laughed really hard. The long pause and then she just gets her throat cut. I couldn't help thinking about what all the Freys were doing while she just stood there. Like they were all just looking around at each other, thinking "Are you going to do it? Or should I do it? Well, someone's gotta do it!" Finally one of them is just like, "Fuck it, I guess I gotta be the one to slit this chick's throat" Then it's just a fountain of blood and cut to black. Hilarious.No Frey was close to her when she grabbed Walder's wife and it probably wasn't smart to move in against her before she had done anything since you could get blamed for getting the wife killed. Roose didn't give a damn though.But in practice I think they gave it some time to let people hope that the episode would fade out with her alive.
2475	Jameson Snow	2013-06-05	No Frey was close to her when she grabbed Walder's wife and it probably wasn't smart to move in against her before she had done anything since you could get blamed for getting the wife killed. Roose didn't give a damn though.But in practice I think they gave it some time to let people hope that the episode would fade out with her alive.Well the long pause was actually after she kills the wife. But yeah, I see what you mean. I wasn't questioning the emotional goal the show was looking to achieve. I just thought it was funny how long it took for a Frey to get over there to do it.
2476	ugashep	2013-06-05	I have finally been able to watch the episode again a few times tonight and I have to say what others have said, it was awesome the way it was done. I liked the book too but Michelle Fairley kicked ass, the scream, the range of emotion in the last two wedding sequences, unbelievable.  I am ready for next week, I hope the last scene of Mhysa is UnCat opening her eyes, that will send the unsullied into a wild frenzy. Also I think some of the soft pedaling of Cat's character on the show has been to make more stark (no pun intended) the contrast between her and Lady Stoneheart. In the books we are in Cat's head and so we know her character is many sided and is hard and strong but has a decency and a humanity at its core, if you just saw her purely by her actions on the show if it followed the book expressly you might see her as nothing more than a hard hard woman hellbent on protecting her family, and the contrast with Stoneheart would be less clear. I am not saying I agree entirely with the way Cat has been portrayed on the show, particularly the Jon Snow story from earlier this season but I think I understand it to a degree.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 05 June 2013 - 08:11 PM.
2477	aedalia	2013-06-05	in the game of thrones wiki they put Michelle Fairley status as: Role Endedbut I think she'll be back as StoneheartIt'll be silly to hire another actress, Michelle is brilliantWell, technically, Cat's role is ended... Stoneheart really is someone else. And they totally foreshadowed it with her promising no retribution of Walder stopped the slaughter.
2478	Q the Cat	2013-06-05	I have finally been able to watch the episode again a few times tonight and I have to say what others have said, it was awesome the way it was done. I liked the book too but Michelle Fairley kicked ass, the scream, the range of emotion in the last two wedding sequences, unbelievable.  I am ready for next week, I hope the last scene of Mhysa is UnCat opening her eyes, that will send the unsullied into a wild frenzy.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Oh yes, that's what I'd *love* to see!!!!
2479	Jehane	2013-06-06	I thought it was perfect - that empty look on her face when she realises that she's lost everything and that probably all her children are dead. Argh. It was way more effective than having her claw at her face and laugh hysterically, I think that would have been too much to bear for the viewers. That image of Cat standing perfectly still, with that empty look on her face while her throat is being cut - I can't get it out of my head.
2480	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-06	Well the long pause was actually after she kills the wife. But yeah, I see what you mean. I wasn't questioning the emotional goal the show was looking to achieve. I just thought it was funny how long it took for a Frey to get over there to do it.I know that's what you meant. I meant that since they couldn't approach while she threatened the wife they would be a bit away from her when Catelyn killed her. They probably weren't in a huge hurry either since Cat wasn't a threat. I'm not arguing against you, I'm just saying that while you might find it funny it's at least not very strange.
2481	Boi	2013-06-06	Master acting because that is how they felt the audience was looking back at the TV? Comedy is zombies. What do you take us for, go on and make that face. A: your taking a dump  B: you have just watched this episode?
No way on this planet could the transfirmation into being catatonic appear like that. By definition alone, how many are standing while in that state. There is often movement in the eyelids with the eyes as the brain is still working but unregistrative. She simply stood there in theatrics accepting her fate. 10 out of 10 for being a zombie.
She had killed a girl in cold blood dropping the knfie. Then she closes her eyes, neck straining as you can see the actress getting reading for the what is to come, holding breath, body tensing.
It was pathetic making no sense. If knowing death is to come, will you wait for rapture, gimme a break. She went crazy because she was already crazy releasing Jamie and everything else.. A woman in that time of war, not that reaction expected. In effect if going to be killed get on with it, before getting a cramp..
Self Harm happens in every single culture. More so with the Goth genre. In recalling or thinking of loss and pain which are inflicted as scars upon the body through or in extreme anxiety. Self multalation is far more extreme often in ritual.
Ripping hair with raking her nails down her face, skin, in showing hysteria. Expected as from shouting names of her dead kin infront of an audience of killers. Powerless to do nothing much else, she might have tried to throw the knife acting as a hero. Though in that wave of anguish the scream should have lasted and that hysteria could have been so much more.
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 06 June 2013 - 04:38 AM.
2482	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-06	here are a couple of fine pieces of art depicting Lady Stoneheart, I really like 'em both, that's how I've always figured her....Lady Stoneheart1Lady Stoneheart2what's your favourite?
2483	King Tam Stark	2013-06-06	her performence was outstanding she nailed it to perfection!
2484	Jehane	2013-06-06	here are a couple of fine pieces of art depicting Lady Stoneheart, I really like 'em both, that's how I've always figured her....Lady Stoneheart1Lady Stoneheart2what's your favourite?I'd go with the second picture for one simple reason: In the first picture, the scratches on her face are too even. They look as if she'd dipped her fingers in some colour and then applied the colour as war paint.
2485	Boi	2013-06-06	here are a couple of fine pieces of art depicting Lady Stoneheart, I really like 'em both, that's how I've always figured her....Lady Stoneheart1Lady Stoneheart2what's your favourite?Neither both are very poor in description. Number 2 is better then number 1.  Number 1 looks like some sort of feline catwoman, elf. Number 2 looks more pained, but a facepainted witchWhat you are looking for is something in effect of the Ring or recently Mama both have had reanimated drownings. As Lady Stoneheart being a woman she will keep her faced cowled to retain her beauty. With her vocal cords severed there won't be much sound from herself. When unmasked to reveal her identity that horror would be extreme. No matter how great a necromancer Thoros is, his skills are quite limited when it comes to scarring looking at Dondarrion. Have you seen a drown victim the skin and, eye colouring that decay, hair loss and fishbites, without the throat being cut or lack of claw marks. It is horrific. Though honestly I am not expecting much probably another whitewalker even that is hoping
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 06 June 2013 - 08:18 AM.
2486	Jehane	2013-06-06	They might not even disfigure her too much for the sake of the viewers. Plus, they might want her to stay recognizable as former Lady Stark. You know, so that people go "Ah, she's come back from the dead, good for her" without wondering who the hell this mysterious woman might be. There are still a lot of viewers who haven't read the books yet, they might need some sort of visual explanation.
2487	Eizweix	2013-06-06	They might not even disfigure her too much for the sake of the viewers. Plus, they might want her to stay recognizable as former Lady Stark. You know, so that people go "Ah, she's come back from the dead, good for her" without wondering who the hell this mysterious woman might be. There are still a lot of viewers who haven't read the books yet, they might need some sort of visual explanation.I agree, they can't even replace her with another actress, because people wouldn't know who this Lady Stonehearth is.
2488	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-06	Honestly, I don't see why she really needs to be disfigured much at all -- there's a reason Tyrion didn't lose his noce.They might not even disfigure her too much for the sake of the viewers.I don't really think there's even a need to do it for the same of the plot.  What makes her Stoneheart isn't her personal health -- its what happened to her family.  They can skip the scratching and the bloating, and just have her unable to speak because of her throat.  I think turning her into a Walking Dead extra may not play as well on screen as it did in the books.
2489	Zman1863	2013-06-06	I also approve of the change from the raving Catelyn to the quiet version. It conveys essentially the same thing without risking the perception that it was over the top. I don't think the book version of Catelyn's final moments would have translated well to the show. I don't really see it as a lack of ambition that they decided to tone down the outward aspects of Catelyn's breakdown, but a tasteful creative choice. It's like how they kept Tyrion's nose or the show's blessed purge of fools in motley like Jinglebell or Patchface. 
True, it is a bit odd to call the choice tasteful in a scene where they had a pregnant woman stabbed in the belly. But that's still my perception of it. I think Catelyn's face clawing and outward insanity works in the book because it is presented in a way that focuses on what is going on inside Catelyn's head while those overt actions are occurring. The reader is detached from the reality of what she is doing just as she is. I don't think they would have pulled off this effect in the show. They could have tried a few things to do it, but I think that in the end a raving face clawing Catelyn would have been seen as out of place, over the top or going too far.
2490	Boi	2013-06-06	Honestly, I don't see why she really needs to be disfigured much at all -- there's a reason Tyrion didn't lose his noce.I don't really think there's even a need to do it for the same of the plot.  What makes her Stoneheart isn't her personal health -- its what happened to her family.  They can skip the scratching and the bloating, and just have her unable to speak because of her throat.  I think turning her into a Walking Dead extra may not play as well on screen as it did in the books.Because a dead person isn't dead? Please ask yourself what a dead person who has been floating in the Trident after a few weeks looks like? The body doesn't sink to begin with, it surfaces floating all the way down to the bandit hideout? Obviously Thoros has been looking into the flames and is hanging around, outisde of the Twins so he can swing by, and pick her up. Go team ninja. Viewers are less confused now. It makes sense. Thoros the beautician knows how to do undead make up.How do viewers know where Thoros and the undead hideout is located? We have seen the Hound and Arya travelling for how many weeks now, in different locations? Anybody can shoot deer in the kings forest. Nymeria carried her there. Either way I am confused?She played the part perfectly screaming and using every other emotion. Then suddenly stopped closing her eyes clenching while waiting for rapture that isn't over the top, Thoros save me.........
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 06 June 2013 - 11:43 AM.
2491	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	I thought it was perfect - that empty look on her face when she realises that she's lost everything and that probably all her children are dead. Argh. It was way more effective than having her claw at her face and laugh hysterically, I think that would have been too much to bear for the viewers. That image of Cat standing perfectly still, with that empty look on her face while her throat is being cut - I can't get it out of my head.I agree, as a viewer, it made me root for someone to put her out of her misery she was suffering so much.It gave me the closure the book didn't give to me, because reading the same scene made me root for revenge instead.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 11:50 AM.
2492	Eizweix	2013-06-06	HBO interview with Michelle Fairley about The Rains of Castamere
					
					
							Edited by Eizweix, 06 June 2013 - 12:46 PM.
2493	BurningCandle	2013-06-06	here are a couple of fine pieces of art depicting Lady Stoneheart, I really like 'em both, that's how I've always figured her....Lady Stoneheart1Lady Stoneheart2what's your favourite?2nd picture, I think it looks more realistic. The first one looks good, but seems too much like a Ring Wraith or something.
2494	Ross2013	2013-06-06	They might not even disfigure her too much for the sake of the viewers. Plus, they might want her to stay recognizable as former Lady Stark. You know, so that people go "Ah, she's come back from the dead, good for her" without wondering who the hell this mysterious woman might be. There are still a lot of viewers who haven't read the books yet, they might need some sort of visual explanation.I totally agree.  I highly doubt Lady Stoneheart will look a fraction as bad as she is in the books.
2495	Envie	2013-06-06	Why is everyone assuming they're still going to throw her body into the river? They didn't show Grey Wind killing Freys left and right or finally getting cut down to have his head chopped off and put on Robb's neck, nor did they show Catelyn clawing her own face apart in hysterics. They cut it off just as she dies, so there's no way of knowing until next week what's going to happen to the bodies. If Catelyn somehow gets resurrected without the floating down the river part - she won't look that terrible at all. In fact, Beric Dondarrion, having been resurrected 6 times from some pretty horrific deaths, does not look that terrible - he still has skin tone and almost 'normal' looks about him. Granted, Lady Stoneheart was described as pretty gruesome looking in the books, but they have already deviated from that a lot so I do not think they are going to make her look like a zombie or typical undead. She's going to look as 'normal' as they made Beric look, with a huge gash on her neck and no ability to speak if they do it at all. There's a lot of argument as to whether or not she's even going to be put in the show which leaves a lot of plots unanswered that tied in with Lady Stoneheart's.
2496	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-06	This is Game of Thrones, not CSI. They don't need to make it a study about the phases of a cadaveric decomposition so it doesn't matter if they throw her body into the river or just let it somewhere for  three days. She will look, I think, pretty much her very last shot. Dead inside.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 06 June 2013 - 03:58 PM.
2497	Eizweix	2013-06-06	Well where would they leave her then? River is the best way so that Beric and BWB will find her, because the river will take her body downstream away from Twins. If they keep her at Twins or nearby I doubt BWB would find her body.
You also can't compare Beric with how Lady Stonehearth would look, Beric was brought back to life right after he died (as seen in one of the episodes), while Cat was dead for days and in a river.
2498	LadyStoneheart~	2013-06-06	While I do find the thought of Cat clawing at her face and laughing to be a powerful mental image, I really don't think it would of worked well on screen.
2499	Envie	2013-06-06	Well where would they leave her then? River is the best way so that Beric and BWB will find her, because the river will take her body downstream away from Twins. If they keep her at Twins or nearby I doubt BWB would find her body.You also can't compare Beric with how Lady Stonehearth would look, Beric was brought back to life right after he died (as seen in one of the episodes), while Cat was dead for days and in a river.Again, you're assuming they're actually going to throw her body into the river. They have deviated from the books on many small details so there's no way to predict what's going to happen to her or how she's going to look. While yes, it makes the most sense because that's what happened in the book, but this isn't the books and you should know by now they come up with all sorts of alternative ways to handle the plot, even changing it entirely sometimes. it's already 100% clear that Lady Stoneheart, if she exists at all on the show, isn't going to look as horrific as she did in the book - she didn't claw her face off before she died. Don't count on them making her face or body bloated and drowned looking either, whether they throw her in the river or not. They've downplayed looks a lot in that respect - television actors all look much better on screen than they were depicted in the books for almost every character across the board, dead or alive.
2500	Leif	2013-06-06	T'was pimpin'.
2501	Jameson Snow	2013-06-07	I know that's what you meant. I meant that since they couldn't approach while she threatened the wife they would be a bit away from her when Catelyn killed her. They probably weren't in a huge hurry either since Cat wasn't a threat. I'm not arguing against you, I'm just saying that while you might find it funny it's at least not very strange. There were 4 dudes with crossbows aimed at her from the balcony, too. I don't really care, but it's funny that you are trying to point out why my amusement isn't justified.
2502	Boi	2013-06-07	Again, you're assuming they're actually going to throw her body into the river. They have deviated from the books on many small details so there's no way to predict what's going to happen to her or how she's going to look. While yes, it makes the most sense because that's what happened in the book, but this isn't the books and you should know by now they come up with all sorts of alternative ways to handle the plot, even changing it entirely sometimes.it's already 100% clear that Lady Stoneheart, if she exists at all on the show, isn't going to look as horrific as she did in the book - she didn't claw her face off before she died. Don't count on them making her face or body bloated and drowned looking either, whether they throw her in the river or not. They've downplayed looks a lot in that respect - television actors all look much better on screen than they were depicted in the books for almost every character across the board, dead or alive.I would assume that being in the Riverlands and bannermen of the house with a Sigil of a trout. That way they have shown them as honouring their dead, her father. They would return to the river. Frey's not concerned with the actual ritual, rather the act of the fish can sink/swim. Obviously that will bring about another course of flaws as pointed out. A ninja might be waiting to cart her corpse off. Making sense in the form of a brewer who provided the ale for the wedding who happens to be fishing nearby. The type of quick fix needed to solve this problem.. +1 pint rather a flaming sambuca. R'hllor knows spirits..The problem Thoros drinks often to hazey when slurring that his R'hllor magic was reanimation.Or Edmure has Thoros on speed dial, the Blackfish is a brotherhood recruit, quite the herrings. Maybe Arya, impossible.The Hound takes her back. What a good dog that direwolf.The Lannisters wanted Rob's head doubtful we will see a Man'dingo
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 07 June 2013 - 07:33 AM.
2503	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-07	There were 4 dudes with crossbows aimed at her from the balcony, too. I don't really care, but it's funny that you are trying to point out why my amusement isn't justified.I didn't say that you couldn't be amused by it so don't play victim. I'm pointing out that the events play along in a plausible manner, which is obviously completely separate from if it can be found funny or not.As for the guys with crossbows, they aren't seen at all after the show cuts to Arya and The Hound, so you're just making it up when you say that they are aiming at Catelyn, which is bad form in an argument. They were switching to new crossbows after every shot and they will of course not have an unlimited supply.
2504	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-07	There's been rumors Michelle Fairley isn't going to play Lady Stoneheart and the producers want to make UnTalisa
I'm really angry now
is it true? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2505	Boi	2013-06-07	There's been rumors Michelle Fairley isn't going to play Lady Stoneheart and the producers want to make UnTalisaI'm really angry nowis it true? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Snow White also looking possible...........
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 07 June 2013 - 10:20 AM.
2506	Jameson Snow	2013-06-07	I didn't say that you couldn't be amused by it so don't play victim. I'm pointing out that the events play along in a plausible manner, which is obviously completely separate from if it can be found funny or not.As for the guys with crossbows, they aren't seen at all after the show cuts to Arya and The Hound, so you're just making it up when you say that they are aiming at Catelyn, which is bad form in an argument. They were switching to new crossbows after every shot and they will of course not have an unlimited supply. Watch it again, man. She grabs the wife and all of the guys with crossbows on the balcony take aim at her in sync. It never cuts to Arya after that. I'm not making shit up haha. I don't care enough about this argument to just fabricate something so I'm right. But please don't insult my integrity when you're the one who is wrong. That I do care about.
2507	Ugly Little Girl	2013-06-07	There's been rumors Michelle Fairley isn't going to play Lady Stoneheart and the producers want to make UnTalisaI'm really angry nowis it true? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Rumours that as far as I can tell have originated and are pretty much exclusivelyimoted to this forum lol
2508	Zman1863	2013-06-07	There's been rumors Michelle Fairley isn't going to play Lady Stoneheart and the producers want to make UnTalisaI'm really angry nowis it true? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Rumours that as far as I can tell have originated and are pretty much exclusivelyimoted to this forum lolHaven't heard any rumors about it other than here either. On the rumor itself, I think it's quite implausible. I always thought of Talisa as an adaptation choice that was made in order to make aged up Robb's story more believable and to give him more screen time. Without Robb, Talisa is nothing. I personally have never been fully on board with the resurrection stuff that comes into ASOS. I'll reserve judgment until UnCat plays out its full course. But my initial reaction to Beric was an eye roll and I still wasn't wowed when his purpose became clear. I bet some people are going to say the show jumped the shark when they see UnCat anyway, even without a trol to book readers like UnTalisa or better still, UnRos.
2509	Envie	2013-06-07	I think a lot of book fans were pretty vocal about their dislike of the unCat story arc - so perhaps they will leave it out altogether. I'm not sure how that will change things for the BWB or Brienne's story lines but unless there's some big future payoff for why resurrected Catelyn was critical to the story's end, they could definitely leave out unCat for the show.
2510	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-07	I think a lot of book fans were pretty vocal about their dislike of the unCat story arc - so perhaps they will leave it out altogether. I'm not sure how that will change things for the BWB or Brienne's story lines but unless there's some big future payoff for why resurrected Catelyn was critical to the story's end, they could definitely leave out unCat for the show.I suppose it might be possible to replace UnCat with the Blackfish.  As a survivor of the Red Wedding, I suppose he could fill the role of "vengeance" even if he's not dead.But like some others have said, I can't fathom why they'd have gone with the Beric resurrection if they didn't like the concept.
2511	Delmas	2013-06-07	I heard from an exec at hbo that they are doing undead ned fetus instead
2512	Boi	2013-06-07	I think a lot of book fans were pretty vocal about their dislike of the unCat story arc - so perhaps they will leave it out altogether. I'm not sure how that will change things for the BWB or Brienne's story lines but unless there's some big future payoff for why resurrected Catelyn was critical to the story's end, they could definitely leave out unCat for the show.This is what happens when people don't read the books, they makes it up as they go along. Her role of vengeance has left a huge cliffhanger as we wait for the next book, in both Brienne and Jamie's arc's. Some of her vengance priror has claimed quite a few of the Frey kin leaving the Riverlands unstable.Actionless series all for the drama but leaves gaps.The hound is logic here but that creates problems, even though the Tickler is already dead, he is still a babysitter. She would also kill him. This would make an easier explanation to her as the same character without any facepainted. Or ninja shadows stole the body via the Blackfish who stepped out for a swim.
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 07 June 2013 - 01:23 PM.
2513	jugdesh258	2013-06-07	nah... there will be unCat.  Fairly is just hamming it up.   This is her Jesus moment.
It is important to the story of from the remaining stark children in some way.....not just Brienne and Jaime.  Since she is becoming evil one of the remaining kids will have to put her down.  Although it also works well with Brienne in that in eventully making this realization also becomes an oathbreaker like Jaime.
The transition that Cat is going through is worked up through for a long time in the story and will not be abandoned.   She tells Brienne in the Hall that she senses the change in herself after learning of Bran and Rickon.   Is the opposite character development as compared to Jaime or perhaps the hound.
Freys throw her in the river cause she is a Tully in mockery of funeral custom.   It don't work with Talisa
2514	Boi	2013-06-07	The fish swims infused with water magic from her house genetic's carried all the way down stream to R'hllor open arms. Looking for the lack of any make up explanation. After lapping that rivers course, hearing various decriptions on how large that river is from many cast in many episodes their weeks of travel along the Trident and it's many forks.. Thoros save us....
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 07 June 2013 - 01:53 PM.
2515	Nagisa Furukawa	2013-06-07	If you liked how the series did Cat's reaction just because you did, fine. If there were practical considerations such as Lady Stoneheart's make-up for the future ala Tyrion's nose, fine.
But to the people claiming it would've been "too over-the-top" and therefore cheesy? Really?? As Ran said, this is THE most operatic scene of the series. It isn't coming after Tywin casually talking to Cersei or something; it's the climax of a scene that has already reveled in carnage and bloodshed and chaos. I find it hard to believe the casuals would've been gripped by it until Cat clawed her face then all of a sudden switched to, "That's silly." It would've been just as harrowing as the books if directed well.
2516	Envie	2013-06-07	I guess it all depends on how they did the effects and Michelle's acting ability really. I think it's fair to say it could have turned out badly done. Not over the top necessarily, but definitely could have come out 'cheesy' though I can't think of many scenes that were cheesy in the dramatic or gore dept so far. Well except for Talisa being stabbed repeatedly by a Frey ninja shanking style. That almost went into the cheesy range for me but I'm not as critical of it as some viewers have been. My complaint was more about how it upstaged the tragedy of Robb Stark and his Mother with horror movie gruesomeness.
2517	Necromancer	2013-06-07	Is Michelle Fairley staying on? From reading the interviews after the episode aired I got the impression she wasn't.Actors lie all the time to prevent spoilers. Certain cast members from The Dark Knight Rises and Star Trek Into Darkness said that they were not playing certain characters when they actually were.At any rate, this will most likely be Michelle's last season as a starring cast member. After this she'll probably be listed at the end of the guest stars, like Jason Momoa was.
					
					
							Edited by Necromancer, 07 June 2013 - 07:24 PM.
2518	Net-Viper X	2013-06-09	I always liked Lady Stoneheart, and I especially like her handling of the Freys. Also as a person that loves animals far more than people, I have to appreciate anyone who does so much to make sure the crows in Westeros don't go hungry this winter. I mean she could have just killed the Freys and left them laying, but she went through the trouble of hanging every single one in a tree so the crows could reach them easier. I blows my mind how anyone could see as her evil after such an act of selfless charity.
					
					
							Edited by Net-Viper X, 09 June 2013 - 02:40 PM.
2519	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-09	Watch it again, man. She grabs the wife and all of the guys with crossbows on the balcony take aim at her in sync. It never cuts to Arya after that. I'm not making shit up haha. I don't care enough about this argument to just fabricate something so I'm right. But please don't insult my integrity when you're the one who is wrong. That I do care about.You were right, I must have skipped just past it when I hurriedly checked the scene but it's correct that they are aiming at her. I don't have any problems admitting when I'm wrong and I was this time.The fact remains that I didn't state that you couldn't be amused by it though.
2520	SerJeremiahLouistark	2013-06-12	I concur with those who had no issues.  I think the show did her way more justice than the book.  She wasn't catatonic, she was like fuggit, slice, give up.....
2521	Lady Helen	2013-06-13	I think they did mostly a good job! For me i never really was a fan of the bit with Catelyn clawing her face off in the book. I found i connected much more with the catatonic lifeless state shown at the end of the episode. The bit i have more issue with in this episode was the build up to the slaughter. For me there needed to be a much greater impending sense of doom! If i remember GRRM did this very well in the book!
2522	Sarah Lannistark	2013-07-31	I really wanted her to shred her face. Lady Stoneheart won't have the same affect without her skin coming off in ribbons. The rest f the episode is great though. Moral of the Story- Don't name your kid after Sean bean, they will die.
2523	It's Not That Littlefinger	2014-04-30	the laughing would have kind of killed the drama. it would have felt weird
2524	Tysha's New Man	2014-01-30	I thought the RW would've been so much better with the Umbers. Anyone who's read the book knows the Freys trying to get the GreatJon drunk and SmallJon saving then dieing for Robb would have made this episode so much better! Was it just me or did the lack of notable Northmen allies make Robb look that much vulnerable going into the Twins? I think having the GreatJon with his son next to Robb would have made everyone believe he was that much more protected. And it would have made the episode that much more epic!
2525	Ser Lewis	2014-02-05	I think you are right, however the show cannot commit the screen time to the development of those characters. Like it or not, they are non essential therefore expendable to the main plot.
2526	Greywolf2375	2014-02-05	Could it have been better/more true to the book? Sure...but if you watch the reactions of people who did not know what was going to happen, had not read the books I think they show that how it was portrayed was plenty accurate. I thought they did a great job of it - I would have liked to have seen some things different out of personal taste but they nailed what the scene meant and what it was supposed to do.
2527	Faceless Athena	2014-02-05	I think the production company decided to make it fresh (almost like alternate endings) for people who read the series so that it can stay unpredictable. Just my opinion.
2528	Zar Lannister	2014-02-07	I second Coral's point. Specially with the twist regarding Talysa.

Some of the things in the book wouldn't translate properly. People already complain having a hard time with too many characters to remember (the dad meme who didn't know any names was great).
2529	Throng of Mice and Mire	2014-02-07	The absence is understandable given the shows limitations.

But you have to wonder if show-Robb was able to instill any loyalty in anyone? There are no loyal bannerman at his side. No one dying bravely in his defense. Does the north love him? you wouldn't think so since everyone with a name worth knowing either betrays him, commits treason or simply just abandons him and disappears without mention. 
2530	of man and wolf	2014-02-18	The most upsetting thing was how they didn't allow Greywind to be released and start tearing apart some Frey men.
2531	Sarah Lannister	2014-02-19	Yeah, I think Greywind getting out should have been possible...the scene with Shaggy and Summer getting nuts with Wildings was really good.
2532	XTwipz	2014-04-11	Obviously, the serie cannot be like the book, I mean not in details. If they just add a new character, it would be more expensive. Don't forget that it's not a movie with big means. I'm upset about that but it's still the best way to relate the book.
2533	Ravi Seaworth	2014-04-13	Wasn't the Umber removed from the show for some problem with the actor? He was present at leastin Season 1.
2534	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-03	Continue to be impressed by McElhatton's performance, but I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him. What's more, his reactions to Cat in their last scene together were bizarre; he neither seemed to hide nor care about Cat finding his little secret out. His eyes even dropped right down to his extended arm, as if to say, "Look what I have under my sleeve." He seemed utterly unconcerned and aloof. What was he expecting?
Still, a great portrayal. His killer blow was... well, killer.
2535	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	Continue to be impressed by McElhatton's performance, but I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him. What's more, his reactions to Cat in their last scene together were bizarre; he neither seemed to hide nor care about Cat finding his little secret out. His eyes even dropped right down to his extended arm, as if to say, "Look what I have under my sleeve." He seemed utterly unconcerned and aloof. What was he expecting?Still, a great portrayal. His killer blow was... well, killer.I've been a HUGE fan of Roose's performances... up until last night. The smug smile he had on his face when Cat saw his armor was totally off. I never really got the impression that Roose enjoyed his betrayal. It was simply practical from his position to turn his cloak. Also, his ninja entrance to deliver the final blow came out of left field, and his delivery of his line seemed angry, instead of the calm, calculated I expected.
2536	FSBA	2013-06-03	It was past the point of no return and Roose figured Cat knew something was up.
2537	Filleted Man	2013-06-03	I agree that the line should have been delivered slower and more dramatically.
It seemed to happen to fast. The scenes before that however, were perfect.
2538	newwb	2013-06-03	he probably didn't want to be standing with all the people the crossbowmen were aiming at.
i loved his smirking. i think it was less about the betrayal and more about the plan coming together. roose likes the game
2539	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-03	He scuttled off because it was slaughter time.  Even with mail on, as you saw, an arrow can still hit you in the neck or face.
2540	Seekrit Targaryen	2013-06-03	I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him.He was getting out of the line of crossbow fire.edit: double ninja'd
					
					
							Edited by Seekrit Targaryen, 03 June 2013 - 08:14 PM.
2541	kephv	2013-06-03	Michael McElhatton is killing it as Roose. Can't wait to see some of his stuff next season. Maybe they'll even up the stakes as well once Tywin's dead. Instead of lord, perhaps Roose will declare himself King in the North.Continue to be impressed by McElhatton's performance, but I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him. What's more, his reactions to Cat in their last scene together were bizarre; he neither seemed to hide nor care about Cat finding his little secret out. His eyes even dropped right down to his extended arm, as if to say, "Look what I have under my sleeve." He seemed utterly unconcerned and aloof. What was he expecting?Still, a great portrayal. His killer blow was... well, killer.I think Roose knew he was going to pull it off no matter what at that point. It's a game to him, and it seems he was simply rubbing it in before the end. I also didn't like that he fled, but I didn't pick up on what others pointed out either: he was getting out of the way before the arrows loosed. Roose Bolton is not a man to flee after all, and next week it looks like he's personally going to be enjoying the sites of Robb's army being slaughtered.
2542	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	It did look weird - as if Catelyn had actually somehow managed to generate enough force in her slap that he literally went flying out the room. Would have looked better if he just took the slap, looked at her and then backed off at which point it cuts to the crossbows on the balcony who pop up and take aim. I did love it in general though and overly dramatic reaction from Roose was in keeping with the tone of the rest of the scene  - it was sort of like an opera the way everything was choreographed.
2543	Warhawk137	2013-06-03	Yeah, I think he was probably just getting out of the way of the crossbows.  The firing seemed rather... indiscriminate.
2544	Filleted Man	2013-06-03	I think it would have been perfect if he had been slapped, just looked at Cat for a second, smiled, and glanced up at the balcony before backing away.
That would have been perfect.
2545	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-06-03	I think his being quietly amused by Cat's anger is consistent with Roose's character.  
"He does not hate, he does not greive. Its a game to him. Mildly diverting"
2546	Penguin king	2013-06-03	I've been a HUGE fan of Roose's performances... up until last night.The smug smile he had on his face when Cat saw his armor was totally off. I never really got the impression that Roose enjoyed his betrayal. It was simply practical from his position to turn his cloak. Also, his ninja entrance to deliver the final blow came out of left field, and his delivery of his line seemed angry, instead of the calm, calculated I expected.I  definitely think he took some amusment in it. How else do you explain his wry "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" as he made the killing blow?
2547	ugashep	2013-06-03	Bruce is the man.
2548	Bib Fortuna	2013-06-03	I threw this pic together this morning:https://fbcdn-sphoto...773475958_n.jpg
2549	SoManyVows	2013-06-03	Considering what he does to the Starks and what a bastard (pun intended) his son is, it's really kind of ridiculous how much I enjoy Roose Bolton as a character. But I do. One of the absolutely best players in the game. While I seriously doubt that Lady Barbrey Dustin will make it into the show, I hope that some element of her description of him will still be included, even if they give it to another character.Changes or not, Michael McElhatton was great last night (and if the sheer number of Internet freakouts, new Tumblrs, and new YouTube fads like "Roose Trollton" are anything to go by, he's gained substantially more notoriety). He's giving an excellent performance as the Leech Lord (even sans leeches), and I hope that he gets a lot more to do in Season 4."A peaceful land. A quiet people. That has always been my rule. Make it yours." (I can just picture him saying this to Iwan Rheon's Ramsay. So good).
2550	Dove	2013-06-03	I haven't watched the final final scene again because god damn but yeah, the way he (Bruuuuce) scuttles away after Cat slaps him kind of cracks me up a bit. All I can hear is Dr. Zoidberg going "woop woop woop!!!"
2551	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-03	I threw this pic together this morning:https://fbcdn-sphoto...773475958_n.jpgWould've been better with the GRRM trollface.
2552	Gyvin	2013-06-03	Idk, I think Roose really reveals his true self when talking to Reek about his wife and how he got his bastard. He's a stone cold serial killer... he acts normal on the outside, but his true desire is to murder and see the fear and pain on his victims faces. To me, his nonchalance when Cat looks him in the eye is his true face... he could care less if she knows, and if she does, the better! He relishes the look of suspicion in her eyes and then the terror on her face when she sees his mail sleeve. 
I don't think Roose even holds himself in high regard, only the need to keep living so he can fill his only need.... to murder.
In the books he comes off as a slimy bastard in almost every chapter. And then, when talking to Reek all your suspicions are confirmed.
2553	Warden of the North121	2013-06-03	http://www.youtube.c...d&v=B1xxqPE4I4g
The Roose is loose
2554	Lord Twat-Beard	2013-06-03	I thought the look that Roose gave Cat after she exposed his mail was pefect, I must be the only one. haha
Also I believe that Roose ran after being slapped to help subdue Rob's bannerman.
2555	Stag Country	2013-06-03	His family have been rivals of the Starks for thousands of years.  I wouldn't fault him for having at least a LITTLE bit of satisfaction at putting his rivals down...seemingly for good.
2556	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-03	I liked the look he gave her too. It made me hate him even more, so from that respect, it was highly effective.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 03 June 2013 - 09:36 PM.
2557	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	When like 10 men are set to fire tons of arrows down at the wedding guests, I would run the fuck out of there too. Those Freys don't look like expert marksmen, I'm not having some ass put a bolt through my eye for standing around like an ass. 
I only really picked up on this the second watch though. My first watch, I was like oh shit he's running for a weapon and about to skewer Robb, but then when I saw it again he was getting the fuck out of dodge, and he only returns once all the shit is over and someone needs to finish Robb.
Although the manner in which he did kill him was definitely odd. I expected more of a shrug and earnest look, like "Sorry kid, but what do you expect? I'm not going down with you. Oh by the way Jaime says what's up."
2558	Caryn Stark	2013-06-03	When he smiled out her it sent chills down my spine. But maybe that's because I knew that mayhem was about to bust out.
2559	victim	2013-06-03	He certainly bolted out of the way quickly. You could even say he got his bolt on... Alright, terrible puns aside. 
It's all about the direction. While I agree he was bailing away from the oncoming crossbow fire, him running in that certain direction helped the flow of the scene.
> He runs to his right, drawing the audiences eyes to Talisa/Lame Lothar  
> Talisa is stabbed from behind
> cut to Robb's reaction and him getting hit by bolts
> cut to army's reaction/general slaughter.
2560	Montey14	2013-06-03	I've been a HUGE fan of Roose's performances... up until last night.The smug smile he had on his face when Cat saw his armor was totally off. I never really got the impression that Roose enjoyed his betrayal. It was simply practical from his position to turn his cloak. Also, his ninja entrance to deliver the final blow came out of left field, and his delivery of his line seemed angry, instead of the calm, calculated I expected.In the book he comes out of left field as well as he excuses himself to go to the privy beofe all hell breaks loose.....I don't think he was supposed to enjoy his betrayal....after all it was simply buisness for Roose and he really had nothing to hide once they closed the doors and started to play rains of castemere.....he was a bit flakey in bolting out after he got slapped though.....but I guess there was no way for him to make his grand re entrance with the killing blow
2561	Montey14	2013-06-03	When like 10 men are set to fire tons of arrows down at the wedding guests, I would run the fuck out of there too. Those Freys don't look like expert marksmen, I'm not having some ass put a bolt through my eye for standing around like an ass.I only really picked up on this the second watch though. My first watch, I was like oh shit he's running for a weapon and about to skewer Robb, but then when I saw it again he was getting the fuck out of dodge, and he only returns once all the shit is over and someone needs to finish Robb.Although the manner in which he did kill him was definitely odd. I expected more of a shrug and earnest look, like "Sorry kid, but what do you expect? I'm not going down with you. Oh by the way Jaime says what's up."Great observation...he totally knew they were gonna pelt Robb with crossbows and ran the hell out of there as soon as he got slapped.....good catch
2562	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	In the book he comes out of left field as well as he excuses himself to go to the privy beofe all hell breaks loose.....I don't think he was supposed to enjoy his betrayal....after all it was simply buisness for Roose and he really had nothing to hide once they closed the doors and started to play rains of castemere.....he was a bit flakey in bolting out after he got slapped though.....but I guess there was no way for him to make his grand re entrance with the killing blowTrue. Maybe I'm remembering incorrectly but I thought Roose walked slowly across the room away from Cat (so she only sees the pink cloak) and stabs him. In the show, he like Faceless Man/ninja's right in front of Robb and kinda yelled/angrily said "The Lannisters send their regards" versus how he kind of whispered it calmly in the books.I just thought it worked better with the later description that he never really feels anything. The leeches sucked the life from him, and he just emotionless. It made him a much creepier "villain"
2563	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	He certainly bolted out of the way quickly. You could even say he got his bolt on...Best worst joke I've read today and there's been like 300 from the RW fallout.
2564	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	He ran out before the crossbows started to rain down.
How is that not a smart move?
2565	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-03	I don't think a completely emotionless ice cold killer would be as effective onscreen. The choice to give him more smirking and humor (and a sexy voice) was a good one. If anyone watches Supernatural, remember Death? He is very cold, but has just enough snark to make him engaging.The slap was awesomely hilarious. Cat slapped the shit out of him!
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 03 June 2013 - 10:42 PM.
2566	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I don't think a completely emotionless ice cold killer would be as effective onscreen. The choice to give him more smirking and humor (and a sexy voice) was a good one. If anyone watches Supernatural, remember Death? He is very cold, but has just enough snark to make him engaging.The slap was awesomely hilarious. Cat slapped the shit out of him!I don't think a completely emotionless ice cold killer would be as effective onscreen. The choice to give him more smirking and humor (and a sexy voice) was a good one. If anyone watches Supernatural, remember Death? He is very cold, but has just enough snark to make him engaging.The slap was awesomely hilarious. Cat slapped the shit out of him! Death was awesome in Supernatural, probably my 2nd favorite character after Lucifer (who also had a snarky side)
2567	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-03	I also enjoyed the look he gave Catelyn. I won't watch it again for a while but my first impression wasn't a smirk.. more of a "c'est la vie".
Roose Bolton is my favourite villain in the whole series.  In the show, Tywin gives him a run for the money, but that's because Charles Dance is leagues better than the rather straightforward Tywin of the books.  My feelings towards him were initially intrigue, then intense hatred after the Red Wedding, and then finally a genuine affection.  I hope he puts Ramsey in his place.
Roose's character was so brilliantly "fleshed" out by GRRM.  In my opinion he's one of only three characters who continue to have good character arcs up to date in the series, the other two being Theon and Barristan.  The number of characters who had great arcs in the first three books, and then get stuck in the mud or take steps backward are too numerous to count.
2568	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	Roose is an enigmatic character. Why does he taunt Cat? Maybe that's how he gets his kicks? We already know he's borderline sociopathic. Or maybe its his way of giving Cat a chance to react just for the sake of seeing her reaction.
I don't have a problem with it. He's the same creep in the books, and that's what makes him an interesting character.
2569	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-03	It was a sick game with Catelyn, OP. Despite many people's mistaken view of him as a pragmatic robot, Roose is very cruel. His cruelty is just more refined and subtle than his son's. He is cold as ice, but that does not mean he doesn't have amusements or sense of humor. The Roose Bolton many readers seem to envision would not have stepped into the hall and stabbed Robb. He did that both for its symbolic value and because it amused him to give Jaime's regards. I am a huge Roose fan and I did not find his subtle mindfucking of Catelyn out of character at all.And he "scurried away" because he didn't want to be hit by crossbows, people /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  The swiftness with which he dispatched Robb fit into the scene in general - it was all very fast.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 03 June 2013 - 10:50 PM.
2570	awesome possum	2013-06-03	He's a guy whose first instinct when they need to get answers from a prisoner is to freaking flay him.
Never question the motives of someone who is batshit insane.
2571	Dove	2013-06-03	The way he ran was sort of badly staged, imo, which made it look a bit goofy, but seriously - he knows what's coming and he's not going to get caught in the crossfire.
He seemed perfectly in-character to me too, even if he broadcasted his enjoyment with a grin it's not like he's full-on Ramsay style cackling with glee. Roose is cold but he's always had a super droll and dry sense of humor and I think they've been doing a great job of showing it in little ways.
2572	Clariana	2013-06-04	Continue to be impressed by McElhatton's performance, but I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him. What's more, his reactions to Cat in their last scene together were bizarre; he neither seemed to hide nor care about Cat finding his little secret out. His eyes even dropped right down to his extended arm, as if to say, "Look what I have under my sleeve." He seemed utterly unconcerned and aloof. What was he expecting?Still, a great portrayal. His killer blow was... well, killer.He's a sadist.  To take an analogy from Melisandre the previous episode, he was flirting with the lamb and then showing her the knife....
2573	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	Continue to be impressed by McElhatton's performance, but I didn't really like him scuttling off like a rat after Cat struck him. What's more, his reactions to Cat in their last scene together were bizarre; he neither seemed to hide nor care about Cat finding his little secret out. His eyes even dropped right down to his extended arm, as if to say, "Look what I have under my sleeve." He seemed utterly unconcerned and aloof. What was he expecting?Still, a great portrayal. His killer blow was... well, killer.I loved that look on his face. It was all "haha guess what I'm totally going to betray you right now and there's nothing you can do about it because I am the master Rooseman".Besides, they've already hinted at his sadistic streak with the whole "your sister.....is alive and well line". I enjoyed it, apart from his scurrying out of the room and the way he killed Robb.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 04 June 2013 - 01:38 AM.
2574	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-04	Perhaps he was so quick because he figured time was running out before someone else finished Robb. There was nothing left to say on Cat or Robb or Walder's part, it was time to make an end
2575	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	It totally sucked. 
1. Roose was bitch-slapped and ran away like a pussy.
2. They took away his awesome armour.
3. The sword thrust and the phrase were badly staged, too fast, not enough focus, like merely an afterthought.
Face it they screwed it up, like they did Ramsay's last appearance ( and his entire plotline for that matter).
					
					
							Edited by Manfryd Lothston, 04 June 2013 - 03:41 AM.
2576	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-04	Death was awesome in Supernatural, probably my 2nd favorite character after Lucifer (who also had a snarky side)Agreed. I like you, French!It totally sucked.1. Roose was bitch-slapped and ran away like a pussy.2. They took away his awesome armour.3. The sword thrust and the phrase were badly staged, too fast, not enough focus, like merely an afterthought.Face it they screwed it up, like they did Ramsay's last appearance ( and his entire plotline for that matter).1. Yah getting out of the way of musician-assassins is stuuupid. He was enjoying being a troll. Getting a smack was worth it. 2. He didn't leave to get his armor. There wasn't much special except the pink cloak, but pink's not their color in the show. 3. A bit fast, but not enough to really bother me. Doing it all slow and dramatic would be like every other show so I can understand them making it more realistic.Roose had me grinning anytime he came onscreen. I think Ramsay's plotline shouldn't have kept his identity secret but besides the weirdly filmed Theon rape, Ramsay's scenes have been awesome, if a little disconnected. Rheon and Allen have great chemistry.
2577	victim	2013-06-04	On the topic of how he killed Robb:
Again it's the way it was directed. Roose ducking in, stabbing Robb and then ducking back out fit the whole tone of the slaughter. It could have happened slowly, where you get long drawn out shots of blades being unsheathed and Robb preparing to die, like when Ned was beheaded. In this instance though, I think the quick shots and fast pacing helped move the shocks forward quickly and effectively. It wasn't entirely unlike a character getting "whacked" on The Sopranos, where all you get is a BANG and a body falling over.
2578	Maxthestig	2013-06-04	Roose is my favourite character, mainly because of the actor.
I did agree I didn't like him running but it was from arrow fire.
Love HIM !
2579	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	1. Yah getting out of the way of musician-assassins is stuuupid. He was enjoying being a troll. Getting a smack was worth it.I didn't say it was "stupid", but it was pathetic and didn't fit Roose's character at all. Yes he behaved like a troll - a BAD troll who can't help grinning before the joke is done, who gets slapped like a bitch and runs away tripping over his own feet. This is NOT how it happened in the book AT ALL, and is a total disservice to Roose, not to mention simply badly staged and therefore losing a lot of impact on the viewers.He didn't leave to get his armor. There wasn't much special except the pink cloak, but pink's not their color in the show.You are wrong, in the book Roose DID leave to don his dark plate armour, when he came back he even had his visor down so Catelyn didn't recognise him at first. The guy Cat caught hiding chainmail under his clothing wasn't Roose but Edwyn Frey.As for pink - make it blood red for all I care, make it black or any other menacing color. But as it stands now, it just doesn't cut. In the book Roose and Ramsay both wore scary Bolton armour for the critical parts of the plot (sack of Winterfell and Red Wedding), which symbolized their sudden transformation into key villains and amplified their impact as characters. In the show Roose looks like one of the faceless nobodies, he doesn't have any distinguishing feature as impactful as his armour in the books, and television is a visual media first & foremost, so failing visuals means failing a big part of the show.3. A bit fast, but not enough to really bother me. Doing it all slow and dramatic would be like every other show so I can understand them making it more realistic.Yeah, and doing it fast would also be just like any other show (case in point - Sopranos). Also, they did incomprehensibly slowed down at some points, i.e. Rob standing up and talking to Cat while full of crossbow bolts was needlessly (and unrealistically) drawn out. But anyway, the issue isn't between fast and slow, it's between win and fail. Book version = win, TV version = fail, reason: they crammed everything up too much and tripped over their own feet, resulting in an incoherent, mumbling and weak performance doing a disservice to the original.That said, I did enjoy the Shakesperean sudden deaths and silence at the end. However, this doesn't remove the fact that Roose's part was botched.
					
					
							Edited by Manfryd Lothston, 04 June 2013 - 05:08 AM.
2580	ysTooCool	2013-06-04	I always pictured roose wearing his pink cloak with hood on top, slowly closing in (camara focus on the back), then taking off hood and ran Robb through with a long sword
2581	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	I always pictured roose wearing his pink cloak with hood on top, slowly closing in (camara focus on the back), then taking off hood and ran Robb through with a long swordHe wore a visored helmet in the book. The armour itself is well descriped in ADwD, where Ramsay mistakenly thinks the guy wearing the Bolton family armour is Roose.
2582	Jazzman	2013-06-04	It was a sick game with Catelyn, OP. Despite many people's mistaken view of him as a pragmatic robot, Roose is very cruel. His cruelty is just more refined and subtle than his son's. He is cold as ice, but that does not mean he doesn't have amusements or sense of humor. The Roose Bolton many readers seem to envision would not have stepped into the hall and stabbed Robb. He did that both for its symbolic value and because it amused him to give Jaime's regards. I am a huge Roose fan and I did not find his subtle mindfucking of Catelyn out of character at all.And he "scurried away" because he didn't want to be hit by crossbows, people /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  The swiftness with which he dispatched Robb fit into the scene in general - it was all very fast. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2583	gregorio	2013-06-04	Haha. That scene was not out of character.
Roose is just a troll. We saw how he trolled Jamie earlier in the season about his sister's fate. And this scene, true to his troll self, he just cannot, CANNOT, help himself from spoiling the Red Wedding for the unsullied viewer (Catelyn). Seriously, 5 seconds before the RW Roose?!?! He deserved to get smacked.
On a more serious note, is Roose really a fighter? I thought he was just a survivor. Isn't that why Robb sent him to fight Tywin? Didn't he spend that part of the war strategically retreating? And doesn't he later hide in a wagon for fear of getting shot with a poison arrow by Reed's people? The fact that he scurried out of the room is not out of character.
Further, Catelyn needs someone to slap the hell out of at that point. The need for her character to do that - to a character the TV audience knows - supercedes the need to make Roose Bolton look like a badass. The audience will get to learn more about Roose for a long time to come. That was Cat's final moment. And in my opinion, Roose is not some macho villain - just a sociopath - cunning, cautious, and therefore dangerous. He has the same sadistic tendancies as his son, but he tries so hard to control his sick desires (leeches sucking away his passions) so as not to loose his position.
2584	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	I don't care about the pink cloak, ROBB AND CAT F* DIED I don't give a shit that the asshole that did it wasn't wearing the right outfit.
2585	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	Considering what he does to the Starks and what a bastard (pun intended) his son is, it's really kind of ridiculous how much I enjoy Roose Bolton as a character. But I do. One of the absolutely best players in the game. While I seriously doubt that Lady Barbrey Dustin will make it into the show, I hope that some element of her description of him will still be included, even if they give it to another character.Changes or not, Michael McElhatton was great last night (and if the sheer number of Internet freakouts, new Tumblrs, and new YouTube fads like "Roose Trollton" are anything to go by, he's gained substantially more notoriety). He's giving an excellent performance as the Leech Lord (even sans leeches), and I hope that he gets a lot more to do in Season 4."A peaceful land. A quiet people. That has always been my rule. Make it yours." (I can just picture him saying this to Iwan Rheon's Ramsay. So good)."Immediately googles roose trollton"
2586	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	to be fair i thought roose was mixed this episode, he was his normal, awesome self played by Michael McElhatton brilliantly throughout the series, and in this episode too, the problems were mainly writing) until the actual massacre itself. I wouldnt be suprised if he just wanted to see the look on catelyn's face before it happened (he is ramsays dad after all, and we get information in the books to say he's done some pretty crazy things, sure caution usually takes priority, but not much could go wrong at this point) either way, i'm happy even if it is a minor breach of character, because we got to see that bit of the wedding which we get in the books with catelyn and that chain mail being the "oh shit" moment. Him running off just seemed a little pussy like at first, but now i realise that that the whole getting in the way of the arrows is a pretty good practical reason. The whole 'the lannisters send there regards' i didnt like that much at all at first, it seemed to quick, and it would've been better if he'd taken his time over it. Still it grew on me, and it doesnt seem so bad and so quick as it was the first time, after a couple more times watching. However, it still wasnt as epic as the books, it was more done for shock value.That seemed to be the story of the whole massacre, it was awesome, one of the best scenes in the show ever, but still not as epic as the books, and more done for shock value, with everything happening quickly.
2587	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	On a more serious note, is Roose really a fighter? I thought he was just a survivor. Isn't that why Robb sent him to fight Tywin? Didn't he spend that part of the war strategically retreating? And doesn't he later hide in a wagon for fear of getting shot with a poison arrow by Reed's people? The fact that he scurried out of the room is not out of character.Further, Catelyn needs someone to slap the hell out of at that point. The need for her character to do that - to a character the TV audience knows - supercedes the need to make Roose Bolton look like a badass. The audience will get to learn more about Roose for a long time to come. That was Cat's final moment. And in my opinion, Roose is not some macho villain - just a sociopath - cunning, cautious, and therefore dangerous. He has the same sadistic tendancies as his son, but he tries so hard to control his sick desires (leeches sucking away his passions) so as not to loose his position.That's a fair point that I missed. I guess the fact that Roose Bolton has more cruelty in his little finger than all the Freys put together doesn't necessarily mean he is a brave man, but what annoyed me about this adaptation is that it shattered the menacing aura that the show was starting to build up around him. In future series, the Boltons are supposed to be feared, not sneered at. Roose looked like a little bitch.I understand the choices they made- using Roose as the big "reveal" guy was a neat touch, and that subsequently, he needed to be slapped for the purposes of serving Cat's character, and needed to get out of the line of fire, but honestly, I think Catelyn slapping someone like Lame Lothar- the guy who came to broker the deal would have been a better choice, and a better compromise in terms of preserving the Roose character.It was a huge departure to have Roose scuttling out of the room away from a woman after being bitch-slapped, instead of dramatically marching into the room at the head of a force of Northerners.It would have been delicious for Cat to call out his name, for her to look relieved, then look doubtful, for the audiences hopes that Rob and Cat could be saved to pivot on this grey man, for people to dare "hope" (a cruel element lost in this adaptation) and for him to march up to Robb and stab him with a force of Boltons behind him.Another thing I'm disappointed about is that they didn't reveal "boy"s parentage immediately prior to the betrayal. That would have added to the significance of the moment, making this about more than mere survival for Roose, but about power.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 06:17 AM.
2588	Conchobar	2013-06-04	I had no issue, he is a brilliant actor, he was getting out before the crossbows fired.
2589	TheEvilKing	2013-06-04	"A peaceful land. A quiet people. That has always been my rule. Make it yours." (I can just picture him saying this to Iwan Rheon's Ramsay. So good).Oh God, you've really made me want a scene that mirrors Tywin's first one. The cold, calculating father lecturing the headstrong son. Except at the end it reveals the creature Roose is skinning isn't a deer...
2590	Ashas Globetrotter	2013-06-04	Jeees..this really IS nitpicking.. Are we going to have a thread for every line, every smirk, every twitch, every raise of a eyebrow now? Hey I did`nt like that the first crossbow bolt hit two inches to low.
2591	TheDarkEye	2013-06-04	He should have delivered the line more coldly.
2592	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	I threw this pic together this morning:https://fbcdn-sphoto...773475958_n.jpg haha this is great!I haven't watched the final final scene again because god damn but yeah, the way he (Bruuuuce) scuttles away after Cat slaps him kind of cracks me up a bit. All I can hear is Dr. Zoidberg going "woop woop woop!!!"omg I had almost that exact same thought when watching it a second time, and now forever will
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 04 June 2013 - 07:10 AM.
2593	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	He should have delivered the line more coldly. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2594	Scratch Face	2013-06-04	i think Roose should have stabbed Rob in the back, it would have been more fitting. Dont't get the drive by stabbing
2595	Versiroth	2013-06-04	The look on Catelyn's face was one of knowing.  Roose knew that she was aware of what was happening and he decided to troll her a bit there.  I thought his smug smile was brilliantly evil.    Like I said in the nitpick thread, the only thing I did dislike was the drive by killing of Cat.   The dude just kind of walks up, slashes her throat, then leaves.  It would have been better if she would have fell to her knees, the guy comes up, grabs her hair and puts the knife to her throat.   Catelyn continues to look dazed as Walder says "kill her!".  He slashes her throat and the camera goes black.
2596	Maizel	2013-06-04	I don't think it was really smug. 
I thought it was more of a 'that's how it goes sometimes' 
But I can imagine it being a mix as well.
2597	tydides	2013-06-04	We all know that Roose is borderline psychopathic. Not sure about the show, but I could tell he was interesting ever since Robb decided to put him in the rear guard, a position of power, but too far away to lead battles, because like his father, I don't think Robb ever really trusted Roose.
2598	Overlord of Skagos	2013-06-04	Spoiler Roose's expression is a stage setup for  Ramsay reveal..in show...to show the 'like father..like son' sadistic behaviour
2599	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	I kind of wish that Roose stabbing Robb in the heart was more clear, in fact now when I recall back to it im not sure he actually stabbed him in the heart or just somewhere in his lower-central rib area... mmm dunno will have to re watch at get back on that one, I know he gave the blade a wicked twist the way he did in the books... hehe *naughty satisfaction*
2600	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	Haha. That scene was not out of character.Except it totally was.Roose is just a troll. We saw how he trolled Jamie earlier in the season about his sister's fate. And this scene, true to his troll self, he just cannot, CANNOT, help himself from spoiling the Red Wedding for the unsullied viewer (Catelyn). Seriously, 5 seconds before the RW Roose?!?! He deserved to get smacked.Starting to gloat too early is a trademark of a bad/lame troll, it risks spoiling the game and ruining the lulz. A good/skillful troll does not give up his game early on, and only gloats when the gig is fully up. TV!Roose is a lame troll who gets slapped and chased away. Book!Roose is the cool troll who calmly sets up his prey and only reveals his true colours with the fatal strike to the heart.On a more serious note, is Roose really a fighter? I thought he was just a survivor. Isn't that why Robb sent him to fight Tywin? Didn't he spend that part of the war strategically retreating? And doesn't he later hide in a wagon for fear of getting shot with a poison arrow by Reed's people? The fact that he scurried out of the room is not out of character.Book!Roose is both a fighter and a survivor. He was forced to hide his evil inclinations to survive under Ned Stark, but he was eager to "hunt wolves" when opportunity presented itself, and he chose to personally kill Robb Stark, with his sword, while wearing the traditional Bolton armour. This was far more symbolic and powerful than simply a cowardly backstab from a traitorous vassal: it signified the ages-old enmity between Starks and Boltons, with Roose consciously embracing his family's heritage and bringing it out into the open after centuries of suppression.Further, Catelyn needs someone to slap the hell out of at that point. The need for her character to do that - to a character the TV audience knows - supercedes the need to make Roose Bolton look like a badass.That is just LOL. How is there a NEED for Cat to "slap" the evil mastermind behind her son's downfall and death? She cuts the throat of Walder Frey's wife, is that not enough for a "parting gesture"? The slapping only downgrades the intensity of the moment, dragging it down to the level of some kind of slapstick comedy or sloppy drama.The audience will get to learn more about Roose for a long time to come. That was Cat's final moment.LOL again. Are we forgetting UnCat all of a sudden?And in my opinion, Roose is not some macho villain - just a sociopath - cunning, cautious, and therefore dangerous. He has the same sadistic tendancies as his son, but he tries so hard to control his sick desires (leeches sucking away his passions) so as not to loose his position.You are entitled to your opinion, but in GRRM's opinion Roose does have the qualities which you mislabel as "machism", which are integral parts of his character and image and were unfortunately underrepresented in the TV show.
2601	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I didn't see anything wrong w/the look, it was kind of a 'hey, thats how it goes' look.  I also didn't think he was running away, but apparently a lot of people did.
2602	Darth Pipes	2013-06-04	I do admit his drive-by stabbing of Robb is arkwardly staged (he kind of saddles up to Robb like in that episode of Seinfeld) but the whole thing worked for me and Roose on this show is pretty awesome, despite what a bastard he is.
He's worse than Ramsay, he just manages to hide it a lot better and not be as stupid about it.  Kind of like how Tywin really LOVES whores but makes sure no one knows about it.
I got a kick out of one of the tumblr reactions.  It's a picture of Roose stabbing Robb with the tag "Hate the game.  Not the flayer."  Should be the new motto of House Bolton.
One thing I noticed when Roose ran out of the room, he seemed to grab the arm of one man and dragged him along.  Did anyone else notice this or am I just imagining things?
2603	mafalda	2013-06-04	I'm torn. Half of me thought his trolling was hilarious, the other half was just like wtf.
2604	Slaytanic213	2013-06-04	as far as the tv scene went, the only thing I was disappointed with was the fact that Catelyn didn't claw at her own face.
as for Roose, I think the actor nailed his personality.  the impressions I got of Roose from the books wasn't exactly one of sociopathic behavior, but just more of a "gotta do what I gotta do" kind of guy.  to me, he's playing the game of thrones well.  I don't see him wanting the iron throne per se, he wants to be the warden of the north. from reading the books, I feel Roose betrayed Robb to survive and keep playing the game.  There was no way Walder Frey was going to forgive and forget and Roose knew that.  So, instead of going down with Robbs ship, he chose the winning side.  The look he gave Cat, to me, was one of "what did you expect".  I also didn't have a problem with how he delivered the line "...sends their regards".  in a real situation where there's carnage everywhere, who has time to slow down and whisper a sentence before stabbing a man in the heart?  to me it was a realistic way to deliver that scene.
as for Ramsay's behavior, I seem to remember that Roose wasn't very approving of Ramsay's torture and utter obliteration of Theon.  Theon could have been a great pawn for the Boltons.  With Balon dead and Theon being his only living male heir, it would have given the Bolton's a leg up in controlling the iron born.  But, since Ramsay basically shattered Theon, he's useless as a hostage.  Roose doesn't seem to me to be cruel just to be cruel.  He does what he's gotta do to keep playing the game.  He also seemed to me to be disgusted with Ramsay's behavior, because Ramsay is cruel just to be cruel.  I also remember from the books (correct me if I'm wrong), but, didn't Roose say something about Ramsay being the way he is because he was born of rape and not just Roose x100?
those are just my 2 cents.
2605	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-04	Eh, fair enough with the bolting away thing I suppose; I suppose he was aware of the incoming hail of arrows. Something about his portrayal in that scene just bothers me in a way that can't quite be articulated. Then again, Roose's completely nonchalant behaviour in the book's RW unsettled me too, so I guess it's fine. Simply not caring is very Roose.Is it Roose overlooking the burning Stark tents at the start of the ep 10 trailer? It's a vague shot from behind, but I think it's him. That scenery has some powerful potential.
2606	kephv	2013-06-04	Yep, it looks like Roose is going to be enjoying a front seat to the destruction of Robb's remaining forces.
And I agree with what others have said about the mail: he wanted Cat to know. That little smile said it all.
2607	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-04	I've been a HUGE fan of Roose's performances... up until last night.The smug smile he had on his face when Cat saw his armor was totally off. I never really got the impression that Roose enjoyed his betrayal.Wasn't it Maege Mormont who said that all of life was just a game to Roose? Of course he enjoyed it.And he definitely needed to run away. After Cat caught on they had to start firing immediately, so of course had to get out of the way.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 04 June 2013 - 10:53 AM.
2608	Father of Dragons	2013-06-04	Book!Roose is the cool troll who calmly sets up his prey and only reveals his true colours with the fatal strike to the heart.More like Coward!Roose that hides at the back of the room ...
2609	Negator	2013-06-04	Anyone who thinks that Roose Bolton turned his cloak to survive, and not go down with the sinking ship of Stark has..."NOT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION"
The Boltons and the Starks are the most bitter enemies of any two families in this world.  Someone wrote earlier that under Eddard, and later Robb, Roose had to hide his families heritage, its history of cruelty, dominance and political opposition to the Starks of Winterfell.  That person was 100% right.  Bolton, much earlier than Walder Frey or even Tywin Lannister, was looking for a way to take advantage of young Robb and do what his ancestors have tried to do for 8,000 years:  destroy the male line of Stark, forcibly marry their women and claim the North.  
That same person also mentioned the symbolic value of "the armor".  The armor, worn by both father and son, does indeed represent the full and final revelation of House Bolton:  cruel, proud and merciless.  It is worn only in moments of utter victory:
1.  Ramsay's sack of Winterfell
2.  Roose's murder of the "last" male Stark
3.  Roose's arrival to the North as the Lord Paramount, triumphant
The Boltons are far, far greater villains than the Freys.  They are traitors who have taken advantage of House Stark's unwillingness to exterminate them years ago, waiting for weakness.  We know what Roose thinks of young lords and how they doom a house.  He saw the same in Robb.  He took every chance to undermine the Young Wolf, from Winterfell to the bleeding of loyalist forces, to the retention of his own, to the alliance with House Frey, and even to the sacrifice of the Brave Companions to Ser Gregore.
That having been said, I believe Roose knows, inside, that his line is finished.  His bastard will kill any of his trueborn sons, but he lacks the subtlety or guile to hold the North for long after his father's death.  Therefore, I would not be shocked if the big twist in Book 6 is that Roose himself kills Ramsay.
2610	Rain of Castamere	2013-06-04	i absolutely admire roose bolton.
the voice of the actor gives me shivers every time. pure gold.
i had hoped he would deliver the lannister line more slowly, but i can see that even the most badass motherfucker wants to get out of the line of fire as fast as possible so im ok with it.
Dat Voice!
2611	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-04	Is it Roose overlooking the burning Stark tents at the start of the ep 10 trailer? It's a vague shot from behind, but I think it's him. That scenery has some powerful potential.Agreed. Overseeing the destruction he's wrought, drinking it in.I just don't understand people like Manfryd above, who ignore all of the enormous time given to describing Bolton's caution and near-obsessiveness about his own health in the books, and dismiss it as just "acting like a bitch" when he chooses to get out of the way of arrow fire. The show kept the important part of Bolton's involvement (stabbing Robb and sending Lannister regards) and also illustrated both his cruel amusements and his safety-first attitude
2612	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	The smile/chain-mail tease is Roose's proper introduction as the next "Big Bad" on GoT. I loved it.
2613	Negator	2013-06-04	The entire Boy plot, refusing to show him just as being Bolton's Bastard, all that effort, was done for one moment, and one moment only (arguably the best-acted body language in television history):  Bolton's troll smile to Catelyn.
2614	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-04	The entire Boy plot, refusing to show him just as being Bolton's Bastard, all that effort, was done for one moment, and one moment only (arguably the best-acted body language in television history):  Bolton's troll smile to Catelyn.The smile/chain-mail tease is Roose's proper introduction as the next "Big Bad" on GoT. I loved it.I agree that there was an element of "and now the mask finally slips." This loyal, courteous, but cold general is actually a monster. Very horror-movie like
2615	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-04	I thought that too. One of the virtues of this show is that all families actually look like families, linked not just by looks but by personality traits.
2616	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	I feel like people have a different understanding of book Roose. While clearly cold and introverted, Theon instantly recognizes the cruelty in his eyes and knows he's a dangerous man, much more so than the maniacal psychopath that's basically made his life hell. He's also described as taking enjoyment out of playing with men and women as if they were toys. These aren't characteristics of someone who doesn't really care or wouldn't enjoy when his machinations come to fruition.
He enjoys playing with men, and he enjoyed playing with Cat when she realizes what's about to happen. Now that we see his true colors, or at least that layer of him we hadn't seen on the show, to then be revealed that Boy is Ramsey accomplishes a sense of "Oh god that makes sense, those guys are creeps!" And properly villafies them for the upcoming arcs of the Stark loyal bannermen (And Stannis) vs. the new North under Bolton.
2617	Shit_for_Honour	2013-06-04	I thought the look that Roose gave Cat after she exposed his mail was pefect, I must be the only one. hahaAlso I believe that Roose ran after being slapped to help subdue Rob's bannerman.Nope, I thought his glance was great as well. Michael McElhatton killed it.
2618	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-04	I love the paralell between Roose and Ramsay.
All the things Ramsay went through to "save" Theon, and that evil smile when Theon realized where he was showed how fucked up Ramsay is.
Roose did also keep his poker face, casually chatting with Catelyn and just being chill until that moment he let her see the chainmail.God, that evil, evil smile, in some way it made him seem way more fucked up than Ramsay.
I'm surprised if some unsullied haven't already seen the connection between those two (and how are they ignoring Bolton's flayed man cross?).
2619	teemo	2013-06-04	Well, I was totally wrong about Ramsay and Roose being connected in this episode.  I personally still think it would have probably been a good decision though.  Considering it was basically a Stark-centric episode (Bran/Arya/Cat/Robb), Dany didn't fit in this episode at all and it stood out.  There was a Sam scene, but at least it was quite brief and connected to the Wall.  And Ramsay is connected to Roose Bolton, hence the RW and betrayal in a way.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 03:18 PM.
2620	Red Knight	2013-06-04	i'm a bit disappointed with his performance last night but it is probably more the director's fault
2621	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	I actually thought Roose was particularly spectacular as a villain this episode. His look to Cat when she saw the chainmail was pretty terrifying.
2622	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-06-04	Roose rushed in to stab Robb with the frantic urgency of someone who'd just realized he'd left behind his wallet."Shit!  He's about to die, and my chance to be a major dick by Giving The Regards will forever be lost!"Also, he effectively interrupted -- dare I say cut off? -- Robb's last words to his mother.  On top of all the other shit they were being served, Roose made sure they didn't even get to say goodbye.Precision in his cruelty.  Yep, that's Roose.
2623	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	I agree that there was an element of "and now the mask finally slips." This loyal, courteous, but cold general is actually a monster. Very horror-movie likeI so agree! I felt exactly the same way, it was beyond creepy and chilling.
2624	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Now the whole "Don't make me rue the day I raped your mother" line will seem fitting lol.
2625	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	I just don't understand people like Manfryd above, who ignore all of the enormous time given to describing Bolton's caution and near-obsessiveness about his own health in the books, and dismiss it as just "acting like a bitch" when he chooses to get out of the way of arrow fire.Again, it's not just what he did, it's how he did it. Book!Roose behaved totally differently during the wedding. He didn't stoop himself to the cheap thrill of taunting Catelyn at the risk of giving up his game too early; he didn't get slapped in the face; he didn't run away from a woman (that's how it looked, crossbows notwithstanding); and he didn't play out the epitome of his family's ancient feud with only a few mumbled words and a quick stab.What he did was carry himself with calmness and dignity, never showing any direct sign of the incoming treason; he returned in force, wearing the deeply symbolic Bolton armour; and his act of delivering the final thrust to Rob was not glossed over and rushed the way it was in the show. (I'm not saying it should have been slow: it could be fast, but impactful, and leave a powerful impression upon the viewer. As it stands now, it's just a bunch of random guys running around stabbing Rob and Cat).The show kept the important part of Bolton's involvement (stabbing Robb and sending Lannister regards) and also illustrated both his cruel amusements and his safety-first attitudeYeah, they got the basics, but didn't do justice to the original. They changed some parts for no good reason, and the result is flawed and uninspired.The show cheapened Bolton's character by making him less menacing, imposing, untouchable and memorable than in the book. Same thing they did with Ramsay, really: despite Ivan Rheon's great performance, it just can't get over the fact that Ramsay's character was severely gutted by the show, with a lot of his viciously awesome deeds either completely cut out or given to unimportant characters.Anyone who thinks that Roose Bolton turned his cloak to survive, and not go down with the sinking ship of Stark has..."NOT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION"The Boltons and the Starks are the most bitter enemies of any two families in this world.  Someone wrote earlier that under Eddard, and later Robb, Roose had to hide his families heritage, its history of cruelty, dominance and political opposition to the Starks of Winterfell.  That person was 100% right.  Bolton, much earlier than Walder Frey or even Tywin Lannister, was looking for a way to take advantage of young Robb and do what his ancestors have tried to do for 8,000 years:  destroy the male line of Stark, forcibly marry their women and claim the North.  That same person also mentioned the symbolic value of "the armor".  The armor, worn by both father and son, does indeed represent the full and final revelation of House Bolton:  cruel, proud and merciless.  It is worn only in moments of utter victory:1.  Ramsay's sack of Winterfell2.  Roose's murder of the "last" male Stark3.  Roose's arrival to the North as the Lord Paramount, triumphantThe Boltons are far, far greater villains than the Freys.  They are traitors who have taken advantage of House Stark's unwillingness to exterminate them years ago, waiting for weakness.  We know what Roose thinks of young lords and how they doom a house.  He saw the same in Robb.  He took every chance to undermine the Young Wolf, from Winterfell to the bleeding of loyalist forces, to the retention of his own, to the alliance with House Frey, and even to the sacrifice of the Brave Companions to Ser Gregore.That having been said, I believe Roose knows, inside, that his line is finished.  His bastard will kill any of his trueborn sons, but he lacks the subtlety or guile to hold the North for long after his father's death.  Therefore, I would not be shocked if the big twist in Book 6 is that Roose himself kills Ramsay.1. "That person" = me;2. +100% agree on everything said.
2626	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Well, Roose is one of my favourite characters, and I've been known to critique this show quite a bit so you can be damn well sure I'd be ranting if Roose had been cheapened. I really don't think he has. He was VERY sinister this episode, actually his look to Catelyn was fucking terrifying. 
His stab to Robb was perfect, did you want a slow motion hollywood death? 
I really feel Roose was particularly wonderful this episode. 
God forbid turning away from a woman, also Catelyn's slap was fucking thunderous.
2627	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Well, Roose is one of my favourite characters, and I've been known to critique this show quite a bit so you can be damn well sure I'd be ranting if Roose had been cheapened. I really don't think he has. He was VERY sinister this episode, actually his look to Catelyn was fucking terrifying.His stab to Robb was perfect, did you want a slow motion hollywood death?I really feel Roose was particularly wonderful this episode.God forbid turning away from a woman, also Catelyn's slap was fucking thunderous.I didn't think his look to Cat was sinister, more of "what do you expect" but I liked it, I love the guy who plays him, he does the quiet menance to perfection.  Its too bad he hasn't gotten more screen time.
2628	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	It was sinister because it was so casual and uncaring.
2629	Maxthestig	2013-06-04	I think the Roose Bolton casting is in the top 5 of the best casting.Sean BeanDavid Bradley as Walder FreyIain GlenRichard MaddenI love McElhatton
2630	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-04	Yep, it looks like Roose is going to be enjoying a front seat to the destruction of Robb's remaining forces.Grand. Rheon mentioned in an interview that the Ramsay reveal might be in episode 10 (I've followed this shit long enough to read their poor attempts at being cryptic), but I was sooo sure it would be a visual reveal. Like, Roose walking in on the torture and shouting down his son for physically ruining their valuable prisoner. Wonder how it'll go down if he stays at the Twins for a while...
2631	Maxthestig	2013-06-04	Anyone who thinks that Roose Bolton turned his cloak to survive, and not go down with the sinking ship of Stark has..."NOT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION"The Boltons and the Starks are the most bitter enemies of any two families in this world.  Someone wrote earlier that under Eddard, and later Robb, Roose had to hide his families heritage, its history of cruelty, dominance and political opposition to the Starks of Winterfell.  That person was 100% right.  Bolton, much earlier than Walder Frey or even Tywin Lannister, was looking for a way to take advantage of young Robb and do what his ancestors have tried to do for 8,000 years:  destroy the male line of Stark, forcibly marry their women and claim the North.  That same person also mentioned the symbolic value of "the armor".  The armor, worn by both father and son, does indeed represent the full and final revelation of House Bolton:  cruel, proud and merciless.  It is worn only in moments of utter victory:1.  Ramsay's sack of Winterfell2.  Roose's murder of the "last" male Stark3.  Roose's arrival to the North as the Lord Paramount, triumphantThe Boltons are far, far greater villains than the Freys.  They are traitors who have taken advantage of House Stark's unwillingness to exterminate them years ago, waiting for weakness.  We know what Roose thinks of young lords and how they doom a house.  He saw the same in Robb.  He took every chance to undermine the Young Wolf, from Winterfell to the bleeding of loyalist forces, to the retention of his own, to the alliance with House Frey, and even to the sacrifice of the Brave Companions to Ser Gregore.That having been said, I believe Roose knows, inside, that his line is finished.  His bastard will kill any of his trueborn sons, but he lacks the subtlety or guile to hold the North for long after his father's death.  Therefore, I would not be shocked if the big twist in Book 6 is that Roose himself kills Ramsay.I love your post !
2632	mafalda	2013-06-04	When I first saw this ep it was a total WTF at the way Roose behaved at the chain mail reveal. Then I just started laughing at it, because his trolling was hilarious.
By the way, is there a way of finding out if your post was replied to, other than flipping through the pages? I'm not sure if I'm overlooking something here. Thanks!
2633	Where Boars Glow	2013-06-04	I thought the look that Roose gave Cat after she exposed his mail was pefect, I must be the only one. hahaAlso I believe that Roose ran after being slapped to help subdue Rob's bannerman.No agreed. Just because Roose is much better at the game then his son....at waiting for his moments. He too is a total sadist. I loved that slight smirk. it was his moment of triumph. He feels he was always better suited to rule the north. Not that sanctimonious Eddard....not his fool boy of a son. He did look down at his sleeve. he wanted cat to look. He couldn't contain himself any further. He wanted her to know what he had done before Walder Frey that decaying old letcher could reveal. This was his design.
2634	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I haven't seen most of Season 3 since I don't have HBO but I youtubed the RW and thought Roose was badly performed. I always imagined him as completely emotionally detached and casual about the whole thing and I think that's scarier. And when he said "The Lannisters send their regards" he sounded to dramatic whereas a blank, emotionless delivery would have been better. Frey was done perfectly on the other hand. Can't wait til that fuck dies.
2635	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	No agreed. Just because Roose is much better at the game then his son....at waiting for his moments. He too is a total sadist. I loved that slight smirk. it was his moment of triumph. He feels he was always better suited to rule the north. Not that sanctimonious Eddard....not his fool boy of a son. He did look down at his sleeve. he wanted cat to look. He couldn't contain himself any further. He wanted her to know what he had done before Walder Frey that decaying old letcher could reveal. This was his design. I like this post. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> This was his design, indeed.
2636	gash	2013-06-04	great actor but ya the writing of him for this scene was bizarre, him running off like a little girl?? wtf
2637	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-06-04	great actor but ya the writing of him for this scene was bizarre, him running off like a little girl?? wtfHe ran off because bullets (well, bolts) were about to start flying.  He'd tipped his hand to Cat, logically Cat was immediately going to raise the alarm, and once she did that the attack would have to start.And he likely reasoned that since the crossbowmen were FREY crossbowmen -- and much better musicians in this continuity than they were in the book -- they'd probably have shitty aim.
2638	Negator	2013-06-04	I love your post !Why thank you.  I think that the Bolton-Stark rivalry is incredibly interesting because the two represent the two opposite sides of the same coin that is the North.  The Starks are this old-world, Celtic/Nordic honor, guile-free honesty and open masculinity.  The Boltons represent the other side, the paganism, the barbarism, the revel of absolute power of a warlord over his vassals and subjects.  What is interesting is that, in a sense, this divide is somewhat new.  I do believe that the Starks and Boltons of yore were not that dissimilar, which explains why the flayers were never wiped out:  they were not seen as a cancerous evil, but rather as one of many powerful Houses.  I do believe the theory that the Starks of old sacrificed their prisoners or even commoners to the Old Gods in exchange for powers, such as warging.  Certainly explains the Northern tradition of performing executions manually.  The Boltons, in turn, wore the skins of Starks to attempt and directly inherit these warging powers; literally, skinchangers.  Blood magic is the best kind of magic in this world.  It works for Rhllor, it works for Mirri Maz Druri, and it works just fine for the weirwoods.
2639	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-05	I didn't say it was "stupid", but it was pathetic and didn't fit Roose's character at all. Yes he behaved like a troll - a BAD troll who can't help grinning before the joke is done, who gets slapped like a bitch and runs away tripping over his own feet. This is NOT how it happened in the book AT ALL, and is a total disservice to Roose, not to mention simply badly staged and therefore losing a lot of impact on the viewers.Heya! Apologies if I came off as hostile; I was a bit bleary.You are wrong, in the book Roose DID leave to don his dark plate armour, when he came back he even had his visor down so Catelyn didn't recognise him at first. The guy Cat caught hiding chainmail under his clothing wasn't Roose but Edwyn Frey.Sorry, I phrased that poorly. I know Roose left to get his armor in the book. It's just in the show he didn't, which in my opinion worked better in the context of the moving pieces. If he totally left to get his armor, it would've seemed like an oddly long time and we would lose a familiar face revealing the shit about to hit the fan. Plus, he would've had to open the doors again, which would look odd because they were closed so forebodingly. And, no one else is wearing heavy armor, so it would look weird. What I meant by "special" was that I didn't recall the armor getting any particularly special description besides being dark plate and being worn with his pink cloak...until ADWD when Theon thinks it's tres chic. If they'd had the part with Ramsay sacking Winterfell in his scary armor, sure, it would've made sense, but that parallel is lost now. I don't think it's that important anyway, but that's just me. Roose's villainy has always impressed me more as the calculating long-planning type. Sure he can fight, but that's not what makes him so fierce.Yeah, and doing it fast would also be just like any other show (case in point - Sopranos). Also, they did incomprehensibly slowed down at some points, i.e. Rob standing up and talking to Cat while full of crossbow bolts was needlessly (and unrealistically) drawn out. But anyway, the issue isn't between fast and slow, it's between win and fail. Book version = win, TV version = fail, reason: they crammed everything up too much and tripped over their own feet, resulting in an incoherent, mumbling and weak performance doing a disservice to the original.Eh, agree to disagree. I can understand why some people didn't like that as much.I can't wait for Ep. 10 to see the Ramsay reveal. On Tumblr there was an awesome GIFset comparing Roose and Ramsay -- they were really well cast as father and son. ... and both are really hot, but that's beside the point.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 05 June 2013 - 12:17 AM.
2640	I'll pay the iron price	2013-06-05	It made perfect sense for Roose to run aside when he knew a barrage of crossbow bolts were about to come raining down.
The way he slid back in at the end to shank Robb and deliver the line about Lannisters sending their regards was breath taking.
I'm looking forward to seeing more of this guy next season.
2641	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	...Roose was badly performed. I always imagined him as completely emotionally detached and casual about the whole thing and I think that's scarier. And when he said "The Lannisters send their regards" he sounded to dramatic whereas a blank, emotionless delivery would have been better. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I always pictured him saying it in a whisper; a cool, calm, this-is-nothing-to-me kinda way.  Still, they've nailed every other scene Roose has been in, so I can look past the slight difference in interpretation.  But it did strike me as an over-the-top delivery, by Roose's standards.
2642	Brixon	2013-06-05	Roose gave Cat the same look the book readers gave their unsullied friends as it was all about to go down.
2643	Tenshi	2013-06-05	The sleeve scene was absolute brilliance. It's like the moment in chess where the master reveals "checkmate in 3". The smile - brilliant, of a cool player who knows he's won, without being bombastic.
The kill scene I didn't like too much. I'd have preferred Roose just stepping up slowly, whispering the words with light irony, and finishing it with dignity. In general, I could think of many improvements, but I suppose reading a book is always superior /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
2644	ebevan91	2013-06-05	I was hoping he'd say it in an angry way while stabbing him from the back.
Oh well, what's done is done.
2645	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-05	I just realized something - Roose was showing Cat what he had "up his sleeve."  Awesome  symbolism by the writers /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2646	OverLordMoe	2013-06-05	I just realized something - Roose was showing Cat what he had "up his sleeve."  Awesome  symbolism by the writers /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />You sir, win the internet.
2647	Honourable Ser	2013-06-05	Actually, I thought Michael McElhatton was one of the best things about the episode. His look at Catelyn said "Go on, look. It's too late now." Chilling stuff!
2648	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-05	Yeah, I didn't see him "giving the game up," since the doors were just locked. Even if Catelyn sounded the alarm they were already dead.
2649	UnCleos	2013-06-05	I thought his portrayal was quite good, and thought the look was in character.  We know Roose has a sadistic side, and because of the lack of characters he was needed to fill the role of the "chain mail reveal".  It wasn't exactly a wide smile either, his eyes widened a little bit as if to say "yup, you're fucked".
As for the running, again I didn't really see it as out of character.  Roose is very intelligent, and as many have pointed out the bolts were about to rain (pardon the pun) down on Robb, Cat, and the rest.  For me, it was actually one of the most realistic scenes in the episode.  Reminded me of a politician being led away on a stage after bullets are fired.  Nice touch IMO and a great way to kick off the chaos.
Only thing I agree with is that his original line should have been kept the same.  His final stabbing of Robb could have been done better in many ways, but I think they struggled with the logistics of Roose stabbing Robb point blank.  We saw the complications that this show had when Arya stabbed the stable boy with Needle (maybe the clumsiest scene in the series).  I think they needed it to be quick, hell you don't even see what Roose had in his hands.
2650	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-05	.  Reminded me of a politician being led away on a stage after bullets are fired.  Nice touch IMO and a great way to kick off the chaos.That's a good analogy. I like it.ETA: I liked the way Roose said his emblematic line. Different, but consistent. It was just like the way Jon said 'you were right about me the whole time' to Orell: a mix of strength, anger and satisfaction. I guess you can't speak softly to the man you're about to kill.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 05 June 2013 - 04:29 PM.
2651	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	I liked the sleeve scene though I could've done without the "gotcha" smile. How he swooped in and out to stab Robb was lame though. Felt very stage-y and contrived. I also didn't like how he delivered his line. I always imagined a much colder and matter-of-fact tone. The way he said it made it sound like he was stabbing Robb out of personal revenge.
2652	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	The whole aspect of Roose Bolton in the books and now the television show was the scary fact that he was a huge villain hiding in plain sight. I'm sure a lot of the TV fans are now going to watch the earlier episodes or at least think back to them looking for clues that tipped us off that he was so trecherous. The writing was not on the wall with him, but in retrospect, when you put all the pieces of the puzzle together it's like ":How could I NOT have guessed this???"
2653	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	The silent exchange between Cat and Roose was one of the best moments in the entire series to me. I loved it because it goes straight to the core of both their characters. Catelyn, the fierce, protective and suspicious mother finds out something is terribly amiss before anyone else. Roose, the master of trollery, taunts his liege lady in such a dastardly way. He's basically telling her what is about to transpire and that there is absolutely nothing she could do about it at this point. It was chilling and so perfect for building up that whole scene.
2654	newwb	2013-06-05	the smirking to cat is just his way of saying 'i love it when a plan comes together'. i loved it. it was in character for someone who loves scheming and playing the game.
2655	HouseHarrison	2013-06-05	I've been a HUGE fan of Roose's performances... up until last night.The smug smile he had on his face when Cat saw his armor was totally off. I never really got the impression that Roose enjoyed his betrayal. It was simply practical from his position to turn his cloak. Also, his ninja entrance to deliver the final blow came out of left field, and his delivery of his line seemed angry, instead of the calm, calculated I expected.This is where I disagree on Roose's characterization I guess.To me, that was very fitting for Roose. Taunting someone who he knew was going to imminently die. Roose has a chilled, calm, and somewhat emotionless personality, yes, but I've always believed that underneath all that is an even more vicious and sadistic side that would put Ramsay to shame. And that sadistic streak will sometimes bubble to the surface, as it did in this episode. Theon hints at this being the case a few times at least.
2656	Honourable Ser	2013-06-05	This is where I disagree on Roose's characterization I guess.To me, that was very fitting for Roose. Taunting someone who he knew was going to imminently die. Roose has a chilled, calm, and somewhat emotionless personality, yes, but I've always believed that underneath all that is an even more vicious and sadistic side that would put Ramsay to shame. And that sadistic streak will sometimes bubble to the surface, as it did in this episode. Theon hints at this being the case a few times at least. I agree, Ramsay must get it from somewhere haha!
2657	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-05	There were three moments during the RW that really made me shiver: the beginning of Rains of Castamere, the look given by Roose, and the desperate plead by Catelyn. I am not sure of whether this is in his character, but it does not matter. The show is a separate entity and I think that smirk worked pretty well on TV. It basically created that atmosphere of sudden panic, which is terrible to watch, especially when you know what is coming; the look of the inevitable death.
2658	King of the Road	2013-06-05	I've said it in a number of places now, I'll say it again here. I agree that Michelle Fairley deserves every accolade for her performance as Catelyn. But people are unfortunately neglecting just how good Michael McElhatton was. That smirk to Catelyn was, for me, the best bit of acting in the episode, he acted purely with his eyes, there was a glint in there that I can only imagine McElhatton doing. It was a perfect reveal of his treachery, his malice, and his skill in the game. I desperately hope that D+D will write more scenes for him. A great character, perfectly played by an outstanding actor.
2659	Warrior Queen	2013-06-05	Hm never really been a fan of his Roose portrayal. Book Roose scares the shit out of me, this guy doesn't. Thinking about book Roose makes me shiver, in a bad way. 
I did kinda like that he looked at his sleeve and went like: See what i'm wearing, see what's going to happen to you.
The stabbing well... idk. After someone here called it a 'drive by stabbing' i can't look at it anymore without laughing loudly.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 05 June 2013 - 05:11 PM.
2660	The Flaying Man	2013-06-05	I've said it in a number of places now, I'll say it again here. I agree that Michelle Fairley deserves every accolade for her performance as Catelyn. But people are unfortunately neglecting just how good Michael McElhatton was. That smirk to Catelyn was, for me, the best bit of acting in the episode, he acted purely with his eyes, there was a glint in there that I can only imagine McElhatton doing. It was a perfect reveal of his treachery, his malice, and his skill in the game. I desperately hope that D+D will write more scenes for him. A great character, perfectly played by an outstanding actor.I agree, his performance has blown me away so far. Very understated, but he is definitely one of the best actors in the show. I'm really looking forward to how menacing he will be once he returns north, and especially how he will silence Ramsay with a glance.
2661	Morpheus	2013-06-05	I think the smirk was perfect, very chilling, and by the time the doors were shut and Frey started his speech the Starks' fate was sealed, he wasn't in any danger of giving the plan away, he chose the pefect moment to mock his victim. There is a heavy degree of psychological torment to the ambush, Robb watches his wife die and Cat watches her son die before she is offed. Intentionally letting Cat know that shit was about to go down and there was nothing she could do about it was a calculated and cruel twist.
2662	Jolene Brown	2013-06-05	That smirk to Cat is from the side of Roose that says shit like, "Don't make me regret the day I raped your mother."  His whole cool and collected thing is a bit of a faAade, and I still wonder what's going on inside his head about Ramsay's killing of what was obviously the son he preferred x about a zillion (Demeric?).
2663	Ramsay Gimp	2013-06-05	Just wana repeat that the Roose was literally showing Cat what he had "up his sleeve." That shit must have been intentional (on the writer's part)
2664	PhoenixFlame	2013-06-05	The show is an adaptation. There will be character tweaks, facets that get upplayed, downplayed, etc. Roose having more snark in the TV version works better onscreen. He definitely has a troll side, it's just less pronounced in the books, which works fine because readers have the benefit of more abstract description.
2665	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	That smirk to Cat is from the side of Roose that says shit like, "Don't make me regret the day I raped your mother."  His whole cool and collected thing is a bit of a faAade, and I still wonder what's going on inside his head about Ramsay's killing of what was obviously the son he preferred x about a zillion (Demeric?).Well the sick thing is, Domeric was the trueborn and preferred heir to the Dreadfort, but I got a sense from his interactions with Ramsay in ADWD that on some dark, base level he admired Ramsay's ambition and cunning in eliminating Domeric to take his place at Roose's side. Roose likes that Ramsay is ruthless but he abhors the fact that he's sloppy and overindulgent. Roose is the mastermind, Ramsay is the sledgehammer.
2666	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	Another thing people need to understand is that House Bolton has literally been rebelling against the Starks, on and off, for a thousand years. So, to Roose, the Red Wedding was the culmination of a thousand years of vendetta and the absolute triumph of House Bolton over their blood enemy: The Starks. How could he NOT enjoy being the one Lord of the Dreadfort to finally exact the revenge that none of his ancestors were able to pull off before him? He was ecstatic in his own way. .
2667	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Another thing people need to understand is that House Bolton has literally been rebelling against the Starks, on and off, for a thousand years. So, to Roose, the Red Wedding was the culmination of a thousand years of vendetta and the absolute triumph of House Bolton over their blood enemy: The Starks. How could he NOT enjoy being the one Lord of the Dreadfort to finally exact the revenge that none of his ancestors were able to pull off before him? He was ecstatic in his own way. .Regardless of the Stark/Bolton feud, Roose takes enjoyment out of the whole ordeal because he wins. He's a real troll, selfish, and anyone that considers flaying a valid form of questioning or punishment is beyond cruel. Nobody does that without benefiting from some sick pleasure of being in complete control and having absolute power, not to mention watch people grovel.
2668	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-06	I think the smirk was perfect, very chilling, and by the time the doors were shut and Frey started his speech the Starks' fate was sealed, he wasn't in any danger of giving the plan away, he chose the pefect moment to mock his victim. There is a heavy degree of psychological torment to the ambush, Robb watches his wife die and Cat watches her son die before she is offed. Intentionally letting Cat know that shit was about to go down and there was nothing she could do about it was a calculated and cruel twist.I thought it was a marvelous moment; and both actors delivered it perfectly.
2669	Jazzman	2013-06-06	I never got the impression that Roose was a brave and capable warrior, i think the running suited him. I think him as a socipath who plays the game well and stays out of danger. Ramsay also certainly got some (or most) of his craziness from Roose, Roose just has his craziness in a less subtle way than Ramsay.
My opinion
2670	Dark_Star	2013-06-06	i think Roose should have stabbed Rob in the back, it would have been more fitting. Dont't get the drive by stabbingRoose not making a show of this "masterpiece" of a plan coming together was really my only issue in the whole episode. The drive-by stabbing was sort of anticlimactic imo.
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Star, 06 June 2013 - 06:22 AM.
2671	Nucky Thompson	2013-06-06	It was a huge departure to have Roose scuttling out of the room away from a woman after being bitch-slapped, instead of dramatically marching into the room at the head of a force of Northerners.It would have been delicious for Cat to call out his name, for her to look relieved, then look doubtful, for the audiences hopes that Rob and Cat could be saved to pivot on this grey man, for people to dare "hope" (a cruel element lost in this adaptation) and for him to march up to Robb and stab him with a force of Boltons behind him. Now that would look really well on TV... I'm also disappointed by the way Robb was killed. Roose simply stabbed him with a dagger, there was no sword driven into the king's persona as for a dramatic regicide. The scurrying off was not well thought of and somewhat ruined the drama value of the scene. He could have gracefully made several steps to the side after shrugging off Cat's slap. The way it was done looked more like he tried to get in position as fast as possible and was more appropriate for a Tom & Jerry episode rather than the season's culmination in a drama such as 'Game of Thrones'. Nevertheless, one masterful performance from the show's cast and especially from Michael McElhatton.
2672	grrmforreal	2013-06-06	You've all made a great deal about the meaning of my smirk, so I'll let you in on the truth.  Seconds before we shot that scene, Michelle made a joke about the size of my schlong (totally inaccurate, I might add), I couldn't quite get the smile off my face (and I'll admit, it was somewhat of an embarrassed smile).  Michelle and I apologized to David and asked to shoot it again as I was supposed have stuck my tongue out at Michelle when she discovered the mail.  Strangely, David thought that the grin was even better, so we kept it.
2673	GallowsKnight	2013-06-06	The one thing I wished happened? A visual gag about Roose Bolton's wife. Like he said he was offered her weight in silver. Then we see an enormous girl come up and curtsy to Catelyn. It's light-hearted nature would make BAM everyones dead more impactful.
2674	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	Roose not making a show of this "masterpiece" of a plan coming together was really my only issue in the whole episode. The drive-by stabbing was sort of anticlimactic imo.I rewatched the scene, and it went by a bit slower this time for me. It's still quick, but the camera does cut to Cat's reaction which makes it seem even quicker. I don't know how much longer he could've stood there since Robb could barely stand and thus falls over relatively quickly. It's just one of those unfortunate TV things were prolonging something could make it seem way too Hollywood.I do wish they had him wear his cloak...I always found that so preposterous that he was dressed in armor and helm with his pink cloak to stab a guy who's almost already dead...Only a real ass does that lol.
2675	Humble Hedge Knight	2013-06-06	You've all made a great deal about the meaning of my smirk, so I'll let you in on the truth.  Seconds before we shot that scene, Michelle made a joke about the size of my schlong (totally inaccurate, I might add), I couldn't quite get the smile off my face (and I'll admit, it was somewhat of an embarrassed smile).  Michelle and I apologized to David and asked to shoot it again as I was supposed have stuck my tongue out at Michelle when she discovered the mail.  Strangely, David thought that the grin was even better, so we kept it.Thanks Mike!
2676	Filleted Man	2013-06-07	There are constantly interviewing Robb Cat and Talisa's actors now.
I want to see interviews of Roose and Frey. Does anyone know of any?
2677	lannistergold	2013-06-07	I think it would have been perfect if he had been slapped, just looked at Cat for a second, smiled, and glanced up at the balcony before backing away.That would have been perfect.Agreed.However, that little smirk seemed very much him. He's a subtler monster than Ramsay, but it's not surprising that he's a bit excited at the thought of getting rid of the last obstacle to shoring up his control of Winterfell
					
					
							Edited by lannistergold, 07 June 2013 - 10:24 PM.
2678	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-08	I think the smirk was perfect, very chilling, and by the time the doors were shut and Frey started his speech the Starks' fate was sealed, he wasn't in any danger of giving the plan away, he chose the pefect moment to mock his victim. There is a heavy degree of psychological torment to the ambush, Robb watches his wife die and Cat watches her son die before she is offed. Intentionally letting Cat know that shit was about to go down and there was nothing she could do about it was a calculated and cruel twist.Agree, that smile just felt like Roose taking a sadistic pleasure in letting Cat know how doomed she and her son really were. I loved it. Roose may not have feelings, but he delights in playing with people's emotions. We've already seen some of this in the scene with Jaime, and the exchange with Cat really helped show just how chilling he is.Off topic, but I'm hoping that in the next episode, Ramsay reveals the details of the RW to Theon, and essentially guilt trips him and torments him so that Theon feels that it's all his fault. Like father, like son.
2679	lannistergold	2013-06-08	Off topic, but I'm hoping that in the next episode, Ramsay reveals the details of the RW to Theon, and essentially guilt trips him and torments him so that Theon feels that it's all his fault. Like father, like son.Off topic, but wow... it never occured to me before, but we can blame Theon for the RW. At least in the books, where Robb turned to Jeyne for comfort after the supposed death of his brothers, bringing about the feud with the Freys.
2680	The Drunkard	2013-06-08	On the tv show, Roose would have to be my favourite character. Every scene he's in (lately, at least) ends up being great. The "Lannisters send their regards" line I thought could've been better, but the previous look he gave Cat made up for it.I cannot wait for the "don't make me rue the day I raped your mother" line.
					
					
							Edited by The Drunkard, 08 June 2013 - 11:23 AM.
2681	Lone Star Pate	2013-07-02	http://www.youtube.c...d&v=B1xxqPE4I4gThe Roose is looseThe Roose.  The Roose.  The Roose is on fire.He's my favorite character of the past two seasons.  I can't help but watch "Perspective" clip and then go back and watch RW.
2682	Conchobar	2013-07-04	I love him in this.Hip Hop Artist Roose Bolton.At 2:45 in the video he is wearing a bib blingy Golden chain around his neck with a large "R" at the end of it. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5IJ4Jy-XauE
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 04 July 2013 - 04:11 AM.
2683	Dove	2013-07-07	The Roose.  The Roose.  The Roose is on fire.thisI lol and roll my eyes bigtime when people get all fandumb over Ramsay but I'll be goddamned if The Roose "Is Loose" Bolton and Michael McElhatton by extension isn't just the best thing (i am the hypocrite, it's me, but still)
2684	A Frey'd Knot	2013-07-07	I thought the "Oh, yeah, you just got OWNED" look was perfect. Top-notch trolling.
I'm a big fan of the Boltons (as wrong as that sounds) and I think the show is doing them both pretty much perfectly. Ramsay the gloating panto uber-baddie and Roose the iron fist in the (presumably pink) velvet glove.
2685	morgan1028	2013-07-08	I thought the smirk was dead on.  And Cat slapped the sh*t out of him, it should've been a Frey, Bolton was just as satisfying, poor Catelyn
2686	Lone Star Pate	2013-07-09	thisI lol and roll my eyes bigtime when people get all fandumb over Ramsay but I'll be goddamned if The Roose "Is Loose" Bolton and Michael McElhatton by extension isn't just the best thing (i am the hypocrite, it's me, but still)I'm thoroughly entertained whenever he shows up. He steals dang near every scene.  I was watching Season 2 with an Unsullied friend of mine and I had to stop myself from giving away how dangerous he and House Bolton are to the fate of the Starks and the back-story of them being rivals in the North.I thought the "Oh, yeah, you just got OWNED" look was perfect. Top-notch trolling.I'm a big fan of the Boltons (as wrong as that sounds) and I think the show is doing them both pretty much perfectly. Ramsay the gloating panto uber-baddie and Roose the iron fist in the (presumably pink) velvet glove.He has a deft political hand, I think he would've been a great hand to Robb if the war had gone in his favor, and still uses low cunning to really twist the knife, so to speak.  That knowing smirk chills me to the quick too - you never know where he stands until it's too late and even then he's inscrutable.  Trollface could learn a thing or too from McElhatton's Leech Lord. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />  I can't help but like Ramsay as well.  He kept Season 3 very, very interesting.  I crack up anytime I see those gifs of him playing with his food and tormenting poor Theon.Prunes and leeches, I tell ya.  This is the stuff of a Boss in Westeros..
					
					
							Edited by Pistol Pate, 09 July 2013 - 02:42 AM.
2687	Conchobar	2013-07-09	I'm thoroughly entertained whenever he shows up. He steals dang near every scene.  I was watching Season 2 with an Unsullied friend of mine and I had to stop myself from giving away how dangerous he and House Bolton are to the fate of the Starks and the back-story of them being rivals in the North.He has a deft political hand, I think he would've been a great hand to Robb if the war had gone in his favor, and still uses low cunning to really twist the knife, so to speak.  That knowing smirk chills me to the quick too - you never know where he stands until it's too late and even then he's inscrutable.  Trollface could learn a thing or too from McElhatton's Leech Lord. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />  I can't help but like Ramsay as well.  He kept Season 3 very, very interesting.  I crack up anytime I see those gifs of him playing with his food and tormenting poor Theon.Prunes and leeches, I tell ya.  This is the stuff of a Boss in Westeros..What is the picture in your avatar from?
2688	Lone Star Pate	2013-07-09	What is the picture in your avatar from?Why my good man, this is Prince Thaddeus from the movie Your Highness.
					
					
							Edited by Pistol Pate, 09 July 2013 - 03:21 AM.
2689	Onions4all	2013-07-09	I think Roose is general is just horribly miscast.  
Roose of the books is weasely, soft spoken and has beady eyes and wormy lips.  You know from the beginning that everyone was scared of him because he said so little.  This Roose is nothing of the sort, and has way too much of an Alpha male/strong featured face and handsomeness.
I think they've done a different job overall with casting, but Roose is one of those who they just completely struck out on.
2690	morgan1028	2013-07-09	I think Roose is general is just horribly miscast.  Roose of the books is weasely, soft spoken and has beady eyes and wormy lips.  You know from the beginning that everyone was scared of him because he said so little.  This Roose is nothing of the sort, and has way too much of an Alpha male/strong featured face and handsomeness.I think they've done a different job overall with casting, but Roose is one of those who they just completely struck out on. Hmmm..  He is pretty good looking, but The Bastard of Bolton has the wormy lips.  You know what I missed?  The leeches, when he was in Harrehal and having a whispery conference w/ The Stoats (Freys)  naked and being leeched.
2691	Kaitscralt	2013-07-09	Roose Putin is the best thing to happen to the show.
2692	Filleted Man	2013-07-09	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=7daSfMJ3m_U
2693	Lone Star Pate	2013-07-09	Roose Putin is the best thing to happen to the show.*slow clap*  well said kaits, well said.
					
					
							Edited by Pistol Pate, 09 July 2013 - 01:36 PM.
2694	Aeternum	2013-07-09	Roose of the books is weasely, soft spoken and has beady eyes and wormy lips.Excuse me? Our Lord is not "beady-eyed", and definitely not "weaselly". You must be confusing him with the Freys. Read the books again, because our Warden of the North is physically described a lot. I will overlook this insulting post, because it amuses me, but type that shit again and the offending fingers will be flayed.  /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />On a more serious note, Roose should be pictured more as "polite and mild-mannered suburban dad who is secretly a serial killer" than as "ugly and wormy politician who is obviously a slimeball." He looks and acts very normal (his looks are described as boringly bland), with only a few signs of his real nature - think of Kevin Spacey in Se7en rather than Gordon Gekko.
					
					
							Edited by Aeternum, 09 July 2013 - 05:24 PM.
2695	Conchobar	2013-07-09	Why my good man, this is Prince Thaddeus from the movie Your Highness.I shall watch this.
2696	Pinkie Baelish	2013-07-09	On a more serious note, Roose should be pictured more as "polite and mild-mannered suburban dad who is secretly a serial killer" than as "ugly and wormy politician who is obviously a slimeball." He looks and acts very normal (his looks are described as boringly bland), with only a few signs of his real nature - think of Kevin Spacey in Se7en rather than Gordon Gekko.Good comparison, but I pictured Roose to be closer to Breaking Bad's Gustavo Fring than anybody else. Seemingly normal and unassuming, but possessing a visibly cold and threatening exterior at the same time.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 10 July 2013 - 05:36 AM.
2697	Lone Star Pate	2013-07-10	.I shall watch this.Watch and enjoy brother.  You might see a familiar face whilst you do.  Good comparison, but I pictured Roose to be closer than Breaking Bad's Gustavo Fring than anybody else. Seemingly normal and unassuming, but possessing a visibly cold and threatening exterior at the same time.TV Roose does seem very much like Gustavo in character and manner.  He a coldblooded killa.
2698	bastard-of-winterfell	2013-07-10	I  definitely think he took some amusment in it. How else do you explain his wry "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" as he made the killing blow?****lannisters send their regards, not jaime.
2699	bastard-of-winterfell	2013-07-10	He certainly bolted out of the way quickly. You could even say he got his bolt on... Alright, terrible puns aside.It's all about the direction. While I agree he was bailing away from the oncoming crossbow fire, him running in that certain direction helped the flow of the scene.> He runs to his right, drawing the audiences eyes to Talisa/Lame Lothar  > Talisa is stabbed from behind> cut to Robb's reaction and him getting hit by bolts> cut to army's reaction/general slaughter.he was BOLTEN outa there!
2700	papirico52	2013-07-18	I think the bad guy from The Crow (movie) should have played Roose IMO
					
					
							Edited by papirico52, 18 July 2013 - 09:39 AM.
2701	Lady Grimshaw	2013-12-30	The bad guy from the The Crow is Michael Wincott. He is awesome, but he is not Roose.
2702	Lady White Wolf	2014-01-29	Have to say that I love the actor as Roose but didn't love RW execution.  Still looking forward to next seasons storyline tho!
2703	Stormking Alesander I	2014-03-02	I think Roose Trollton is a bit like a grown up, clever Ramsay Bolton
2704	Chillboy	2014-03-18	Roose Bolton will eventually sit on the Iron Throne.
2705	Bluecore	2014-04-03	Excellent portrayal acting wise, but he doesn't look anything like how Roose is described in the novel. My only complaint about the entire scene is that I wish the part where Roose mumbles under his breath before excusing himself initially was acted out as well. When I had read through it the first time in the book, my initial reaction "wait, what??", the only thing that suggested I actually read what I read was thinking back to Roose's odd behavior right before the killing began.
2706	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	Do you think Osha n Rickon will take the long way to Last Hearth? The Umbers and other northerners knowing the boys are alive will change everything that happens in the last two books. Do you think their journey will be like Frodo & Sam's, a round around journey that keeps getting delayed by the world?
					
					
							Edited by Master Forel's Fro, 04 June 2013 - 04:25 AM.
2707	The BlackBear	2013-06-04	Do you think Osha n Rickon will take the long way to Last Hearth? The Umbers and other northerners knowing the boys are alive will change everything that happens in the last two books. Do you think their journey will be like Frodo & Sam's, a round around journey that keeps getting delayed by the world?It is a bit weird what I assume will happen is they will somehow hear about the wedding (maybe from a mountain clanner like Bran meets in the books), and realise it's too dangerous to go to the Umbers, and then go to Skagos as we assume happened in the books.
2708	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	True rickon might be too young to make decisions and Osha is not used the games of southerners she might think if they were betrayed by their bannermen she shouldn't trust any and go to a place wildlings have gone and heard about.
2709	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	yeah well I think the word of the RW will pspread pretty quick, they could easily encounter someone on the road on in a tavern or simply over hear it some how, its a pretty big deal not just what happened to the people but the fact they were under the protections of guest rights, IIRC quite a few of the small folk and lords alike talk about it in the presents on POV characters after everything goes down, so its safe to assume its pretty wide spread news
2710	Versiroth	2013-06-04	In ADwD, it's said that Davos will need to go some where where there is cannibalism in order to find Rickon.  For the show, we'll likely get a few scenes of Rickon and Osha's travels to where ever that is.
2711	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	A Ramsey hunt would spice up his adventure no end- Rickon leaving Last Hearth just as Ramsey gets there etc. The actor playing Rickon brought tears to my eyes in the last episode- he really tugs on the heart strings. Could you get any more thrilling than a pyscho killer aided by a turncloak broken traitor, hot on the trail of a cute little boy with noone but Osha and Shaggydog to protect him?After the RW, I think people may well fear for Rickon's safety should Ramsey follow through with what he has already hinted at.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 07:48 AM.
2712	Maizel	2013-06-04	If I had a screaming kid with me,  I would have told him we were going to the Umbers as well,  in stead of an island full of Cannibals, regardless of my eventual destination.
That's how you deal with crying children,  you lie to them.
2713	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-04	Thinking we won't see much of them in the next two seasons. We may get a scene two to three times per season just to remind us they exist.
2714	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	Thinking we won't see much of them in the next two seasons. We may get a scene two to three times per season just to remind us they exist.And yet, despite the length of AFFC and ADWD, not an awful lot actually happens, or really translates well to TVThere is only so much mileage you can get out of Brienne endlessly repeating "I'm looking for a girl..." Arya street-walking and name dropping whore-houses in Braavos, Jamie reading the Kingsguard book, or Cercei plotting for chapter after chapter before a desperate thriller man-hunt through the north with Ramsey and Rickon starts to sound appealing.  It would would spice the show up no end, and parallel with Brienne's hunt for Sansa quite nicely. It would also give Theon and Ramsey something to do. The show clearly likes using them and felt it necessary to develop Ramsey now rather than introduce him in later series.
2715	Silverx2	2013-06-04	what if, and hear me out, they get to the umbers, as a way to reintroduce the Great John. It would take some work to make it fit, but they get there, he tells them what happens and keeps them hidden knowing that the north is kind of fucked up, Then when stannis arrives, and davos goes to manderley you find out that the Umber and the Manderley's have been working on a plot to destroy the boltons, and that they have the last heir to winterfell.
2716	StarkBlack21	2013-06-04	I really think we might see the Greatjon again. They got a lot of grief not bringing him back. Plus we need a strong and recognizable Northman to get behind.
2717	scurvy	2013-06-04	Even if they go to Last Hearth, there has to be some knowledge by Manderly doesn't there.  I mean, sending Davos to the Umbers to retrieve Rickon, why couldn't he just send someone else.  It's Davos' seafaring abilities that make getting to Skagos helpful.  And, wouldn't Stannis already run into Crowfood Umber who joins his host.  
Doesn't make sense without a lot of gymnastics.
2718	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-04	I think the folly of the Ramsay/Theon scenes this season is enough proof that the show writers attempting to write storylines that appear 'off-page', as it were, should be advised against.
Even if that means losing a potentially awesome acting duo of Natalia Tena and Art Parkinson.
2719	juanml82	2013-06-04	"Rickon and Osha Adventures in the North" could really spice up season 4, but I think the issue will be how long they can shoot with the actor who plays Rickon due child labour laws wherever they are shooting. I hope they include them, though. The next two seasons need more action
2720	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Given the small amount of time that's already been given the Bran story line, I'm not too hopeful that we'll get to track Rickon/Osha as well as Bran/Jojen/Meera in future episodes, but I would love nothing better.  I remember hearing during the first season that the writers liked the very positive fan reaction to Osha so they were going to write her into more scenes than were in the book, which they've done, so that gives me a small ray of hope.  Plus, as I mentioned in another thread, I'm hoping that with all the Stark fans out there the writers will give us more of the Starks we do have left.
2721	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	And yet, despite the length of AFFC and ADWD, not an awful lot actually happens, or really translates well to TV a desperate thriller man-hunt through the north with Ramsey and Rickon starts to sound appealing.  It would would spice the show up no end, and parallel with Brienne's hunt for Sansa quite nicely. It would also give Theon and Ramsey something to do. The show clearly likes using them and felt it necessary to develop Ramsey now rather than introduce him in later series.I agree apart from Dany trying to win meereen and Jon with the wildling there's not much action most of the characters are in one place so it would be good (bad for rick & osha) but more interesting to have that hunt ramsay mentioned in earlier episode. I really think we might see the Greatjon again. They got a lot of grief not bringing him back. Plus we need a strong and recognizable Northman to get behind.The only northerner that seems familiar is the greatjon and hopefully the reason they mentioned last hearth would be to bring back the greatjon. The guy had his ear bitten of right? Hopefully there's nothing else wrong with him and he can come back.Given the small amount of time that's already been given the Bran story line, I'm not too hopeful that we'll get to track Rickon/Osha as well as Bran/Jojen/Meera in future episodes, but I would love nothing better.  I remember hearing during the first season that the writers liked the very positive fan reaction to Osha so they were going to write her into more scenes than were in the book, which they've done, so that gives me a small ray of hope.  Plus, as I mentioned in another thread, I'm hoping that with all the Stark fans out there the writers will give us more of the Starks we do have left.I think even tho there are important POV characters the whole story starts and ends with bran and he's the most important character to this story, they didnt do a great job with the stark storyline but hopefully now that they can't ruin cat n robb anymore they can focus on bran and since the writers and even George really like the actress playing Osha that translates to more screen time ( worked for Ros n osha is so much better). After the last episode people (especially show only fans) need to see the other Starks survive, and unlike the books you don't wanna wonder where rickon is or even if he's alive.
2722	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	why did Greatjon leave anyway?
A manhunt for Rickon actually doesn't seem to bad, no clue how they would go about introducing it though. maybe Roose will meet Ramsay. It'll come up and Roose will send him on it.
2723	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	I really like the idea of Ramsay being sent on a mission to hunt down and kill Rickon. Remember the Boltons are the only Northern family that is aware that the Stark boys are still alive. It would not be out of character for Roose to send his bastard to hunt them down to tie up loose ends. It would also give Ramsay and Reek (Theon) something to do for a season before the events of ADWD takes place.
Tena, Alfie, Iwan and Art are too good in their roles to have them wasted for 1-2 seasons.
2724	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	A manhunt for Rickon actually doesn't seem to bad, no clue how they would go about introducing it though. maybe Roose will meet Ramsay. It'll come up and Roose will send him on it.That would be awsome, rickon being chased all over the north and they can show actual stark loyalty.I wonder since they didnt use Stannis trying besieging storms end to get to Edric they might use that story for rickon at last hearth.
2725	Liathano	2013-06-05	Don't forget - there was never any mention of Osha. She may well not be alive anymore, and Rickon and Shaggydog are fending for themselves. I think it's probable that something happened to them, and Rickon escaped and found himself with the Cannibals. Likely in good company given he's pretty wild by then.
2726	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	Oh my god i dont wanna imagine baby rickon fending for himself, i think osha's touch she'll live (hopefully)
I never understood why ppl say he's wild iirc he was 3-4 yrs old beginning of GoT its too soon to tell what hell be like, i personally think he'll be more like ned quiet and doesn't want to discus the past after everything he goes thru at a young age. someone said in another post he might be a greenseers too since both he and bran dreamed their father in the crypts and he just doesn't understand and his wolf is just reflecting his confusion and angry tantrums.
2727	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Also Rickon dreamed of his dad like right before they got the letter saying he was dead.. Said that ned had something to say to jon. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2728	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-05	They are not supposed to show where they are, or it will be a major spoiler for the next books
Osha and Rickon needs to disappear
in the books they disappeared since the end of ACOK
Wex Pyke tell Davos and the Lords in White Harbor that Rickon and Osha are in some canibbal place
IMO it's Skagos
					
					
							Edited by Jon Pauletto, 05 June 2013 - 09:16 AM.
2729	lostinasia	2013-06-05	They are not supposed to show where they are, or it will be a major spoiler for the next booksTo be honest I really hope the show doesn't care about that: they'll be entering major book-spoiler territory in Season 5 for sure, and quite probably in Season 4. If it best serves the purposes of the TV show, then show it. If the TV show wants to keep it a secret, then great, but I can easily see them adding a storyline. A Rickon chase does make sense as something for Ramsey & Reek to do, but I'm also wondering how much they can speed up events in the north - and for that matter, almost everywhere else.
2730	stannisismyking	2013-06-05	Don't forget - there was never any mention of Osha. She may well not be alive anymore, and Rickon and Shaggydog are fending for themselves. I think it's probable that something happened to them, and Rickon escaped and found himself with the Cannibals. Likely in good company given he's pretty wild by then.I may be mis-remembering but did GRRM not say that he has liked Osha so much in the show that he plans to write more for her in the books.
2731	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-05	To be honest I really hope the show doesn't care about that: they'll be entering major book-spoiler territory in Season 5 for sure, and quite probably in Season 4. If it best serves the purposes of the TV show, then show it. If the TV show wants to keep it a secret, then great, but I can easily see them adding a storyline. A Rickon chase does make sense as something for Ramsey & Reek to do, but I'm also wondering how much they can speed up events in the north - and for that matter, almost everywhere else.Well, IMO it'll be really bad for people who are waiting for TWOW. I hope Martin says a big no, so they can hide Rickon and Osha for sometime
2732	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	A Ramsey hunt would spice up his adventure no end- Rickon leaving Last Hearth just as Ramsey gets there etc. The actor playing Rickon brought tears to my eyes in the last episode- he really tugs on the heart strings. Could you get any more thrilling than a pyscho killer aided by a turncloak broken traitor, hot on the trail of a cute little boy with noone but Osha and Shaggydog to protect him?After the RW, I think people may well fear for Rickon's safety should Ramsey follow through with what he has already hinted at.Agreed. This show has very few -- if any -- "throwaway" lines.  As you said, Ramsay's already mentioned hunting them down, and Osha talked about having "some adventures." Seemed like two fairly innocuous comments, but they moved the needle on the foreshadowing meter for me.Plus, we know R + O are not going to end up in Last Hearth, so D&D need to concoct some motivation for them having to resort to fleeing to Skagos.
2733	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-06-05	I think we might see more of rickon and osha than we expected .I dont think they will reach umbers though.They will have some adventures and i am pretty sure it will be on screen.
2734	lizziebeth	2013-06-05	Agreed. This show has very few -- if any -- "throwaway" lines.  As you said, Ramsay's already mentioned hunting them down, and Osha talked about having "some adventures." Seemed like two fairly innocuous comments, but they moved the needle on the foreshadowing meter for me.Plus, we know R + O are not going to end up in Last Hearth, so D&D need to concoct some motivation for them having to resort to fleeing to Skagos.I agree, the Ramsay line about hunting Bran and Rickon and Osha's line about having some adventures both made my foreshadowing senses tingle.   I personally would love to watch Rickon and Osha being hunted by Ramsay. It would give a reason to keep R + O in the show and give Ramsay and Theon something to do other than more torture scenes. That's a win all around I think.
2735	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	...I personally would love to watch Rickon and Osha being hunted by Ramsay. It would give a reason to keep R + O in the show and give Ramsay and Theon something to do other than more torture scenes. That's a win all around I think.Could not agree more, Lizziebeth.
2736	Eizweix	2013-06-05	Ramsay is a very good hunter, at least in the books - where he's releasing his prisoners or letting them escape and then hunting them down. Don't you think if he would start hunting Osha and Rickon he would capture them?
Also The Dreadfort is quite far away from Osha's nad Rickon position and he would have to be far away from his home to hunt them down + how would he know where they even are, nobody knows where they are?
					
					
							Edited by Eizweix, 05 June 2013 - 11:24 AM.
2737	Igziabeher	2013-06-05	I'd love to see Rickon and Osha more, but their goodbye struck me as not just a goodbye to Bran, but to the viewers as well.  Either way I'd rather see them checked in on every now and then.
2738	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-05	Agree with the Ramsay hunting Osha and Rickon.  I wouldn't be surprised if they were actually captured, and then Theon is somehow involved in them escaping.  Which earns him a mighty ass-whupping from the Bastard.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 05 June 2013 - 11:33 AM.
2739	ViserionsFire	2013-06-05	I agree, the Ramsay line about hunting Bran and Rickon and Osha's line about having some adventures both made my foreshadowing senses tingle.   I personally would love to watch Rickon and Osha being hunted by Ramsay. It would give a reason to keep R + O in the show and give Ramsay and Theon something to do other than more torture scenes. That's a win all around I think.With Rickon and Osha on their own now and if their storyline continues as a northern adventure, perhaps some of the book characters that weren't included in the TV series so far will be introduced.  They may encounter "The Liddle", and he may provide news as to what's happening throughout the kingdom.Just as  in the book, "The Liddle" informed Bran& Co. as to those that were hunting for them, he could inform Osha and Rickon instead.  As a member of the Mountain Clan and living in Stark territory, he may have some connection to the Stark's and want to have their line continue. The TV writers could include him in Osha's and Rickon's journey.
2740	Warrior Queen	2013-06-05	Thinking we won't see much of them in the next two seasons. We may get a scene two to three times per season just to remind us they exist.Well i'm not so sure about this. Tommen is going to be King next season and how many times have we seen him this season? 0 times.EDIT (very off topic i know):hahaha I went to do a youtube search to make sure my statement above is true and stumbled onto this:A song about Tommen and his kittens:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=AI6_0O9fx7U /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 05 June 2013 - 05:30 PM.
2741	Thor Odinson	2013-06-05	Well, to be fair, the actor playing Tommen is a little kid who likely doesn't get a lot of work. That's a far cry from someone like Natalia Tena who, if they don't keep her on, may very well find herself in a new job that'll keep her from coming back. So IMO they're going to have to have some kind of Osha/Rickon plot thread going in order to keep her on (Which, IMO, would be a good thing. Like other posters, I'd like to see more of the north. And damn it, Osha IS pretty awesome, and I'd love to see more of her).
2742	HouseHarrison	2013-06-05	I doubt it. There's already the issue of too many plots, and the producers have been given a huge opportunity now that the Robb/Cat stuff is gone, which will help allow the episodes to seem less slow paced.
2743	go joff go	2013-06-05	^  I don't know if the too many plots things is going to be as big a deal next year.  I feel like next year will be on of the easiest to film since season one since more of the characters are static.  Jon stays at the wall (merge of Sam and Jon), Dany stays in Mereen, Half the cast stay at KL (merge of Jaimie and KL plots). And the  Kingsmoot (new plot).  Only mobile plots shouls be arya (basically continuation of Brotherhood plot), stannis  (single plot as opposed to the three plots of stannis /Mel/davos that we got this year), Bran (possible split of Bran and Rickon plots), and Theon (possible merge with Bran or rickon plot).  Robb plot is gone. I feel like that will be much easier to manage.
2744	boojam	2013-06-05	I may be mis-remembering but did GRRM not say that he has liked Osha so much in the show that he plans to write more for her in the books.George said it more than once. He was blown away by Natalia Tena , who , even in real life seems more of a Wilding than the Wildlings! He wants to keep her as a character.I have a feeling this is one of the things Dave, Dan and Bryan discussed with GRRM in Santa Fe.George , says, or it is said...., that is 'somewhat' along on novel six, whatever the hell that means.So , my guess is that we will indeed see Natalia next season and finally get the story as to why they went to Skagos, which so far George has not explained in the story.It may be that they ran into the dangers of all the mayhem south of them, and didn't she say she came around the wall by sea at Eastwatch? She then would have known about Skagos.I can't see this being an adventure that will be dwelled upon , but GRRM left it off page for so long now maybe Rickon's story needs telling.
2745	silentwanderer	2013-06-05	I think we might see more of rickon and osha than we expected .I dont think they will reach umbers though.They will have some adventures and i am pretty sure it will be on screen.I agree, they will probably skip ahead or create a whole new adventure just for them.
2746	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-06	To be honest I really hope the show doesn't care about that: they'll be entering major book-spoiler territory in Season 5 for sure, and quite probably in Season 4. If it best serves the purposes of the TV show, then show it. If the TV show wants to keep it a secret, then great, but I can easily see them adding a storyline. A Rickon chase does make sense as something for Ramsey &amp; Reek to do, but I'm also wondering how much they can speed up events in the north - and for that matter, almost everywhere else.I agree, they can show the journey and being hunted down without revealing anything. They already said where they were headed so its no spoiler, plus if they want to send them elsewhere (skagos) viewers haven't heard about it and they need to show why the northerners don't know where rickon is and why he didnt make it to last hearth was because he was being hunted by roose Bolton's crazy son. If the northerner have rickon save then stannis won't be offering Jon winterfell (since there is no will) they need to include that for jons arc and too much else depends on ppl thinking thinking sansa is the heir. Ramsay is a very good hunter, at least in the books - where he's releasing his prisoners or letting them escape and then hunting them down. Don't you think if he would start hunting Osha and Rickon he would capture them?Also The Dreadfort is quite far away from Osha's nad Rickon position and he would have to be far away from his home to hunt them down + how would he know where they even are, nobody knows where they are?I think ramsay could be overestimating his hunting abilities, he caught theon cause he told him where to go in the show and even in the books it's not hard to find fresh tracks of barefoot, naked prisoners especially when the dogs have their cent.
2747	King Tam Stark	2013-06-06	its a nice thought but both the book and tv show are supposed to be stopping it getting any bigger and cutting material and plots, making up a whole new chapter of osha and rickons adventures would require allowing it to grow some more and take up valuable budget and screen time
2748	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-06	its a nice thought but both the book and tv show are supposed to be stopping it getting any bigger and cutting material and plots, making up a whole new chapter of osha and rickons adventures would require allowing it to grow some more and take up valuable budget and screen timeI think if they are going to have rickon be at Last Hearth from the get go then it's not nessessary to show their journey. But if they never make it to LH they need to show why, beside both George and D&D like Natalie and she's more interesting than Ros (which they put more cause they liked her) and Ramsay and theon aren't even suppose to be in this season or next. Plus apart from the PW, most of the characters are in one spot, it would be nice to have a Lil side journey, IMO anyways.
2749	King Tam Stark	2013-06-06	I think if they are going to have rickon be at Last Hearth from the get go then it's not nessessary to show their journey. But if they never make it to LH they need to show why, beside both George and D&D like Natalie and she's more interesting than Ros (which they put more cause they liked her) and Ramsay and theon aren't even suppose to be in this season or next. Plus apart from the PW, most of the characters are in one spot, it would be nice to have a Lil side journey, IMO anyways.dont get me wrong i would like to see it but it goes against the scaling down process so unless its completely neccesary i can't see it happening, maybe not in this series anyway, when they do catch up with them they can explain why they ended up in skagos through a conversation between them and davos
2750	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-06	Iwan, Tena and Parkison are all on cast.  They can easily shoot chase/hunt scenes and a departure for Skagos in a week or two, and sprinkle it on over the course of the season.  Hell, if they did it correctly, they'd only need a few extras and maybe one speaking extra for a day or so (to represent Last Hearth).
It is definitely possible without consuming large amounts of budgets.  They need something to do in Season 4.
2751	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-06	dont get me wrong i would like to see it but it goes against the scaling down process so unless its completely neccesary i can't see it happening, maybe not in this series anyway, when they do catch up with them they can explain why they ended up in skagos through a conversation between them and davosI get what you're saying, its not necessary especially if it cuts into the story and takes away precious time like Ross's pointless appearances  ill be the first to complain. It would be nice to show them couple of times here and there thru the next couple of seasons.
2752	The Knight of Flours	2013-06-06	It is definitely possible without consuming large amounts of budgets.  They need something to do in Season 4.Even though I wouldn't mind following Rickon & Osha through the North to Skaagos, one thing that is likely to impact on their storyline is Shaggydog....  We haven't seen many direwolves in the recent past and surely every one of their new scenes couldn't include the lines:Osha:  "Where's that direwolf of yours?"Rickon: "He's off hunting on his own"Osha:  "Again?"Rickon:  "Again..."
2753	King Cheops	2013-06-06	What about the possibility of Osha and Rickon's journey being a piece of exposition on a) Northern resentment of the Boltons/Freys, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the effects of the Ironborn invasions, and c) an introduction to the hill clans?  This keeps these two with interesting scenes and helps set things up for the Winterfell Wedding and Stannis's attacks.
Although this means they are fulfilling the same part that Ros played and since everyone here hated her they'll likely hate this story line idea too.  (Ros was meant to expose bits about other character's motivations and fill in plot blanks)
2754	lizziebeth	2013-06-06	What about the possibility of Osha and Rickon's journey being a piece of exposition on a) Northern resentment of the Boltons/Freys, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the effects of the Ironborn invasions, and c) an introduction to the hill clans?  This keeps these two with interesting scenes and helps set things up for the Winterfell Wedding and Stannis's attacks.Although this means they are fulfilling the same part that Ros played and since everyone here hated her they'll likely hate this story line idea too.  (Ros was meant to expose bits about other character's motivations and fill in plot blanks)I am completely on board with using Rickon and Osha to get that exposition done. It just makes sense and as someone else mentioned earlier in the thread, we'll have less storylines to follow now so it shouldn't hurt anyone else's story to add this in.  Plus even short intros to Northern characters we've been missing would be a nice nod to the readers. As for people hating it because they hated Ros, who was used in a similar fashion, I don't think that people will be as hateful about this.  I didn't hate Ros for the exposition she provided. I hated her because she was Ros the Wonder Whore who was apparently one of the only whores around and thus was part of EVERYTHING. I was rewatching season one yesterday and the story about Jon refusing to sleep with a whore... did it REALLY need to be Ros?  That was the kind of thing that made us hate her.   Rickon however is one of the few remaining Starks and after the RW especially, the Stark fans need someone to rally behind.  Bran's heading off to beyond the wall, Arya's going to be sailing for Braavos soon (hopefully by the end of season 4), little Rickon will be all we have left. And as for the Ramsay hunting bit,  I really want that to happen.  A bit of action and suspense will be good.   I actually really hope that Ramsay manages to capture them for a short time and Theon helps them escape.  I feel like that would be a pretty powerful moment for Theon's character too as well as a little bit of redemption for him.
2755	aedalia	2013-06-06	I think they've set up a number of ways for Osha and Rickon to be included next year, chiefly, as many have pointed out, through Ramsay. He could easily follow Shaggy's paw prints.
I would like it if they told a Rickon story. I can't imagine that NOTHING happened on the way to Skagos. Especially since they're going to the Umber's now.
TV Osha is tough as nails and I would enjoy seeing her do her thing in S4 and beyond!
2756	LilJonUmber	2013-06-06	I'm interested to see how Wex factors into their journey ... assuming, of course, he's not a casualty of D&D's streamlining.
2757	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-06-07	Even though I wouldn't mind following Rickon &amp; Osha through the North to Skaagos, one thing that is likely to impact on their storyline is Shaggydog....  We haven't seen many direwolves in the recent past and surely every one of their new scenes couldn't include the lines:Osha:  "Where's that direwolf of yours?"Rickon: "He's off hunting on his own"Osha:  "Again?"Rickon:  "Again..."Well they have some extra cash now that a few dozen ppl were killed off, plus Ross's pay alone should cover a season or two.
2758	Daske	2013-06-08	I think the Ramsey hunt is bound to happen, he pretty much told us so.
I really hope they don't disappear for two years. Personally I would welcome minor spoilers that may have to creep in as a result.
2759	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-08	I think they've set up a number of ways for Osha and Rickon to be included next year, chiefly, as many have pointed out, through Ramsay. He could easily follow Shaggy's paw prints.I would like it if they told a Rickon story. I can't imagine that NOTHING happened on the way to Skagos. Especially since they're going to the Umber's now.TV Osha is tough as nails and I would enjoy seeing her do her thing in S4 and beyond!That's the main reason I think they will include Osha n Rickon (at least I hope so) the change of destination and have Ramsay hunt them down like he said after they introduce him properly next episode. Maybe even roose will tell him to find and kill those boys cause he didnt betray and kill Robb only for bran n rickon to turn up and threaten his new position. Since they are too far apart I don't think he'll find them by shaggy's paw print, tracks don't last forever, hes never seen a direwolf  and im sure there are other wolves in the north. They could show the norths loyalty to house stark by ppl aiding them on the way only to have Ramsay follow and torture, kill and maim to get their whereabouts. Two birds one stone, we see Rickon's journey and how sick Ramsay is.
2760	ugashep	2013-06-08	Has anyone predicted that Osha will be captured and be the fake Arya yet? If not I figure it would only be a matter of time anyway so there you go.
2761	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-08	Interesting /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' />
But she's a wildling somehow I doubt she'll lay down and alow Ramsay to torture her like Jayne.
2762	The Pain Yak	2013-06-08	Has anyone predicted that Osha will be captured and be the fake Arya yet? If not I figure it would only be a matter of time anyway so there you go.If the actress playing Old Nan hadn't died from old age in the first season, I predict we would have found people claiming she would be the fake Arya in coming seasons.
2763	Angmar	2013-06-09	That'd be even dumber than the fake Arya being Ros.
Anyway, I'm excited for this new storyline. Could be something very fun and interesting.
2764	Sarah Lannistark	2013-07-31	They r gone to Skaagos (isle of cannibals and unicorns) and Davos is sent to find them. When he gets there, I think Rickon will be gone feral (eating people maybe?)  like shaggy, with Osha trying to control him.
 /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
2765	Sarah Lannistark	2013-07-31	The fake Arya is Jeyne Poole.
2766	Lannister Hamster	2013-07-31	They could meet the Liddle who tells him not to go to the last Hearth!
2767	StandOzone	2014-02-24	Any new theories with current updates? 

Did Natalia Tena or Art Parkinson return to the show for season 4?
2768	Guardian of the Neck	2014-03-23	it looks like at least rickon is in season4, http://gameofthrones...ki/Rickon_Stark
he ist listet under season 4 charakters.
but osha isn't
2769	lightbringer333	2013-12-15	hound punch hogfarmer to the ground and then he says to Arya " u r very kind and someday it will get you killed. ".

my question does that foreshadows the nature of Aryas end and how she will get killed due to her own mistake of kindness??

what do u think how she gonna end ??


2770	Le Cygne	2013-12-16	You could be right! I would hope there wasn't obvious foreshadowing like that going on in the show.Something a little more subtle would be if that's a reference the Kindly Man, it wouldn't be quite so direct. So there's irony, the kind ones are the killers. This is after she mentions Jaqen.
2771	Old Rusty Coin	2013-12-19	Unlikely. Sandor thinks she's soft like her sister, but Arya is all about doing only what needs to be done. She clobbers the farmer across the noggin with no scruples whatsoever. Sandor is flummoxed. Soon after, she ruthlessly slaughters the wolf's head Frey guy.

Sandor Clegane: "Where'd you get the knife?"
Arya Stark: <<Holds knife straight up for Sandor to take it...by the blade...if he dares.>>

Jaquen H'gar: "A girl has no honor."
Arya Stark: <<Shrug.>>

					
					
							Edited by Old Rusty Coin, 19 December 2013 - 10:12 AM.
2772	LordStoneheart	2013-06-03	So the Red Wedding finally happened...I enjoyed how they adapted it, give or take a few small details which I won't really discuss. (Maybe on my blog later...) One thing that most devoted fans should notice was the lack of the boom doom boom drums, but my heart was pounding hard enough anyway, so I didn't mind. (Also, for those who may say Talisa's presence out-shined the Robb-Cat dynamic, I don't think so. One of the last things Cat says to him in the books was about walking out for Jeyne, so I guess this just amplifies that.)On here there was a lot of Talisa-related discussion. Many book readers had a negative reaction to her whole story line. I'm not going to defend it, but perhaps this is the chance for D&D to have a golden opportunity. In Talisa's previous appearance, she was writing a letter to her mother in Volantis. Let's discount the spy theory. I think her death should be obvious enough for that. So, Talisa and Robb were legit in love, and the part of me that likes the Talisa story line has to believe that her letter was sent out. Talisa is a Maegyr. Named by GRRM himself.Not confirmed is if she is indeed a relation of Malaquo Maegyr. Let's say she is.The Frey's have just slaughtered the pregnant daughter of a Volantene noble. I feel like when the news arises, it will make them pretty mad. Could this be used as a plot point? I know that in the books so far, Volantis has little to do with the story as a whole, and has declared war on Daenerys by aDwD's end. Things for the show can change. The North Remembers, for theirs is the Old Way, the blood of the first way. Volantis is the blood of Old Valyria, self-described heir of the Valyrian Freehold, and as Viserys II said, the Dragon remembers.Will Volantis remember Queen Talisa Maegyr-Stark?
2773	Titus Pullo	2013-06-03	I thought her death (while preggers) was way over the top and unnecessary, and a book deviation that also creates a bit of a plot hole.
Jeyne Westerling still carries Robb's baby at RIverrun, yes? Or was it Seaguard?
2774	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	I thought her death (while preggers) was way over the top and unnecessary, and a book deviation that also creates a bit of a plot hole.Jeyne Westerling still carries Robb's baby at RIverrun, yes?"Over the top and unnecessary". The whole fucking thing is over the top and unnecessary. If it had been in the books you'd not give it a second thought. It was brutal, but fine in the context of things.No, she doesn't. That theory is (almost definitely) false.
2775	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I thought her death (while preggers) was way over the top and unnecessary, and a book deviation that also creates a bit of a plot hole.Jeyne Westerling still carries Robb's baby at RIverrun, yes? Or was it Seaguard?None of that is proven. Someone posted a link to someone close to GRRM saying even he admits that he makes mistakes, and that even he said the Jeyne description change, was error, not because she was pregnant/swapped with another girl.Jeyne was never pregnant in the books. Her mom made sure.
2776	Titus Pullo	2013-06-03	got it, sorry.... misremberized how the Jeyne preggers storyline played out... 
but I still see it as rather unreasonable that Robb would risk/bring "Talissa/Jeyne" to such an event.  ...  Book Robb obviously thought better of it for some reason. ...
2777	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	got it, sorry.... misremberized how the Jeyne preggers storyline played out...but I still see it as rather unreasonable that Robb would risk/bring "Talissa/Jeyne" to such an event.  ...  Book Robb obviously thought better of it for some reason. ...Totally agree. Even my wife asked why he would do that. Bringing his heir and wife, to the guy he just betrayed...not smart.
2778	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	but I still see it as rather unreasonable that Robb would risk/bring "Talissa/Jeyne" to such an event.  ...  Book Robb obviously thought better of it for some reason. ...Well, I doubt Robb would go himself if he thought there was risk involved. IIRC, Jeyne stayed in the books because they didn't want to further insult the Freys. I see it as the show just wanting to tie up loose ends. After all, having a major character just disappearing and not doing anything for the rest of the series would be pointless.
2779	The Red Pope	2013-06-03	Maybe the Volantis will send along some troops to support the Golden Company against the Lannisters when they make for Westeros.
2780	Ber	2013-06-03	I find it hard to belive you wouldn't be a little annoyed about your daughter being horrifically murdered. Could be an intresting plot line if they invest in it though I doubt it will come to much just due to the limits of screen time.
2781	TheEvilKing	2013-06-03	I seriously doubt Volantis will suddenly declare war with the Lannisters or something. They probably won't even hear about it, or they'll hear that Robb turned into a wolf and ate her or some shit. Although I would enjoy such a massive deviation from the books, if some Volantene noble turned up in Westeros asking questions.
2782	Logodnica	2013-06-03	I thought her death (while preggers) was way over the top and unnecessary, and a book deviation that also creates a bit of a plot hole.Jeyne Westerling still carries Robb's baby at RIverrun, yes? Or was it Seaguard?I think it's pretty conclusive right now that Jeyne is NOT pregnant.
2783	Sigg	2013-06-03	I think it's pretty conclusive right now that Jeyne is NOT pregnant.That's my conclusion too. I've liked the theories about Jeyne, like the one that Jaimie was presented with an other sister, or that the Blackfish may try to father "Robb's" child etc. With Talisa dead we may as well to wipe out Jeyne from the future books, as she will be not playing any significant role. Which saddens me really, as I've liked the book approach to the whole Westerling family, the "witch" mother etc. Too bad that in the TV series they hadn't introduced her, with her anti-pregnancy potions and so on. Talisa was a pretty much wasted character there, but that's an another story. Some changes in the TV series are good, many are bad, but that's reality for you...
2784	Gannicus	2013-06-03	TWOW spoilers
* Sorry I don't know how to use spoiler tags.
My prediction is that Volantis is where Massey will find Stannis' swords. It will make sense and add a personal touch to the whole thing.
2785	JMJ	2013-06-03	Although it would be interesting to have Volantis involved in the elimination of the Freys, I doubt it. My thought after ADWD was that the Volantis nobility will be either killed or turned out after they get involved in Dany's war. I think Volantis is a powder keg ready to blow - maybe GRRM is throwing a red herring, but the repeated descriptions of how much the slaves outnumber their masters was striking.
2786	juanml82	2013-06-03	Maybe Talisa's family will be the one providing the 50 ships Manderly built in White Harbor. But that will downplay the Manderlys and hurt the Volantene war effort against Danny.
I don't think it will have repercussions, asides from viewers eventually linking that new city of Volantis to the place where Talisa was once born.
2787	jarl the climber	2013-06-03	I think its possible that depending on who Talissa really was that it could have some reprecussions on the Lannisters. House Maegyr might cease trading with the Lannisters and might be disposed to give aid to Dany if it ever looks like she is actually going to invade Westeros. If there are powerful people in Volantis upset by her death the most likely short term consequence could be economic. The show has inferred that there is substatial trade between the Lannisters and the Volentene. Then again maybe her parents saw her as a disgrace, she ran off and dishonored the family. Its not clear if her family connection is really that important yet.
2788	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-03	I think people are forgetting how the Nobles of Volantis fear Dany and her smashing of the slave trade.  I'd be very surprised for them to support Dany just because of Talisa's death.
Remember, the Triarch she shares a surname with in the show is a Tiger, and is the Triarch that is not bought by Illyrio promoting war against Dany.
2789	Maester Murks	2013-06-03	Maybe the showrunners will keep "Volantis taking up arms against Freys/Lannisters" as a backup story if they decide to come up with an own ending  to the show, independent from the books. I think I'd actually like to see that
2790	Weeping Sore	2013-06-03	I think people are forgetting how the Nobles of Volantis fear Dany and her smashing of the slave trade.  I'd be very surprised for them to support Dany just because of Talisa's death.Remember, the Triarch she shares a surname with in the show is a Tiger, and is the Triarch that is not bought by Illyrio promoting war against Dany.Triarch Maegyr might have double incentive to drive Dany on to Westeros- to stop her disrupting the slave trade and to exact vengeance against the Westerosi houses that conspired to kill Talissa Maegyr-Stark.If, for example, Dany's Meereen plot were transposed to Volantis she might marry one Triarch (a Hizadhr stand-in) and have Triarch Maegyr as a temporary ally. I like Volantis as Dany's quagmire over Meereen because: 1 it's the largest slave city 2 deal with Rhoynar simultaneously with Dorne 3 less travelogue for Tyrion et al 4 Dany could march down the Demon Road past Valyria for some Doom exposition. 5 We'd get to see the Lord Of Light's connection to dragons, if any. 6 Closer to Westeros for sense of progress, but still adjacent to Dothraki sea for Daznak's pit scene 7 Complex antagonisms might make insurgency against Dany more interesting
2791	Nami	2013-06-03	I hope not
I want Talisa's existence to just be erased. All of it.
I can't stand her character and story line
2792	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-03	Talisa provided a lot of world building for the show, but it does feel like there's to be more of a payoff for the change from Jeyne of the Westerlands to Talisa of Volantis.  The letters have a Chekov feel to them.  Plus her noble family, her brother that almost drowned, etc.  Total crackpot, but I wonder if there will turn out to be a connection with the Maegyrs and Young Griff.
2793	Gigei	2013-06-03	I hope notI want Talisa's existence to just be erased. All of it.I can't stand her character and story lineSame. Also, her being brought to the wedding made absolutely no sense since it was insulting to the Freys.
2794	Montey14	2013-06-03	Same. Also, her being brought to the wedding made absolutely no sense since it was insulting to the Freys.I think they were starting to feel the heat about her and what better way to get rid of her than to have her butchered in such a savage and shocking way
2795	Montey14	2013-06-03	But I'm not entirely sure Talisa wasn't planted there by Tywin.  When she first met Robb,  she was a virulent anti-war type person and perhaps Tywin convinced her that seducing him would break his alliances and put an end to the war.....In the end she was the same honey pot roll that Jeyne played....just a hunch on my part.....but someone like Talisa doesn't meet Robb on the battle field by accident
2796	zaphodbrx	2013-06-03	I'm very disappointed Talisa is not a spy. They had been giving hints all through the last two seasons. Now we are left with this wildly unrealistic character that makes no sense at all. What do we make of Oona's shooting bow and arrow comment?
2797	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-03	I'm very disappointed Talisa is not a spy. They had been giving hints all through the last two seasons. Now we are left with this wildly unrealistic character that makes no sense at all. What do we make of Oona's shooting bow and arrow comment?You honestly expected there would be a point to her story? She was horrible right from the get go. Good riddance she is gone. But.. the death was pretty brutal.Maybe she was just learning to hold a bow? If I was on a show like that I'd definitely want to practice holding/shooting a bow lol.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 03 June 2013 - 11:08 PM.
2798	LordStoneheart	2013-06-03	I said I wouldn't defend Talisa's story line... so meh. No defense, Talisa-haters outnumber the Talisa-don't-minders. And the Talisa-lovers, aka, grumpkins and snarks, can defend her. But I do think its a good idea and opportunity for the showrunners to make something of her death. Jeyne's family seems insignificant to the story line, but Talisa is so mysterious with her past that an angry Volantis could be easily worked in the story. not sure how I like Volantis replacing Mereen. Just seems like too big of a plot point in Dany's story to pass up. But Volantis is close to Valyria, and just as the above said, would be a good expository moment for the Doom. Another small criticism, where is the talk of Valyria? I really love Emilia's acting, and I loved when she said "hen Valyrio U&#275;po &#257;nog&#257;r iksan"(of the blood of Old Valyria) but its kind of strange. non-book readers probably have no idea what she meant by that.
2799	Catherine Storm	2013-06-03	I'm not sad Talisa is gone but I'm sorry I thought she was a spy!
 /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
2800	Khal Porno	2013-06-04	I'm very disappointed Talisa is not a spy. They had been giving hints all through the last two seasons. Now we are left with this wildly unrealistic character that makes no sense at all. What do we make of Oona's shooting bow and arrow comment?That she was probably doing it for fun on her own time, like normal people do haha.
2801	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-04	Maybe the showrunners will keep "Volantis taking up arms against Freys/Lannisters" as a backup story if they decide to come up with an own ending  to the show, independent from the books. I think I'd actually like to see thatYes, they maybe have some of their own storylines planned in case they overtake GRRM.
2802	TheDarkOne	2013-06-04	Just because she was killed doesn't mean she wasn't a spy that was double crossed. Episode 10 could easily show Tywin reveal this.
It's comical that the architect of the Red Wedding is thought to be to honorable to kill her, lolz.
2803	Nami	2013-06-04	People want to give meaning to Talisa's shitty unbelievable story lineNope, not happeningYes her story was that stupid and she's dead now (awful, even tho I hated her, I felt bad about the whole thing) let her RIP (good riddance)She got in the way of Robb and Cat's tragic ending/mother and son bonding
2804	Angmar	2013-06-04	I thought her death was brutal and very sad. Even if I've been indifferent towards her the whole time...
But I'm glad she wasn't a spy: I would've hated that storyline if she had worked in the RW and all...
But even if she had this ending then why replace Jeyne Westerling in the first place? Unless they're bringing Volantis into the North storyline.
2805	LordStoneheart	2013-06-04	People want to give meaning to Talisa's shitty unbelievable story lineNope, not happeningYes her story was that stupid and she's dead now (awful, even tho I hated her, I felt bad about the whole thing) let her RIP (good riddance)She got in the way of Robb and Cat's tragic ending/mother and son bondingI don't think it got in the way at the end. Robb looked to her and his last words were mother. The look of devastation on Cat's face was just so agonizing... At that part Talisa is already a thing of the past and all focus is on Cat and her desperate bargaining for her sons life.
2806	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-04	Those letters have to mean something, though. Was she just writing to her mother post coitus? So odd.
2807	LordStoneheart	2013-06-04	Those letters have to mean something, though. Was she just writing to her mother post coitus? So odd.Of course, don't you?
2808	Homer Lannister	2013-06-04	I just wish they kept Jeyne Westerlings behavior and characteristics when they changed her to Talisa. JW was a thousand times more likable than Talisa and in comparison had a hilariously short amount of (screen/page?) time to do so. JW was quiet and meek and overall just a sweet young girl. Talisa on the other hand was a bad ass independent healer woman from back-end of nowhere that talked back to the king. From day one Talisa was just getting in the way of everything and always seemed out of place like chocolate in pizza, especially sitting on Robbs fucking war counsels. I mean seriously, who the fuck is this chick from volantis that is privy to the King's war counsels? and gives more advice than catlyn or anyone else? especially the infuriatingly absent Northern Bannermen? 
Anyway, D&D's bungling of the Robb-Talisa arc cut half of the emotion out of the RW for me. I didn't mind them killing JW/Talisa off as she seems to have run into a dead end in the books and it would indeed have been surprising for us bookies, but they could at least have made me give a shit about her before she was (ridiculously) prison shanked.
Another thing that slightly messed up the intrigue of the RW was the lack of Freys in season 2 and this season (up until episode 5 or 6). They could at least have shown the Frey army departing in anger after the Robb-Talisa wedding. And to any idiots that would say that "it would have been too much foreshadowing!!", the betrayal of the Karstarks would easily cover it up & the unsullied would think that despite winning all his battles, Robb was coming to terms with the difficulty of being a King and was essentially failing at the game of thrones.
2809	Propheticverses	2013-06-04	Sometimes .. it just feels that people are anti-Talisa for the simple reason that  she replaced Jeyne in the books & that it brought a conclusion to a lot of Theories   & stuff ... I would have been truly upset if there was a replacement of the character  'HAD THE SHOW BEEN NOT CONNECTED with GRRM .. But since GRRM who obviously has a hand over the mythos of this Saga considers Talisa as appropriate .. I am fine with it .
This episode ( of all other episodes ) .. was the most important one for G.R.R.M.  & for the show creators as well ... I mean they literally  brought the rights of the show to  execute these  10 minutes .... It obviously was with the approval of GRRM .
For people who consider her story line ridiculous ... I doubt it was more ridiculous than  Robb falling in love with a low Lannister house ... and his in-laws plotting with Lannister to kill their son-in-law who is a king & their unborn grandson/daughter who might be the next big shot ... They would be doing everything detrimental to them .!!
I think  GRRM had a big say in casting Talisa as Jeyne & building another practical plot line to avoid a few 'mistakes' that might have cropped up with the original story-telling . The amount of ridiculous theory that the Red Wedding caused in the books  involved  Robb warging  just because he  used 'Greywind' as his last word ... & that he may be alive as Reynald's body was not found ... Then the pregnancy  & hip theories ....  
The way I see it ....  He is lucky he's got  a chance to  redo the history of his character !!!!!!
Anyways .. People would always find a reason to criticize.
2810	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	Never believed that Talisa was a spy (never really crossed my mind) so I am glad that she did not turn out to be one. Robb was betrayed by Freys, Karstarks, Boltons, Theon and to a degree his own mother. No need for him to be betrayed by his wife as well.
I do not like the character Talisa though I do not share the universal hatred of her. Swapping the bland Jeyne Westerling for a beautiful foreigner that Robb will fall in love with was a smart move IMO.  It makes perfect sense that they wanted a proper love story and they did not want to get into the whole<U+0080><U+009D> lesser house/Tywin<U+0080><U+0099>s bannermen/plotting mother in-law<U+0080><U+009D> thing. Needles to say, watching Talisa/Robb interactions in season 2 was painful. The lines were cheesy, out of place and so <U+0080><U+009C>not GoT<U+0080><U+009D> with the beyond obvious telegraphing that <U+0080><U+009C>these two will hook-up soon<U+0080><U+009D>.
Nevertheless, I think it boils down to the actress. If Oona was great and gave the character some depth I would have liked Talisa much more. Instead she has the exact same expression whether she is sawing off someone`s leg, flirting with the king or giving war advice. Not a single scene with her (well except for the last one I suppose) is particularly memorable.
It has become fashionable on this site to blame writers for any bad acting but I cannot agree. Good/bad writing and directing will surely affect the performance but it is up to the actor/actress to embody and flesh out their character. Characters like Viserys, Joffrey or Tywin are considerably more interesting on the show compared their book counterparts not because the writers are giving them all the badass lines but solely because of the actors portraying them and giving them so much additional depth.
2811	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	I'm not really a Talisa fan, but Jeyne was not such a great character either. Wouldn't the audience have thought Robb's marrying a Lannister bannerman's daughter was a little fishy too?
2812	Ahri Adaran	2013-06-04	Sometimes .. it just feels that people are anti-Talisa for the simple reason that  she replaced Jeyne in the books & that it brought a conclusion to a lot of Theories   & stuff ... I would have been truly upset if there was a replacement of the character  'HAD THE SHOW BEEN NOT CONNECTED with GRRM .. But since GRRM who obviously has a hand over the mythos of this Saga considers Talisa as appropriate .. I am fine with it .This episode ( of all other episodes ) .. was the most important one for G.R.R.M.  & for the show creators as well ... I mean they literally  brought the rights of the show to  execute these  10 minutes .... It obviously was with the approval of GRRM .For people who consider her story line ridiculous ... I doubt it was more ridiculous than  Robb falling in love with a low Lannister house ... and his in-laws plotting with Lannister to kill their son-in-law who is a king & their unborn grandson/daughter who might be the next big shot ... They would be doing everything detrimental to them .!!I think  GRRM had a big say in casting Talisa as Jeyne & building another practical plot line to avoid a few 'mistakes' that might have cropped up with the original story-telling . The amount of ridiculous theory that the Red Wedding caused in the books  involved  Robb warging  just because he  used 'Greywind' as his last word ... & that he may be alive as Reynald's body was not found ... Then the pregnancy  & hip theories ....  The way I see it ....  He is lucky he's got  a chance to  redo the history of his character !!!!!!Anyways .. People would always find a reason to criticize.For me Talisa is in the same boat as show-Shae. I can see why they wanted to re-write the characters and I don't care about the book character (does anyone really care about book Shae or Jeyne Westerling?). It's just that they gave show-Shae and Talisa so many scenes that eat up time while cutting a lot of book stuff that I'd like to see out. Also in the books males have more lines of dialogue than the females so the show tries to even it out a bit, which I think is a worthy goal but often the implementation is bad as it is with Talisa. She just seems too much of a modern person set into Westeros, every other line that comes out of her mouth is just completely jarring right now to her commenting on the bedding right at the end, which really makes her seem like a bad fan fiction author-insert character.The other point is that she changes Robb motivation for betraying his oath to the Freys. In the books it wasn't so much love that made him do it as that he felt honor-bound to not father a bastard which ties him back into Nedd well. Every time I read an Unsullied complain about how Robb wasn't as honorable as his dad that twinges a bit. A bit like how they built up Ygritte in Season 2 at Jon's expense (which Ygritte didn't need since she has a great actress who can carry the role without the writing having to puff her up), the expansion of the Jeyne into Talisa lessens Robb and doesn't give us much to compensate for that besides a lot of time that could be better spent elsewhere.On the other hand their tendency to expand minor female characters works well with Margaery and the QoT. I think that the writers just do their best when coloring in within the lines that Martin has given them, when they make up stuff whole cloth they often stumble.
					
					
							Edited by Ahri Adaran, 04 June 2013 - 07:14 AM.
2813	Dotini	2013-06-04	Sometimes .. it just feels that people are anti-Talisa for the simple reason that  she replaced Jeyne in the books & that it brought a conclusion to a lot of Theories   & stuff ... I would have been truly upset if there was a replacement of the character  'HAD THE SHOW BEEN NOT CONNECTED with GRRM .. But since GRRM who obviously has a hand over the mythos of this Saga considers Talisa as appropriate .. I am fine with it .This episode ( of all other episodes ) .. was the most important one for G.R.R.M.  & for the show creators as well ... I mean they literally  brought the rights of the show to  execute these  10 minutes .... It obviously was with the approval of GRRM .For people who consider her story line ridiculous ... I doubt it was more ridiculous than  Robb falling in love with a low Lannister house ... and his in-laws plotting with Lannister to kill their son-in-law who is a king & their unborn grandson/daughter who might be the next big shot ... They would be doing everything detrimental to them .!!I think  GRRM had a big say in casting Talisa as Jeyne & building another practical plot line to avoid a few 'mistakes' that might have cropped up with the original story-telling . The amount of ridiculous theory that the Red Wedding caused in the books  involved  Robb warging  just because he  used 'Greywind' as his last word ... & that he may be alive as Reynald's body was not found ... Then the pregnancy  & hip theories ....  The way I see it ....  He is lucky he's got  a chance to  redo the history of his character !!!!!!Anyways .. People would always find a reason to criticize.I agree with this line of thinking.  In the HBO production GRRM has the opportunity to indulge in variations and riffs on his printed theme. Some are required, but others may be embellishments or embedding clues to what remains yet untold in the novels.Respectfully,Steve
2814	Darth Pipes	2013-06-04	Volantis remembers.  Sorry, I just had to post that.
I don't think we'll hear anything more about that, unless of course Tyrion runs into Talisa's family members when he's across the Narrow Sea.
2815	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Repost -- my first one must have gotten lost somewhere between Westeros and Volantis.
I had thought about the letter Talisa wrote, too, wondering if it ever got sent off.  I thought it a bit strange that in the RW scene, she was the first we saw attacked, with someone jumping forward and stabbing her over and over and over in the stomach, not in the chest or throat as one might expect.  I don't think that the show will spend any more time on the Talisa story line, but I wonder if her letter to her mother mentioned that she was pregnant and if the Freys intercepted it and that's why someone went for her stomach so viciously and first thing.
2816	SarasvatiRiver	2013-06-04	The thing that shocked and surprised me the most about her death was the way that they stabbed her so deliberately in the belly. I figured that they would kill Talisa as soon as she came along for the RW, and it was clinched when she revealed that she was pregnant. Her death was so brutal, though.
And I can't help but wonder if the show is very obviously trying to steer away from any mention of contraception/abortifacents in Westeros. I count at least three major references to "moon tea" now that have been eliminated by the show.
1) Cersei told Eddard that when Robert got her pregnant, she "took care of it" with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Cersei tells Catelyn that she actually had a child of Robert's (since he had black hair) and he died of fever. At first I thought the show was going worse by making her murder her son after the birth, but later when she talked about it with Robert, she made it sound like she was genuinely sad the infant had died and that was what soured their marriage (instead of her hating him from the start because he killed Rhaegar).
2) On his death bed, Hoster Tully mistakes Catelyn for Lysa and apologizes for killing her baby/making her marry Jon Arryn. Later, Lysa also mentions to Littlefinger that they murdered his child with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Hoster never had a chance to speak with Cat before he died, so there was no way for her to figure out about the relationship between Lysa and Petyr.
3) Jeyne Westerling's mother made sure that Jeyne could not be carrying Robb's heir. Again moon tea is mentioned. Instead, in the show we have a confirmed pregnant woman stabbed repeatedly in the belly.
Cutting out previous references was a minor thing for me before because the way they skirted around the issue wasn't a big deal. But with Talisa I'm mad. Is it really better (less controversial) to have a pregnant woman killed so violently on screen than to have a casual conversation reference to abortion/contraception/Plan B or whatever moon tea is supposed to be? Because that's ridiculous.
2817	Lady Phedre	2013-06-04	I was absolutely horrified by how the Talisa storyline got resolved. Not just because the violence was so gruesome, over-the-top, and unnecessary. But because now it really just seems cheap and arbitrary that they changed the character so much.
2818	TheDarkOne	2013-06-04	Out of all the parts of the Red Wedding that I thought they botched, I thought her death was perfect. 
The way the attacker walks up like nothing is happening and stabs her right in the Ned was awesome.
2819	jarl the climber	2013-06-04	But I'm not entirely sure Talisa wasn't planted there by Tywin.  When she first met Robb,  she was a virulent anti-war type person and perhaps Tywin convinced her that seducing him would break his alliances and put an end to the war.....In the end she was the same honey pot roll that Jeyne played....just a hunch on my part.....but someone like Talisa doesn't meet Robb on the battle field by accidentI'm not sure if she was a spy or not, It'll be interesting to see Tywins reaction to her murder. The Freys, Boltons and Tywin would have reasons for knocking her and her child off. On the other hand the child could have been married off to one of the kids that Bolton could have with Fat Walda and cement the claim. Of course Tywin wants Tyrions children through Sansa to get the North. It would have made more sense to keep her alive, Robbs kid would have a better claim than Sansa or any of the other kids. I suppose Tywin will let us know if her family had any political importance. In the books he wanted Cat to be kept alive, all this business with killing wives and children is not good for the families image at a certian point.I see Jeyne in the books and this Talissa character as both being somewhat egnimatic. You have to sort of wonder if there is more there than meets the eye but perhaps there is not.
2820	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	And I can't help but wonder if the show is very obviously trying to steer away from any mention of contraception/abortifacents in Westeros. I count at least three major references to "moon tea" now that have been eliminated by the show.1) Cersei told Eddard that when Robert got her pregnant, she "took care of it" with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Cersei tells Catelyn that she actually had a child of Robert's (since he had black hair) and he died of fever. At first I thought the show was going worse by making her murder her son after the birth, but later when she talked about it with Robert, she made it sound like she was genuinely sad the infant had died and that was what soured their marriage (instead of her hating him from the start because he killed Rhaegar).2) On his death bed, Hoster Tully mistakes Catelyn for Lysa and apologizes for killing her baby/making her marry Jon Arryn. Later, Lysa also mentions to Littlefinger that they murdered his child with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Hoster never had a chance to speak with Cat before he died, so there was no way for her to figure out about the relationship between Lysa and Petyr.3) Jeyne Westerling's mother made sure that Jeyne could not be carrying Robb's heir. Again moon tea is mentioned. Instead, in the show we have a confirmed pregnant woman stabbed repeatedly in the belly.Cutting out previous references was a minor thing for me before because the way they skirted around the issue wasn't a big deal. But with Talisa I'm mad. Is it really better (less controversial) to have a pregnant woman killed so violently on screen than to have a casual conversation reference to abortion/contraception/Plan B or whatever moon tea is supposed to be? Because that's ridiculous.I think all the mentions of moon tea that you reference were cut for other reasons.  Cercei's character has been altered a bit for the show to make her more sympathetic, hence "mariage soured because of lost child" is brought in instead of "mariage soured because Robert called her Lyanna in bed and she's in love with her brother anyway."  The scenes with Cat and Hoster were (sadly) cut for time purposes. And since Lady Westerling isn't in the show and Talisa apparently wanted to get pregnant, there's no cause for discussion of moon tea there.  I'm SURE it will come up in future seasons when the Cercei/Margery rivalry heats up, and possibly also in the Asha/Yara storyline if it gets developed that much.  Can't imagine why the show would avoid the subject on purpose, I think it's just another thing they haven't fit in yet.
2821	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-06-04	I REALLY hope the letter makes it to Volantis or that Talisa's death has some repercussion in a future Volantis storyline.
2822	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	I was absolutely horrified by how the Talisa storyline got resolved. Not just because the violence was so gruesome, over-the-top, and unnecessary. But because now it really just seems cheap and arbitrary that they changed the character so much.I am sorry but calling the one single death out of the 3500 gruesome, over the top and unnecessary just because GRRM didn't write it seems a bit ridiculous to me.
2823	Aelinor Keath	2013-06-04	I was absolutely horrified by how the Talisa storyline got resolved. Not just because the violence was so gruesome, over-the-top, and unnecessary. But because now it really just seems cheap and arbitrary that they changed the character so much.That's why I think Talisa's family in Volantis will be important to the Essos part of the plot later. It gives the changes some purpose.
2824	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	That's why I think Talisa's family in Volantis will be important to the Essos part of the plot later. It gives the changes some purpose.How are they to be important? I can't see them getting involved with anything north related no matter who died. Unless your referring simply to the show? Because book wise, I don't see it happening.
2825	Where Boars Glow	2013-06-04	The thing that shocked and surprised me the most about her death was the way that they stabbed her so deliberately in the belly. I figured that they would kill Talisa as soon as she came along for the RW, and it was clinched when she revealed that she was pregnant. Her death was so brutal, though.And I can't help but wonder if the show is very obviously trying to steer away from any mention of contraception/abortifacents in Westeros. I count at least three major references to "moon tea" now that have been eliminated by the show.1) Cersei told Eddard that when Robert got her pregnant, she "took care of it" with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Cersei tells Catelyn that she actually had a child of Robert's (since he had black hair) and he died of fever. At first I thought the show was going worse by making her murder her son after the birth, but later when she talked about it with Robert, she made it sound like she was genuinely sad the infant had died and that was what soured their marriage (instead of her hating him from the start because he killed Rhaegar).2) On his death bed, Hoster Tully mistakes Catelyn for Lysa and apologizes for killing her baby/making her marry Jon Arryn. Later, Lysa also mentions to Littlefinger that they murdered his child with tansy and moon tea. In the show, Hoster never had a chance to speak with Cat before he died, so there was no way for her to figure out about the relationship between Lysa and Petyr.3) Jeyne Westerling's mother made sure that Jeyne could not be carrying Robb's heir. Again moon tea is mentioned. Instead, in the show we have a confirmed pregnant woman stabbed repeatedly in the belly.Cutting out previous references was a minor thing for me before because the way they skirted around the issue wasn't a big deal. But with Talisa I'm mad. Is it really better (less controversial) to have a pregnant woman killed so violently on screen than to have a casual conversation reference to abortion/contraception/Plan B or whatever moon tea is supposed to be? Because that's ridiculous.Wait so you are saying a show that deals with Incest/prostitution/pagan religions/ ect ect purposefully balked at discussion abortion and contraceptives? 
					
					
							Edited by Where Boars Glow, 04 June 2013 - 06:04 PM.
2826	Where Boars Glow	2013-06-04	I didn't love the Talisa storyline. Only because it changed Robs sense of duty. In a book that is easier to show. On a show you don't have time. Taking that premise for grated....I think giving Rob a legit romance angle making him a bit more passionate....made the love story more interesting and therefore the Red Wedding more powerful. He followed his heart and not his head....when people do this in Westeros. HEADS ON PIKES. This lesson has been taught again and again.
2827	jarl the climber	2013-06-04	How are they to be important? I can't see them getting involved with anything north related no matter who died. Unless your referring simply to the show? Because book wise, I don't see it happening.They might give the Golden Company ships to get to Westeros to get back at the Lannisters. Their bankers might refuse to give loans to the Iron Throne to bail them out with the Iron Bank. I totally agree that they have no reason to get involved in the North with Talisa and her unborn child out of the picture. I also agree that the Westerlings and the Spicers do not seem to be terribly important houses in the book.
2828	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	They might give the Golden Company ships to get to Westeros to get back at the Lannisters. Their bankers might refuse to give loans to the Iron Throne to bail them out with the Iron Bank. I totally agree that they have no reason to get involved in the North with Talisa and her unborn child out of the picture. I also agree that the Westerlings and the Spicers do not seem to be terribly important houses in the book.So are you saying strictly according to the show? Because I still have trouble seeing it happening as far as the books go.
2829	Lyanna's rose	2013-06-04	I'm not sure if she was a spy or not, It'll be interesting to see Tywins reaction to her murder. The Freys, Boltons and Tywin would have reasons for knocking her and her child off. On the other hand the child could have been married off to one of the kids that Bolton could have with Fat Walda and cement the claim. Of course Tywin wants Tyrions children through Sansa to get the North. It would have made more sense to keep her alive, Robbs kid would have a better claim than Sansa or any of the other kids. I suppose Tywin will let us know if her family had any political importance. In the books he wanted Cat to be kept alive, all this business with killing wives and children is not good for the families image at a certian point.I see Jeyne in the books and this Talissa character as both being somewhat egnimatic. You have to sort of wonder if there is more there than meets the eye but perhaps there is not.I don't have an opinion in favor or against the Talisa "spy or not a spy" theories, but just because she was killed at the RW doesn't mean she 100% wasn't a spy. There's no way she could survive the RW because she'd be a loose end that ties the whole plot back to the Lannisters. Currently Walder Frey looks to be the mastermind behind the attacks (book readers know it's Twyin, and tv people know because of the "Lannisters send the regards line, but in Westeros everyone assumes its the Freys). She can't be connected to Walder Frey because that makes no sense at all for him to plant her when Robb was already going to marry one of his daughters. Take out Walder Frey and all roads eventually lead back to Twyin Lannister. She messed up because she got pregnant, and then wrote a letter about to her mother. If you connect the Talisa/Jeyne storylines, Jeyne may have fallen in love with Robb, but her mom wasn't having any of it. What if Talisa did send a letter to her mom, which her mom then forwarded to Twyin? That would explain why she was stabbed in the belly. Of course I'm not accounting for time to send ravens to all these different places (not sure how much time passed between the letter and the RW). Her mom wouldn't have anticipated that they'd actually kill her though. Twyin would never agree to keep Robb's heir alive, because Robb was a king, which means his son is a king, and there can only be 1 king in Westeros.On a side note, I'm not too upset about the change of Robb/Honor to Robb/Love because Love is just as powerful an character trait as honor is. Robb married Jeyne because he deflowered her, not because she was pregnant. Plus, he may say he married her to protect her honor, which is partly true, but he also did it because he fell in love with her. So I really don't think Book Robb and TV Robb are that far off
2830	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	On a side note, I'm not too upset about the change of Robb/Honor to Robb/Love because Love is just as powerful an character trait as honor is. Robb married Jeyne because he deflowered her, not because she was pregnant. Plus, he may say he married her to protect her honor, which is partly true, but he also did it because he fell in love with her. So I really don't think Book Robb and TV Robb are that far offI pretty much agree with this. My gripe is that they cut out the honor part though. Show Robb, IMO feels a bit more selfish in how they portrayed his reasoning to get married. I.e the scene with him and Cat talking about how he shouldn't break the oath just for love. The way he acted felt selfish. If they would have done love as well as honor, I don't think he would have came off that way so much. But that's just my two cents.
2831	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-04	One thing I was wondering about the Talisa storyline, actually, was if they made Robb's wife come from Volantis in order to create a narrative shortcut so that when we do arrive in Volantis, we will already have some ideas about the culture, etc. - and won't need to have those explained to us as viewers. What I mean is that if we see some guy with a fish tattoo, we'll already know what that means, and we won't need to take time out from the plot for Jorah or Tyrion or somebody else to explain it to us.
Otherwise, I could not really think of a reason for having her come from Volantis... though the idea that her family could become significant later in Essos is an interesting one.
2832	lannistergold	2013-06-04	Her being at the wedding was what finally convinced me that TV!Robb is a moron and had his death coming. I mean really.
On topic: so what if Volantis remembers? The Free Cities are pretty isolationist as far as I can tell.
2833	jarl the climber	2013-06-04	Her being at the wedding was what finally convinced me that TV!Robb is a moron and had his death coming. I mean really.On topic: so what if Volantis remembers? The Free Cities are pretty isolationist as far as I can tell.IDK, Volantis helped Aegon land in Westeros, the GC had to pay the ships to take them but still. The Iron Bank of Braavos is about to back Stannis. A Magister of Pentos, Illryio, has been plotting to oust the current occupants of the Iron Throne since the beginning of the book. So they have not gotten directly involved yet but they are not nuetral in the strict sense and their involvement seems to be growing. In ACOK Tyrion sends Myrcella to Dorne via Braavos because he beleives that Stannis would not try to take her if she was on Braavosi ship because it might draw the Braavosi into the war against him. Keeping that in mind, if the Tommen regime is stupid enough to retaliate against the Braavosi for loaning money to Stannis by attacking their shipping for instance it could very well draw them into the war openly on Stannis' side. Illryio might feel he has to counter this by somehow drawing Pentos into the war on Aegons side. A lot of peopkle in Volantis and probaly Essos think Dany is the worlds savior. If Dany overthrows the aristocracy in Volantis they could end up openly backing her probaly with ships and R'hollor fanatic types. So i think this nuetrality or isolationism is probaly coming to an end in the next book.
2834	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-06-04	I was absolutely horrified by how the Talisa storyline got resolved. Not just because the violence was so gruesome, over-the-top, and unnecessary. But because now it really just seems cheap and arbitrary that they changed the character so much.I think arbitrary changes are becoming the hallmark of the producers of the TV show.  I think her whole character was created merely to add shock value to the RW.  They wasted so much TV time that could've been devoted to better subplots of the book establishing a character whose only purpose was to take the violence to eleven in the RW.
2835	Max Greyjoy	2013-06-05	I find it ridiculous that Volantis wouldn't respond in some way to Talisa's death, regardless of what story they believe. I wasn't a big fan of bringing Talisa into the storyline, but I think it would be interesting as far as the show is concerned. They probably won't side with Dany or the North, but they definitely would want revenge against the Lannisters. Even if it means they cut off their trading.
2836	Bran's Legs	2013-06-05	You don't just murder a Maegyr of Volantis at a wedding and get away with it. I would be shocked if Talisa's storyline goes away. When she is first introduced to Catelyn, Talisa indicates that her name carries weight back in her mother country. Other than the name, the show hasn't given any indication that Talisa is related to Malaquo Maegyr, one of the ruling Triarch's of Volantis, but you have to assume they're related. While Malaquo Maegyr has plans of dethroning Daenerys in the novels, it's not too farfetched to envision the show diverging from the books here. GRRM himself suggested the surname Maegyr for Talisa's character. In the show canon, we know that Talisa deplores slavery. I don't think bit of her backstory was added as merely an aside. In the show, there could be a future alliance between Daenerys and Volantis based on mutual interest. Volantis wants Daenerys out of Essos and Volantis wants revenge for the murder of Talisa. Daenerys wants to invade Westeros and could use the help from Volantis. The anti-slavery connection between Talisa and Daenerys would be a good way for Volantis to appeal to Daenerys moral interests. Farfetched, yes, but not logically divergent.
2837	isisini	2013-06-05	I reckon Talisa's Volantis connection was only really there to give the show an op to explain another ASOIAF culture to the viewer. She introduced the concept of slavery in Essos, which became really important in S3, and is a nice nod to readers who have already been introduced to Volantis. It also meant the character had no connections to characters in Westeros that could have been confusing for book readers and TV viewers alike. And it meant that we categorically knew she wasn't meant to be Jeyne Westerling. 
Personally, I didn't mind Talisa, and I completely get why they changed the character - Jeyne is a bit of a non-entity and the stuff with her mother and the fertility is needlessly complex for TV. Since we never get a POV from Robb in the books we don't really know what portion of his betrayal of the Freys was for honour and what for love. Even if 'honour' is the reason he gives to his mother /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.
2838	Teardrops	2013-06-05	Her being at the wedding was what finally convinced me that TV!Robb is a moron and had his death coming. I mean really.mh? Why he's a moron? /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />  In the books Cat convinced him to leave Jeyne at Riverrun just because she didn't trust Robb to keep his control if Walder Frey insulted her but, as she said in her POV, the Queen absence as much as her presence could have been perceived by the old man as a slight.
2839	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	mh? Why he's a moron? /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />  In the books Cat convinced him to leave Jeyne at Riverrun just because she didn't trust Robb to keep his control if Walder Frey insulted her but, as she said in her POV, the Queen absence as much as her presence could have been perceived by the old man as a slight.You can never please late lord Frey, I think it's also who the person is both the offender and offended.  if it was tywin or even ned(he wouldn't betray his word) wouldn't hide his wife, hiding her looks as tho you regret or afraid of others reaction.
2840	HouseLark	2013-06-05	We know so little of Talisa that it's hard to say what the consequences of her death will be. Are the Maegyr's even players in the shows world? Is she a minor noble? Coudl be she will just be a character whose death is of no consequence but maybe D&D know Martin is trying to find a way to work Volantis into the Westeros storyline. Upshot is, I don't really have a clue!
2841	ServantOnIce	2013-06-05	I hope notI want Talisa's existence to just be erased. All of it.I can't stand her character and story lineThis. Should have just left her as Jeyne Westerling and be done with it. Her and The Blackfish both should have been left at Riverrun and Robb's Will should have been mentioned. In the books Robb knew his time was running out.
2842	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	I hated Jeyne in the books. Found her and the Westerlings terribly boring. I never understood why Robb would fall for a mousy girl like her. Just didn't make sense for him to throw away his alliance with House Frey over some shy, drippy girl. While I don't think Talisa was that big of an improvement, I do like that they  gave her more character than Jeyne.
2843	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	GRRM gave Talisa the surname Maegyr for a reason. House Maegyr is one of the most powerful families in Volantis. There has to be a reason why GRRM distinctly chose THAT surname for her. It is not out of the spectrum of possibility to expect a Volantene backlash from this. How that will happen is still to be determined, but I figure Talisa's death will come back into the storyline down the road.
2844	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	I hated Jeyne in the books. Found her and the Westerlings terribly boring. I never understood why Robb would fall for a mousy girl like her. Just didn't make sense for him to throw away his alliance with House Frey over some shy, drippy girl. While I don't think Talisa was that big of an improvement, I do like that they  gave her more character than Jeyne.Wasn't that part of the point, that was hammered home when Jamie meets her and thinks she's nothing special, nothing to lose your kingdom and life over?....That she wasn't a great beauty, or very inteligent, I thought she came off as close to stupid in the book....that was part of the tragedy, he marries her, not for beauty or an awesome queen life partner help mate like his mother became to his father, but because he took her virginity and felt honor bound to marry her.  He lost it all for a few weak moments.
2845	Greywolf2375	2013-06-05	Same. Also, her being brought to the wedding made absolutely no sense since it was insulting to the Freys.Either way it was insulting to the Freys - if she shows up, she is then showing up the family.  If she doesn't show up, as in the books, the Freys can be insulted for not being able to see the young lady that Robb threw over a Frey for.Either way, the Freys get what they want - another insult.I'm not really a Talisa fan, but Jeyne was not such a great character either. Wouldn't the audience have thought Robb's marrying a Lannister bannerman's daughter was a little fishy too?Not if it got introduced similar to the book - since they were not a hugely powerful house, switching that alliance may have made sense in that situation.  If they had played it differently, that might have raised more alarms.
2846	'96Buck	2013-06-05	IMO, the point of changing to Talisa was primarily so that she COULD go to the wedding and get hideously murdered (that and slimming down to get rid of the ultimately extraneous Westerling plot.).  Tywin doesn't get quite as many "devious plan" points, but so what, show watchers have granted him "devious" status at this point and extra points would be wasted.  The scene is more impactful this way, especially after the (wise) elimination of the "Cat and dying father @ Riverrun" arc.
It doesn't work for the Freys to murder Jeyne, since the Westerlings were in on the Red Wedding.  Without the Westerlings, D&D are free to make that change w/o upsetting anything else.  It's also faster since D&D don't have to move Robb to the Crag and back, 
That she's from Volantis mostly means that she does NOT have strings attached...a noble Westerosi house would have to deal, in some way or another, with what the conspirators dealt them.  Some foreign noble girl married to a traitor can be killed with relative impunity.  And if she tells us that Volantis is some other place, along the way, great.
2847	The Anti-Targ	2013-06-05	It could be argued that the only people who knew Talisa is a Maegyr died at the Red Wedding, aside from Roose Bolton, and who's he going to tell? So the Maegyr family back in Volantis aren't going to know anything for a long time.
I can't imagine that Talisa's family name, and her city of origin, were chosen in a vaccuum. So I think her murder will have further repercussions in a future season. The Volantines are in the story in the books. Talisa's appearance just puts them in the story earlier with a bit more of a connection to Westeros, and a lot more reason to want to go there and kick some arse. Depending on the political situation there if the Maegyr's aren't in charge when Volantis declares war on Dany, then Talisa's murder in Westeros gives the Maegyr's reason to seize power and then ally with Dany.
OMG I just had a horrible thought. What if they decide to make an unTalisa instead of an unCat? Michelle Fairley has spoken with such finality and emotion about leaving the show. But no one's interviewed Oona about leaving.
2848	boojam	2013-06-05	Has anyone mentioned that maybe George felt he made a mistake with Jeyne Westerling.
By this time in the story she has sort of vanished off page and GRRM planned never to put her back on stage again?
Last mention of her was in A Feast for Crows ... not sure we would even see her in the next two books.
2849	teemo	2013-06-05	If there is an UnTalisa I think I would have to honestly stop watching.  That's just too crazy.  That's worse than the idea of Ros replacing Jeyne Poole.  I wouldn't believe anything that an actor says in an interview regarding their role.  I remember mid-way during the last The Walking Dead season, there were interviews with lots of the actors/writers and a particular actor who swore their character was safe died a few episodes later, among all sorts of other things viewers should expect, and tons of them were totally fake. And they were very convincing in their interviews as well.  Is it possible that UnCat could be all CGI....?  I don't like that idea, more like asking if it's technically possible or cheaper than having Fairley stay around.  I really don't know anything about the cost of CGI.  Except it's very expensive.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 10:03 PM.
2850	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	If there is an UnTalisa I think I would have to honestly stop watching.  That's just too crazy.  That's worse than the idea of Ros replacing Jeyne Poole.  I wouldn't believe anything that an actor says in an interview regarding their role.  I remember mid-way during the last The Walking Dead season, there were interviews with lots of the actors/writers and a particular actor who swore their character was safe (and then died a few episodes later) among all sorts of other things viewers should expect, and tons of them were totally fake. And they were very convincing in their interviews as well.  Is it possible that UnCat could be all CGI....?  I don't like that idea, more like asking if it's technically possible or cheaper than having Fairley stay around./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I seriously would consider it too. Talisa has screwed up enough of Robb and Cat's storyline that would be an abomination if she replaced Cat as LS. Michelle is a great actress and Oona just doesn't have the skill (compared to her) I'd much rather see Michelle on screen since we all know just how well she can pull it off and would do much better. Plus it doesn't make sense. Talisa hasn't lost nearly as much as Catelyn has. That poor woman has lost more than anyone should have to in their life and it would be cheap replacing her with Talisa just because that idiot (who doesn't even know where her husbands home is) just because she lost ONE child and a husband.I don't see why anyone can support this theory. It's as bad as Talisa replacing Fake Arya. Or Ros replacing Jeyne Poole.I'd think it's cheaper using Michelle than cgi. They've used so little of the wolves (and not much more appearances of the dragons) that I'd bet my life it's better keeping the actress than cgi.
2851	Harle The Handsome	2013-06-06	I thought her death (while preggers) was way over the top and unnecessary, and a book deviation that also creates a bit of a plot hole.Jeyne Westerling still carries Robb's baby at RIverrun, yes? Or was it Seaguard?"Over the top and unnecessary". The whole fucking thing is over the top and unnecessary. If it had been in the books you'd not give it a second thought. It was brutal, but fine in the context of things.No, she doesn't. That theory is (almost definitely) false.That potential plot hole is, in the words of Joe Biden, a BFD.  The storyline hasn't progressed far enough to say much more than it is a viable theory, and the degree of gusto you rebuke it with has no merit. (spoilers for AFfC here) 
	Spoiler I could accept that GRRM simple made a mistake describing Jeyne if the problem was only in the description of her hips, but describing her from Jaime's PoV as more girlish than womanly, plus omitting her younger sister from the train of Westerlings leaving Riverrun for Casterly Rock, make this a very plausible theory. Jaime assumed that her clothes were torn out of mourning, but it is also possible that she tore them to hid an ill fit.  Finally, how is it that her mother never gave Jaime the traitor's crown "Jeyne" got all scratched up defending? Could it be that the crown was no longer in Riverrun?GRRM is a master of foreshadowing. In the Samwell PoV after Jaime gets Edmure to surrender Riverrun Sam sees acolytes helping an old man, a young woman and a baby onto a bout heading out to the Bloody Isle. If that truly was nothing more than just an old guy and a young mother, a good editor would have cut it out, claiming the book is getting long and this paragraph is superfluous. GRRM would have had to defend keeping this paragraph in the book.  Samwell has had chance encounters with Bran and Arya already, it is no great stretch to think Sam just had a chance encounter with another Stark.
And the Talisa-lovers, aka, grumpkins and snarks, can defend her.>.<  Some people believe grumpkins and snarks may actually exist. There are no such claims about the existence of Talisa-loversSometimes .. it just feels that people are anti-Talisa for the simple reason that  she replaced Jeyne in the books & that it brought a conclusion to a lot of Theories   & stuff ... I would have been truly upset if there was a replacement of the character  'HAD THE SHOW BEEN NOT CONNECTED with GRRM .. But since GRRM who obviously has a hand over the mythos of this Saga considers Talisa as appropriate .. I am fine with it .This episode ( of all other episodes ) .. was the most important one for G.R.R.M.  & for the show creators as well ... I mean they literally  brought the rights of the show to  execute these  10 minutes .... It obviously was with the approval of GRRM .For people who consider her story line ridiculous ... I doubt it was more ridiculous than  Robb falling in love with a low Lannister house ... and his in-laws plotting with Lannister to kill their son-in-law who is a king & their unborn grandson/daughter who might be the next big shot ... They would be doing everything detrimental to them .!!Robb did not fall in love with girl from a low Lannister house.  he made a mistake in grief and soiled a noble maiden.  Rather than leave her dishonored, he dishonored himself.  Why?  Because he is Ned Stark's son. In time they grew to genuinely love each other, but Robb did NOT marry her out of love.I think arbitrary changes are becoming the hallmark of the producers of the TV show.  I think her whole character was created merely to add shock value to the RW.  They wasted so much TV time that could've been devoted to better subplots of the book establishing a character whose only purpose was to take the violence to eleven in the RW. QFT
					
					
							Edited by Harle The Handsome, 06 June 2013 - 07:26 AM.
2852	Eric Xayavong	2013-06-06	George has said that all the small changes have huge implications for future events on the TV series. He still feels it is his story though. I think this means that the TV series will have several differences from now on. It is still enjoyable to be honest. If you've ever read Walking Dead comics, there are huge changes on the show and it only diminishes the story if you let it.
Talisa's death was more intense than i ever could of have imagined the red wedding to be (balanced out by bolton's lame stabbing). When I thought the red wedding couldn't be even more intense they stab an unborn child. I look forward to any surprises the TV show may bring with the plot change. Maybe it's a red herring, whatever.
2853	Craven Mummer	2013-06-06	Volantis will hire the Faceless Men to take their revenge. The Faceless Men will send their newest recruit.
2854	juanml82	2013-06-06	Volantis will hire the Faceless Men to take their revenge. The Faceless Men will send their newest recruit.And that recruit will be walking out the Temple of Black and White before Arya walks in!/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2855	jugdesh258	2013-06-06	Director says reaction from Volantis to RW is covered in Season Finalehttp://on.aol.com/vi...nk2&pLid=324283
There are two versions one where he says reaction of Stannis and Volantis.   Another where is plays Stannis and Lannisters.
I don't really believe it unless it is recounted by varys or something.
2856	Weeping Sore	2013-06-06	The two people most likely to be affected by the murder of Talisa Maegyr-Stark are Tyrion or Danaerys.
I could see Tyrion held captive in Volantis; he's expecting to be sent back to King's Landing for the reward.  Triarch Maegyr confronts him about the RW and the Lannisters' part in it, all the while knowing Tyrion killed the architect of said event.
In the end, Triarch Maegyr sends him on to Dany on the condition that he advise her to move swiftly to Westeros and crush the Lannisters/Boltons/Freys. Of course getting Dany to abandon her anti-slavery crusade would still be more important to the Triarch than revenge. But perhaps the story of the young bride murdered with her unborn child might move Dany, considering how she lost Rhaego to treachery?
2857	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-06	Characters unsullied hate the most: Joffrey, Walder, Bolton, Ramsay etc.
Character book-fans hate the most: Talisa
I'm not sure if I understand ...
2858	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Characters unsullied hate the most: Joffrey, Walder, Bolton, Ramsay etc.Character book-fans hate the most: TalisaI'm not sure if I understand ...Well it's pretty simple. The first group is 'evil' while Talisa is a poorly written character. From what I've heard/read there's show viewers that dislike her too. Many people I've read say their unsullied friends either hate her/don't care about her. Then there's mine who actively hoped she would die (or at the very least disappear never to come on screen again.)But it comes down to preference. Some like the modern/cliche/cheesy romance that is Robb and Talisa while others don't like the character that is obviously a slightly more 'fleshed out' plot device.
2859	Aapo	2013-06-06	If there is an UnTalisa I think I would have to honestly stop watching.  That's just too crazy.  That's worse than the idea of Ros replacing Jeyne Poole.And what happened to Ros? Relax, show some doubt for these rumous ,wait few days and we are much wiser. Not the first or last bizarre storyline which ends up dead. Every once in a while we are cutting Coldhands or Oberyn Martell and now UnCat?I didn't love Talisa, but her faith combined with Robb and Cat had an strong impact. I pity those who are not able to get over this Talisa-Jeyne move and are even happy how she met her end.
2860	teemo	2013-06-06	And what happened to Ros? Relax, show some doubt for these rumous ,wait few days and we are much wiser. Not the first or last bizarre storyline which ends up dead. Every once in a while we are cutting Coldhands or Oberyn Martell and now UnCat?I didn't love Talisa, but her faith combined with Robb and Cat had an strong impact. I pity those who are not able to get over this Talisa-Jeyne move and are even happy how she met her end.I'm relaxed.  I've actually said numerous times around the board that I think there's no need to fret of somewhat major minor characters not being cast, because every time people freak out they turn out to be cast.  I also never believed that Ros would replace Jeyne Poole.  I'm just saying I may quit the show if Talisa replaced Cat.  That's it.  I even said, "That's too crazy."  Meaning, I don't think it will be happen.  You don't need to pity me.  I would hate Talisa/Robb if I was only a television viewer; that's just how I am.  So please, take your pity elsewhere.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 04:57 PM.
2861	Daske	2013-06-06	Well it's pretty simple. The first group is 'evil' while Talisa is a poorly written character. From what I've heard/read there's show viewers that dislike her too. Many people I've read say their unsullied friends either hate her/don't care about her. Then there's mine who actively hoped she would die (or at the very least disappear never to come on screen again.)But it comes down to preference. Some like the modern/cliche/cheesy romance that is Robb and Talisa while others don't like the character that is obviously a slightly more 'fleshed out' plot device.There's plenty of book people that didn't mind Talisa, or even liked the change, it's just that it has never been fashionable to say so. I agree, some show-only people also just don't care about her either way, but I would say mainly just because she's a 'side' character but doesn't have the luxury of being a 'cool' character as some side characters can be. And while they are schmoosing Robb isn't off killing Lannisters of course which everyone would have liked to have seen more of. I don't see this evidence for her being poorly written at all. Not exciting, but not poor.And I think plenty of people did buy into their relationship. You act like people didn't fall in love in those times. Pretty sure they did - hardly makes it 'modern'. If you had to pick out one love/marriage story that is most 'normal' in the the show it would probably be Robb & Talisa (no incest, no forced marriage, lots of puppy dog eyes etc). Yes the circumstances and ramifications were extreme but their feelings for each other and the way it developed seemed quite par for the course to me, like nomal kids in love. What was cheesy about it really? Just that it was two people falling in love period?Jon/Ygritte was far closer to the star-crossed lovers doomed to fail story than Robb/Talisa  - and also Jon broke an important oath there too btw.As mentioned upthread, as a plot device Talisa was much more useful that just to add extra horror to the wedding (which I think it did anyway), and certainly more useful than Jeyne would have been. She introduced/expanded the concepts of powerful Houses overseas, slavery, and of Volantis itself. Exactly what book moaners say the TV series needs more of, i.e. more detail, world building, backstory etc. But it seems only if mentioned by book characters, and ignored if by Talisa or Roz or non-cannon Shae.I would also argue that there was a huge place for a this love story in the show anyway. Building up the idea that there was some future for a loving Stark family after this mess was over with. And more brutal to have it dashed. Honestly, love stories by themselves generally are not my thing, but as one small part of the whole show it certainly added more emotional weight to Robb's arc than it would have had otherwise.I would add a choice to your 'comes down to preference' that some people can enjoy lots of different types of characters, situations and arcs within the same show, and imo the wide array of these in GoT is what is making it the massive hit that it is. In fact I would go further and say that losing some of these elements as the show progresses will be to its detriment - and certainly the books become less fun, and there's less love about, and there are even less people that you care about what happens to. It may work against the show unless they remain creative. You need people to invest in some of these characters, and plenty of people clearly had in Robb & Talisa's case - or did the internet not just explode?
					
					
							Edited by Daske, 06 June 2013 - 04:47 PM.
2862	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	When did I say people actually couldn't fall in love at that time? What makes her modern and cliche IMO is how they did the plot (which Martin expressed his distaste for that sort of thing many years ago) of how a spunky girl goes back talking a king/royalty and said royalty just falls in love with them. In her introductory neither we nor Robb know she is highborn, and I'm pretty sure even highborn aren't stupid enough to back talk kings. If she had back talked anyone else; Joffrey, Tywin, Roose, Ramsy, and probably even Stannis she would have been punished for said things. But oh no, she happen stances across the one highborn who happens to like being emasculated by her downgrading and disrespecting him. That seems way to modern to me and also on the cliche side.I'm sure there are some people who like or just don't have an opinion one way or the other about Talisa, it just seems, at least from what I've read/heard and who I've talked to, that the group who likes her is in the minority. Honestly I'm sure people only cared for her death because it was so brutal. I don't see how people can actually like such an idiot and bimbo of a character. Honestly, this idiot is seen two or three times with her husband in season three where he's looking at maps and she hasn't once ever looked at said maps in curiosity to see where Winterfell, the place she will be living, is? That boggles my mind.I don't really care for the Volantis build up myself, but maybe some people do. Tyrion could have easily introduced it without Talisa being in the show. All we learn from her is she loves her brother (who she turned around and left for whatever reasons to run half way across the world), about slaves which we already knew/know from Dany, and a small part of how (or more like why) she became a nurse. That's about it. Like I said, she's only a slightly more fleshed out plot device than Jeyne. (But much more annoying IMO)But talking about what's wrong with Talisa as a character (and I didn't even get into the change of Robb's character or how she squirmed her way into taking scenes that would be much better on Cat. Cat definitely got the shit end of the stick in the change of the character) and how she is horribly written is like beating a dead horse, or like wasting my breath since people are just going to continue to argue about it no matter what is said. So I'll just end the post here since people will like what they like and if they want to delude themselves into thinking we need a modern-ish romance in a story that's not modern, then by all means that's their choice.Eta; I'm glad you like the story. IMO the actors have no chemistry. The only time they seemed to have a little was in the RW episode during the gushy about to kiss and baby talk scene. So no I didn't see them as being in love at all. I only knew that they're supposed to be.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 05:10 PM.
2863	ladyinblack	2013-06-06	That potential plot hole is, in the words of Joe Biden, a BFD.  The storyline hasn't progressed far enough to say much more than it is a viable theory, and the degree of gusto you rebuke it with has no merit. (spoilers for AFfC here) 
	Spoiler I could accept that GRRM simple made a mistake describing Jeyne if the problem was only in the description of her hips, but describing her from Jaime's PoV as more girlish than womanly, plus omitting her younger sister from the train of Westerlings leaving Riverrun for Casterly Rock, make this a very plausible theory. Jaime assumed that her clothes were torn out of mourning, but it is also possible that she tore them to hid an ill fit.  Finally, how is it that her mother never gave Jaime the traitor's crown "Jeyne" got all scratched up defending? Could it be that the crown was no longer in Riverrun?GRRM is a master of foreshadowing. In the Samwell PoV after Jaime gets Edmure to surrender Riverrun Sam sees acolytes helping an old man, a young woman and a baby onto a bout heading out to the Bloody Isle. If that truly was nothing more than just an old guy and a young mother, a good editor would have cut it out, claiming the book is getting long and this paragraph is superfluous. GRRM would have had to defend keeping this paragraph in the book.  Samwell has had chance encounters with Bran and Arya already, it is no great stretch to think Sam just had a chance encounter with another Stark.
>.<  Some people believe grumpkins and snarks may actually exist. There are no such claims about the existence of Talisa-loversRobb did not fall in love with girl from a low Lannister house.  he made a mistake in grief and soiled a noble maiden.  Rather than leave her dishonored, he dishonored himself.  Why?  Because he is Ned Stark's son. In time they grew to genuinely love each other, but Robb did NOT marry her out of love.QFTGood postIt took a re-read a few months ago to start seeing the clues in the Westerling story-agree that it is not for nonce that it was subtly written into Jaimes POV
2864	teemo	2013-06-06	When did I say people actually couldn't fall in love at that time? What makes her modern and cliche IMO is how they did the plot (which Martin expressed his distaste for that sort of thing many years ago) of how a spunky girl goes back talking a king/royalty and said royalty just falls in love with them. In her introductory neither we nor Robb know she is highborn, and I'm pretty sure even highborn aren't stupid enough to back talk kings. If she had back talked anyone else; Joffrey, Tywin, Roose, Ramsy, and probably even Stannis she would have been punished for said things. But oh no, she happen stances across the one highborn who happens to like being emasculated by her downgrading and disrespecting him. That seems way to modern to me and also on the cliche side.I'm sure there are some people who like or just don't have an opinion one way or the other about Talisa, it just seems, at least from what I've read/heard and who I've talked to, that the group who likes her is in the minority.Honestly I'm sure people only cared for her death because it was so brutal. I don't see how people can actually like such an idiot and bimbo of a character. Honestly, this idiot is seen two or three times with her husband in season three where he's looking at maps and she hasn't once ever looked at said maps in curiosity to see where Winterfell, the place she will be living, is? That boggles my mind.I don't really care for the Volantis build up myself, but maybe some people do. Tyrion could have easily introduced it without Talisa being in the show. All we learn from her is she loves her brother (who she turned around and left for whatever reasons to run half way across the world), about slaves which we already knew/know from Dany, and a small part of how (or more like why) she became a nurse. That's about it. Like I said, she's only a slightly more fleshed out plot device than Jeyne. (But much more annoying IMO)But talking about what's wrong with Talisa as a character (and I didn't even get into the change of Robb's character or how she squirmed her way into taking scenes that would be much better on Cat. Cat definitely got the shit end of the stick in the change of the character) and how she is horribly written is like beating a dead horse, or like wasting my breath since people are just going to continue to argue about it no matter what is said. So I'll just end the post here since people will like what they like and if they want to delude themselves into thinking we need a modern-ish romance in a story that's not modern, then by all means that's their choice.Eta; I'm glad you like the story. IMO the actors have no chemistry. The only time they seemed to have a little was in the RW episode during the gushy about to kiss and baby talk scene. So no I didn't see them as being in love at all. I only knew that they're supposed to be.I agree with this.  I have no problems with shows having people that truly love each other.  Hell, look at my icon.  I really thought the love between Johnny Sack and his wife was pretty damn sweet.  He was one of the very few guys on the show that didn't have a goomar.  And I didn't find that cheesy.  Like you mentioned, the cliche of some girl back talking a king is very cheesy and GRRM has expressed dislike for those kinds of relationships in fantasy in the past.  It's not a type of a romance story he'd ever write.  Also, David Benioff was the writer for the movie Troy.  I was quite young when I saw it, but even then I hated how corny it was. 
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 06:17 PM.
2865	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I agree with this.  I have no problems with shows having people that truly love each other.  Hell, look at my icon.  I really thought the love between Johnny Sack and his wife was pretty damn sweet.  He was one of the very few guys on the show that didn't have a goomar.  And I didn't find that cheesy.  Like you mentioned, the cliche of some girl back talking a king is very cheesy and GRRM has expressed dislike for those kinds of relationships in fantasy in the past.  It's not a type of a romance story he'd ever write.  Also, David Benioff was the writer for the movie Troy.  I was quite young when I saw it, but even then I hated how corny it was. I think it just kind of shows the writers aren't good when it comes to completely veering from the books. There's many decent romance stories in shows/film that might be over done but are still able to work and people like. What they had going against them though was Martin already had a rich story full of fascinating characters and then to just change one makes her almost immediately look odd and out of place. (At least that's my impression because my unsullied friend said something along the lines of her seeming to not quite fit in the world. Which I think speaks volumes if there are some unsullied even saying this.) Plus the fact that George expresses distaste for that sort of story in fantasy, it feels like D&D did that as a big fuck you to him. I never saw the movie Troy, actually, even though I think my father loved those sort of movies. I think I might have tried to watch it once but I just couldn't get into it.
2866	ladyinblack	2013-06-06	Characters unsullied hate the most: Joffrey, Walder, Bolton, Ramsay etc.Character book-fans hate the most: TalisaI'm not sure if I understand ...EasyTalisa was not in the books
2867	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	EasyTalisa was not in the booksIt's not as simple as that. Personally, my reasoning is a lot more than just 'oh not in the books so I hate her immediately.' But I've already stated them numerous times so there's no point to keep doing so.
2868	ladyinblack	2013-06-06	It's not as simple as that. Personally, my reasoning is a lot more than just 'oh not in the books so I hate her immediately.' But I've already stated them numerous times so there's no point to keep doing so.I personally disliked the whole Talisa storyline so was just pointing out to the poster of that question the most visible difference between the 2 groups of characters
2869	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I personally disliked the whole Talisa storyline so was just pointing out to the poster of that question the most visible difference between the 2 groups of charactersAah okay. Sorry. When I read that I thought you were immediately saying that everyone who hates or dislikes her only does so because she isn't in the books.
2870	Bastard of Boston	2013-06-06	Plus the fact that George expresses distaste for that sort of story in fantasy, it feels like D&D did that as a big fuck you to him.I'm assuming you're being facetious. David and Dan are two of the biggest fanboys around, and I doubt they're going out of their way to try and step on George's toes.I didn't mind Talisa. Actually, I don't really feel strongly about her character one way or the other. I actually find it interesting that so many dislike her when the character she replaced was so unbelievably vacant of character. I also don't know why Talisa is considered to be a cliche, while someone like Arya -- the same mouthy "strong" female archetype -- is loved by us all. I'm not grasping the difference. Is it because Arya is a child and Talisa is a woman? But, if that's so, don't we expect Arya to grow up into that same ballsy type of chick? Isn't that what we all want?Moreover, it even makes sense that Robb would gravitate towards that type of woman, growing up under the same roof as Arya. While many might look down at a woman who showcases "She-Wolf" tendencies, Robb would be the type to see it as a comfort and reminder of home.I never understood why Talisa is considered to be a fantasy cliche in a world with Arya and Martell women. Shit, the Sand Snakes are like bonafide Charlie's Angels, each with their own specific talent for killing.For me, it always goes back to the premise that anyone not created by GRRM is looked upon with extreme prejudice.
2871	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I'm assuming you're being facetious. David and Dan are two of the biggest fanboys around, and I doubt they're going out of their way to try and step on George's toes.I didn't mind Talisa. Actually, I don't really feel strongly about her character one way or the other. I actually find it interesting that so many dislike her when the character she replaced was so unbelievably vacant of character. I also don't know why Talisa is considered to be a cliche, while someone like Arya -- the same mouthy "strong" female archetype -- is loved by us all. I'm not grasping the difference. Is it because Arya is a child and Talisa is a woman? But, if that's so, don't we expect Arya to grow up into that same ballsy type of chick? Isn't that what we all want?Moreover, it even makes sense that Robb would gravitate towards that type of woman, growing up under the same roof as Arya. While many might look down at a woman who showcases "She-Wolf" tendencies, Robb would be the type to see it as a comfort and reminder of home.I never understood why Talisa is considered to be a fantasy cliche in a world with Arya and Martell women. Shit, the Sand Snakes are like bonafide Charlie's Angels, each with their own specific talent for killing.For me, it always goes back to the premise that anyone not created by GRRM is looked upon with extreme prejudice.Seeing as its stated many, many, many times in this site why Talisa is considered cliche I suggest just looking around. It honestly won't be hard to find posts to why. I even stated some of them in my post but you just ignored them and talked about how the writers aren't likely trying to step on the authors toes.Okay that's extremely creepy. Just because Arya is a tomboy Robb will immediately love someone who acts like her? I find that a weird suggestion. If we go by that logic he could just as easily love a sweet, shy, caring girl (ahem Jeyne) like how his sister Sansa acts. And aside from that Arya isn't a complete idiot. If you read the books, well then you know she acts how she needs to to survive. (Like at Harrenhal with Bolton's men) whereas Talisa doesn't know these people in Westeros and yet she questions them without even a second thought to possibly getting punished. Talk about stupid.I get the feeling that you, and others, just like to ignore all the posts people make about what's wrong with Talisa as a character (since it's discussed so much and is beaten like a dead horse) and just immediately proclaim us that dislike her as book purists when that's not always the case. I actually like some of the show changes. In all honesty she's one of the only changes that I truly hate/despise.
2872	morningxstar	2013-06-06	as a reader it was everything i could of hoped for and a lot more
2873	Bastard of Boston	2013-06-06	Seeing as its stated many, many, many times in this site why Talisa is considered cliche I suggest just looking around. It honestly won't be hard to find posts to why. I even stated some of them in my post but you just ignored them and talked about how the writers aren't likely trying to step on the authors toes.Okay that's extremely creepy. Just because Arya is a tomboy Robb will immediately love someone who acts like her? I find that a weird suggestion. If we go by that logic he could just as easily love a sweet, shy, caring girl (ahem Jeyne) like how his sister Sansa acts. And aside from that Arya isn't a complete idiot. If you read the books, well then you know she acts how she needs to to survive. (Like at Harrenhal with Bolton's men) whereas Talisa doesn't know these people in Westeros and yet she questions them without even a second thought to possibly getting punished. Talk about stupid.I get the feeling that you, and others, just like to ignore all the posts people make about what's wrong with Talisa as a character (since it's discussed so much and is beaten like a dead horse) and just immediately proclaim us that dislike her as book purists when that's not always the case. I actually like some of the show changes. In all honesty she's one of the only changes that I truly hate/despise.Defensive, no?The fact that I pointed out that I never understood the reasoning behind Talisa-hate based on the premise of her being a cliche would imply that I've seen the posts around the forum and don't need to look around. I'm addressing the dislike of Talisa based on the thesis that she's too cliche to exist in Martin's world. Also, I read your posts, thoroughly. Did you not respond to a post in which the poster called Talisa's boldness toward Robb the basis for a cliche romance? And, then you proceeded to agree, stating you feel D&D did this on purpose to disrespect GRRM for something...I'm not sure what.I thought I touched on your points. Forgive me if I missed something.As for Arya, you attached the creepiness. My basis for the comparison was how Jon felt Alys Karstark was a kindred spirit based on the premise that she seemed like Arya. My only intent was to point out that Starks are used to mouthy women, so the idea of an upstart foreigner challenging something King Robb says isn't likely to phase him -- it's more likely to intrigue him.I'm not President of the Talisa fanclub, so the projecting is a little much. Sorry.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 06 June 2013 - 07:37 PM.
2874	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Defensive, no?The fact that I pointed out that I never understood the reasoning behind Talisa-hate based on the premise of her being a cliche would imply that I've seen the posts around the forum and don't need to look around. I'm addressing the dislike of Talisa based on the thesis that she's too cliche to exist in Martin's world. Also, I read your posts, thoroughly. Did you not respond to a post in which the poster called Talisa's boldness toward Robb the basis for a cliche romance? And, then you proceeded to agree, stating you feel D&amp;D did this on purpose to disrespect GRRM for something...I'm not sure what.I thought I touched on your points. Forgive me if I missed something.As for Arya, you attached the creepiness. My basis for the comparison was how Jon felt Alys Karstark was a kindred spirit based on the premise that she seemed like Arya. My only intent was to point out that Starks are used to mouthy women, so the idea of an upstart foreigner challenging something King Robb says isn't likely to phase him -- it's more likely to intrigue him.I'm not President of the Talisa fanclub, so the projecting is a little much. Sorry.I'm a little confused on your part of my saying about boldness and then agreeing what the writers did was to step on Martin's toes. They weren't exactly the same thing. Yes I think some nobody (at the time we meet her) back was sing a king is rather cliche and quite frankly overdone. My point o talking about D&D was saying I felt like they choose this plot as a fuck you to Martin, was because years ago he discussed his dislike for those sorts of fantasy storylines. If your such big lovers of the author like those two claim to be, why exactly would they pick the sort of plot that Martin is said to not like and steers clear of? That's what I was getting at.I don't think Robb couldn't necessarily like a girl that's like Arya, I just think they way they went about this arc made it rather modern and cliche IMO. But the fact so many girls in the show are bad ass just makes me think the writers can't write meek/nice characters like Jeyne and Sansa. (Hence why Sansa is seemingly butchered according to many people's opinion).  I don't see what's wrong with a few more female characters that are like Cat and Sansa.Personally I don't see why they did such a drastic change. (Which is another reason to why I dislike her.) What's wrong with keeping her from Westeros but changing the family she's from (like maybe from the Riverlands) if one of their reasons was to change the daughter of an enemy bannermen part.I just think it's funny because in fact seemingly so many people think she's cliche, and so many think she's a bit to modern for the show, and there's some unsullied that think she doesn't look to fit into the GoT sort of world but yet no one can accept that she is modern and cliche. (This isn't directed at you but in general.) I just wish people would admit that they like her for that reason rather than keep saying she isn't those things. Maybe she wouldn't seem that way if the writing had been better.. I don't know. But when I have unsullied having the same sort of opinion I do, and they don't even know of the change (or they know of the change but haven't read the book to really capture the difference), that kind of shows to me that a lot of what's said against the character is in fact true.That's just my opinion anyway. I don't come across nearly as many people that actually like her or care much for her so that just kind of adds to my thinking.
2875	boojam	2013-06-06	George has said that all the small changes have huge implications for future events on the TV series. He still feels it is his story though. I think this means that the TV series will have several differences from now on. It is still enjoyable to be honest. If you've ever read Walking Dead comics, there are huge changes on the show and it only diminishes the story if you let it.Talisa's death was more intense than i ever could of have imagined the red wedding to be (balanced out by bolton's lame stabbing). When I thought the red wedding couldn't be even more intense they stab an unborn child. I look forward to any surprises the TV show may bring with the plot change. Maybe it's a red herring, whatever.No one seems to mention that George (seemed) to know about the change,  from the get go, and hence his invention of Talisa.Because D and D must have run through their version of the RW with him ... they may have been going to have Jeyne Westerling at the RW and George made a substitution.Makes one wonder if GRRM will ever mention Westerling ever again in the books?As far as I know D and D have never been asked about their inventions, but George may , someday tell us.
2876	Bastard of Boston	2013-06-06	I'm a little confused on your part of my saying about boldness and then agreeing what the writers did was to step on Martin's toes. They weren't exactly the same thing. Yes I think some nobody (at the time we meet her) back was sing a king is rather cliche and quite frankly overdone. My point o talking about D&amp;D was saying I felt like they choose this plot as a fuck you to Martin, was because years ago he discussed his dislike for those sorts of fantasy storylines. If your such big lovers of the author like those two claim to be, why exactly would they pick the sort of plot that Martin is said to not like and steers clear of? That's what I was getting at.I don't think Robb couldn't necessarily like a girl that's like Arya, I just think they way they went about this arc made it rather modern and cliche IMO. But the fact so many girls in the show are bad ass just makes me think the writers can't write meek/nice characters like Jeyne and Sansa. (Hence why Sansa is seemingly butchered according to many people's opinion).  I don't see what's wrong with a few more female characters that are like Cat and Sansa.Personally I don't see why they did such a drastic change. (Which is another reason to why I dislike her.) What's wrong with keeping her from Westeros but changing the family she's from (like maybe from the Riverlands) if one of their reasons was to change the daughter of an enemy bannermen part.I just think it's funny because in fact seemingly so many people think she's cliche, and so many think she's a bit to modern for the show, and there's some unsullied that think she doesn't look to fit into the GoT sort of world but yet no one can accept that she is modern and cliche. (This isn't directed at you but in general.) I just wish people would admit that they like her for that reason rather than keep saying she isn't those things. Maybe she wouldn't seem that way if the writing had been better.. I don't know. But when I have unsullied having the same sort of opinion I do, and they don't even know of the change (or they know of the change but haven't read the book to really capture the difference), that kind of shows to me that a lot of what's said against the character is in fact true.That's just my opinion anyway. I don't come across nearly as many people that actually like her or care much for her so that just kind of adds to my thinking.That's fair enough. I don't fault you for feeling that way. Actually, your statement about every woman on the show being portrayed as the "Destiny's Child/Independent Woman" archetype is interesting and something I never really considered. You're not wrong with that. I suppose the show could be helped with a more varied portrayal of its female characters. I think/hope Marge Tyrell may be the answer, as she's someone who has been shown to play this game in a more unique/subtle way, taking advantage of her standing rather than trying to rebel against it.As for D&D, my only point was that I don't think we should all be so quick to vilify anything they do as a shot against GRRM. Are they perfect? Definitely not. But, I don't think any shortcomings or missteps they've had were intentional digs at George. I tend to be sympathetic towards them based on the fact that they're tasked with trying to accomplish an impossible job -- pleasing a very passionate Ice and Fire fanbase. I don't believe they begged George to adapt his baby just so they could purposefully do things to irritate him.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 06 June 2013 - 08:17 PM.
2877	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	No one seems to mention that George (seemed) to know about the change,  from the get go, and hence his invention of Talisa.Because D and D must have run through their version of the RW with him ... they may have been going to have Jeyne Westerling at the RW and George made a substitution.Makes one wonder if GRRM will ever mention Westerling ever again in the books?As far as I know D and D have never been asked about their inventions, but George may , someday tell us.George didn't invent her. I'm sure he knew about her, but I don't think if he objected that meant they would have changed the character. From what Atia- said it sounds like he didn't care for this change. (Which I kind of figured he didn't since it embodied the type of plot he doesn't like in fantasy. I don't see why everyone thinks George invented Talisa. Maybe he didn't have a big plot in mind for the Westerlings in the future so he begrudgingly allowed them the change in character and didn't see it as hurting the plot for her to be killed? Or who knows maybe D&D screwed up and knew Jeyne would play a further part but still wanted to do the RW their way by having baby and momma killed there.But from what he's said in the past about the sort of plot Robb/Talisa have, and what Atia- said to her question at an interview, I don't think he likes the change much.
2878	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	That's fair enough. I don't fault you for feeling that way. Actually, your statement about every woman on the show being portrayed as the "Destiny's Child/Independent Woman" archetype is interesting and something I never really considered. You're not wrong with that. I suppose the show could be helped with a more varied portrayal of its female characters. I think/hope Marge Tyrell may be the answer, as she's someone who has been shown to play this game in a more unique/subtle way, taking advantage of her standing rather than trying to rebel against it.As for D&amp;D, my only point was that I don't think we should all be so quick to vilify anything they do as a shot against GRRM. Are they perfect? Definitely not. But, I don't think any shortcomings or missteps they've had were intentional digs at George. I tend to be sympathetic towards them based on the fact that they're tasked with trying to accomplish an impossible job -- pleasing a very passionate Ice and Fire fanbase. I don't believe they begged George to adapt his baby just so they could purposefully do things to irritate him.I hope maybe they might add more of a variety of female characters but I doubt it since the Greyjoys will be in next season as well as the Martells so it's very doubtful to me they will ever write a decent character that isn't a Dany/Arya/Breeine/etc type. I think part of that is another reason why I dislike the character is because she is exactly like pretty much everyone else. There's really nothing different about her. She's basically just another Shae IMO, (foreigner/back talks/strong willed/etc)I'm not saying they purposely try to do every change to screw up the story, and I'm sorry if it comes off like I hate D&D because I don't. I still like the show for what it is. It just seems shitty when they made a change like that despite the fact it's the sort of love story Martin doesn't like. Plus their clear favoritism of certain characters is frustrating. But I still think they do a good job despite that. It's doubtful we'll ever get another adaption (ever) so it's not like we'll ever have anything to compare it to, so it's just nice to see that there is a show. For the most part I'm quite happy for what it is and also because of the fact it introduced me to the series. (Since I didn't read until after season one.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 08:27 PM.
2879	thegreatwhitebear	2013-06-06	I don't know if someone presented this possibility or not, awful much to read, but hasn't anyone else thought of talisa being from volantis being a plot device to get arya back to westoros after becoming a faceless wo/man. I mean she never met walder frey so technically she could deliver him the gift and all, and I'm sure everyone knows in grrms world that fm r the best assassins.
2880	teemo	2013-06-06	George didn't invent her. I'm sure he knew about her, but I don't think if he objected that meant they would have changed the character. From what Atia- said it sounds like he didn't care for this change. (Which I kind of figured he didn't since it embodied the type of plot he doesn't like in fantasy. I don't see why everyone thinks George invented Talisa. Maybe he didn't have a big plot in mind for the Westerlings in the future so he begrudgingly allowed them the change in character and didn't see it as hurting the plot for her to be killed? Or who knows maybe D&D screwed up and knew Jeyne would play a further part but still wanted to do the RW their way by having baby and momma killed there.But from what he's said in the past about the sort of plot Robb/Talisa have, and what Atia- said to her question at an interview, I don't think he likes the change much.From the way he was talking it was quite clear the only involvement he had was choosing her name.  He said nothing positive nor negative regarding Talisa or Chaplin.  And like I mentioned earlier, he even said, "I guess they thought she was a better character."  It didn't sound at all like he had an active role in replacing Jeyne with Talisa.  Otherwise, he probably would have said that.  And it's a ridiculous notion when people assume that any book reader who hates Talisa or the Talisa/Robb relationship is being a "stupid book purist."  I am 100% positive I would hate their relationship even if I've never read the books.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 09:34 PM.
2881	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	From the way he was talking it was quite clear the only involvement he had was choosing her name.  He said nothing positive nor negative regarding Talisa or Chaplin.  And Like I mentioned earlier, he even said, "I guess they thought she was a better character."  It didn't sound at all like he had an active role in replacing Jeyne with Talisa.  Otherwise, he probably would have said that.  And it's a ridiculous notion when people assume that any book reader who hates Talisa or the Talisa/Robb relationship is being a "stupid book purist."  I am 100% positive I would hate their relationship even if I've never read the books.Even though I wasn't there I had the impression he probably only had involvement in choosing her name. I seriously doubted he would be involved in a plot line like that when he doesn't like those sort of things. I'm honestly not surprised he said nothing either way about Oona or Talisa. Even though he dislikes the change (which I'm pretty confident he does) it would look rather bad for him to dog either the character or actress. So I don't blame him for not coming right out and claiming his dislike, but I think your quote of what he said speaks volumes to what he thinks of the change and doesn't care for t.I agree. I hate that people throw out that label for disliking the change. It's like the only one I really hate out of everything that's been changed. Sure there's some changes I was disappointed in, but none I hate nearly as much as Talisa. I'm quite confident I wouldn't have liked the change either. Especially because I hate the blank looks Oona gives in almost every scene she is in. Not to mention I'm almost one hundred percent sure I would still think the arc modern and cliche even if I hadn't read the books. (Especially since I know unsullied who think that.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 09:37 PM.
2882	Weeping Sore	2013-06-06	Even though I wasn't there I had the impression he probably only had involvement in choosing her name. I seriously doubted he would be involved in a plot line like that when he doesn't like those sort of things. I'm honestly not surprised he said nothing either way about Oona or Talisa. Even though he dislikes the change (which I'm pretty confident he does) it would look rather bad for him to dog either the character or actress. So I don't blame him for not coming right out and claiming his dislike, but I think your quote of what he said speaks volumes to what he thinks of the change and doesn't care for t.I agree. I hate that people throw out that label for disliking the change. It's like the only one I really hate out of everything that's been changed. Sure there's some changes I was disappointed in, but none I hate nearly as much as Talisa. I'm quite confident I wouldn't have liked the change either. Especially because I hate the blank looks Oona gives in almost every scene she is in. Not to mention I'm almost one hundred percent sure I would still think the arc modern and cliche even if I hadn't read the books. (Especially since I know unsullied who think that.)Not quite prepared to give a full-throated defense of Talisa here, but I will defend her Volantis monologue as being borderline great. History has always had people whose consciousness did not align with their time or environment. The slave saving her brother was a convincing epiphany that allowed her to see slaves as people like her, and by extension seeing no real difference between herself and a king. Yes, this seems modern, but there are precedents in history (particularly in religious movements) of these kinds of sentiments.  Robb, having grown up relatively sheltered at Winterfell, and looking for something to set him apart as a different kind of King, was attracted to this. I think it's awfully reductive to just call her a sass-talker.That said, Oona's acting did not have the greatest range, and several scenes felt like real time-wasters, so I understand the frustration.
2883	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Not quite prepared to give a full-throated defense of Talisa here, but I will defend her Volantis monologue as being borderline great. History has always had people whose consciousness did not align with their time or environment. The slave saving her brother was a convincing epiphany that allowed her to see slaves as people like her, and by extension seeing no real difference between herself and a king. Yes, this seems modern, but there are precedents in history (particularly in religious movements) of these kinds of sentiments.  Robb, having grown up relatively sheltered at Winterfell, and looking for something to set him apart as a different kind of King, was attracted to this. I think it's awfully reductive to just call her a sass-talker.That said, Oona's acting did not have the greatest range, and several scenes felt like real time-wasters, so I understand the frustration.I'm not really going to argue much against the scene because I didn't really like it or hate it. But to me it matters little the way she's back talking a king, because it shows how seriously stupid she is. Why would she do this if she knows how slaves are treated across the seas? Obviously Westeros doesn't allow slavery, but surely they've in Volantis how Westerosi are and she must have enough common sense to know its not smart to do such things in a forgein land where her name and presence hold very little matter to the lords and kings.But then again the writing has made this character an idiot from the very beginning so what's the point in arguing her stupidity? This is the same person around maps all the time but doesn't even look to see where Winterfell is, the place she would be living when the war is over.Her sass talking is still rather modern and cliche IMO. It's just the type of story Martin doesn't like in fantasy. 'Girl back talks royalty and the royalty falls for her' it's very.. (I don't want to be repetitive) but very blah and uncreative. As I mentioned above its very frustrating to only have all these bad ass characters which is basically what they made Talisa. What's wrong with having simple/nice/sweet girls? Clearly they can't write those sort of characters and that's why Sansa is pretty much butchered. It's annoying to me they couldn't have kept Jeyne (but tweaked things to make it more about love) and have kept her basically this nice girl Robb ends up falling for (even though the reasoning the married wasn't love). But no instead with basically get another Dany, Breenie, Arya, Yara, Martell, type female. It becomes very tedious. Not to mention the fact Talisa is very bland and basically all she is, is this back talking nurse who's against slavery. There's nothing  that much deeper to her.So I don't think it's the matter of why she sass talks but the very fact she does in the first place. (At least to me. Because I don't care about this character or why since the very fact that she does these things is modern) And she's very dim witted. I'm sorry but I just can't like a character that boring and cliche.Perhaps a different actress might have helped this character, I don't know. I just know, putting the writing aside and how bad/and horrible my opinion is of that, Oona really did nothing to help. She looks so blank faced to me almost all of the time and I couldn't enjoy hardly any scene she was in which is a shame because Michelle and Madden are good actors.
2884	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I'm not really going to argue much against the scene because I didn't really like it or hate it. But to me it matters little the way she's back talking a king, because it shows how seriously stupid she is. Why would she do this if she knows how slaves are treated across the seas? Obviously Westeros doesn't allow slavery, but surely they've in Volantis how Westerosi are and she must have enough common sense to know its not smart to do such things in a forgein land where her name and presence hold very little matter to the lords and kings.But then again the writing has made this character an idiot from the very beginning so what's the point in arguing her stupidity? This is the same person around maps all the time but doesn't even look to see where Winterfell is, the place she would be living when the war is over.Her sass talking is still rather modern and cliche IMO. It's just the type of story Martin doesn't like in fantasy. 'Girl back talks royalty and the royalty falls for her' it's very.. (I don't want to be repetitive) but very blah and uncreative. As I mentioned above its very frustrating to only have all these bad ass characters which is basically what they made Talisa. What's wrong with having simple/nice/sweet girls? Clearly they can't write those sort of characters and that's why Sansa is pretty much butchered. It's annoying to me they couldn't have kept Jeyne (but tweaked things to make it more about love) and have kept her basically this nice girl Robb ends up falling for (even though the reasoning the married wasn't love). But no instead with basically get another Dany, Breenie, Arya, Yara, Martell, type female. It becomes very tedious. Not to mention the fact Talisa is very bland and basically all she is, is this back talking nurse who's against slavery. There's nothing  that much deeper to her.So I don't think it's the matter of why she sass talks but the very fact she does in the first place. (At least to me. Because I don't care about this character or why since the very fact that she does these things is modern) And she's very dim witted. I'm sorry but I just can't like a character that boring and cliche.Perhaps a different actress might have helped this character, I don't know. I just know, putting the writing aside and how bad/and horrible my opinion is of that, Oona really did nothing to help. She looks so blank faced to me almost all of the time and I couldn't enjoy hardly any scene she was in which is a shame because Michelle and Madden are good actors.I guess what I find puzzling is the strong preference for Jeyne who was kind of a non-character. The best I can say about Talisa is there's the germ of a good idea for a character there, but it never really developed. I found exactly two of her scenes convincing- her Volantis monologue and their initial consummation, and the Red Wedding. It's enough to make me feel bad that she's dead.I take your point about the cliche, and even that- I could see a King that had grown bored of always getting his way and no one speaking their mind to be refreshed by honest talk, but not a king as green as Robb. He would still have some slight insecurity in his authority and the last thing he would find attractive is being challenge by a female of uncertain birth.I do not find the female characters on GoT to be monotonous in the slightest, however. Give credit to D&D for some great original scenes with Margaery, for example. But Arya, Brienne and Dany are the same character? Do I really have to make an argument against that? (Ok, the Sandsnakes I always thought were kind of stupid/ one dimensional but that's all on GRRM.)
2885	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I guess what I find puzzling is the strong preference for Jeyne who was kind of a non-character. The best I can say about Talisa is there's the germ of a good idea for a character there, but it never really developed. I found exactly two of her scenes convincing- her Volantis monologue and their initial consummation, and the Red Wedding. It's enough to make me feel bad that she's dead.I take your point about the cliche, and even that- I could see a King that had grown bored of always getting his way and no one speaking their mind to be refreshed by honest talk, but not a king as green as Robb. He would still have some slight insecurity in his authority and the last thing he would find attractive is being challenge by a female of uncertain birth.I do not find the female characters on GoT to be monotonous in the slightest, however. Give credit to D&amp;D for some great original scenes with Margaery, for example. But Arya, Brienne and Dany are the same character? Do I really have to make an argument against that? (Ok, the Sandsnakes I always thought were kind of stupid/ one dimensional but that's all on GRRM.)I don't have a strong preference for Jeyne. What I do think however is they would have been better to stick to the basis of that character and not create a completely new one. Talisa and Ros and great examples of their not so good writing changes. Or Dany's arc season two. So it's not that I prefer Jeyne, I just prefer good writing which Talisa is not. I found the monologue scene very boring to be quite frank even if it was a slightly more convincing scene than most else the actress did. The only one I actually found somewhat convincing was before the deaths in RW. She was way over the top and almost comical in her dying I noticed after the first viewing.I can see your point about a king that's grown bored. I could even see a type like Renly not minding and maybe even finding amusing a woman questioning and speaking their mind. Robb, from what we saw in season one, didn't see like the type to take people questioning him lightly and actually like people challenging his authority. (Among the bit about being young and insecure like you mentioned.)I do give them credit for good changes. I like watching Margaery and Oolena. I just think it's ridiculous there's people on here trying to crucify me for not liking Talisa and for having the reasons, that even some unsullied have. Because, as I've mentioned before, this is one of the very few changes I actually hate/dislike. I love Margaery, and I liked watching Oolena and Tywin, not to mention Arya and Tywin even if its disappointing they haven't shown much of a dark side to Arya. Are there gripes I have about certain changes? Sure. Are there some I might be a bit disappointed in but can understand why they did it? Yes. But there's none I really hate, except for this particular one. Her and Ros are just badly written (among other things) which makes me hate watching them.But no I'm not at all saying they're one dimensional, I can see how it might come off that way but that's far from what I'm getting at. All I meant was those characters are fighting/bad ass/ don't take any shit types. Is that fair enough of a assessment between them? And they threw Talisa right into that category because the writers just can't seem to write a decent female character that doesn't fall into that archetype. That's all I meant. I love Arya and Dany and I definitely don't think they're flat or one deminsional, but they are both the typical speak your mind type. And I don't know about you but it would be refreshing to me to get another character that is like Sansa but that they can actually do a decent job with.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 01:18 AM.
2886	Daske	2013-06-07	The trouble is there is barely a love story out there that you can't call a cliche. Or at least compare to an existing theme that has been used over and over. And this includes a lot that GRRM wrote or that GoT has based theirs on.
What cliched romances could these relate to?
West Side Story/Romeo and Juliet (hint: Star-crossed lover from different sides of the wall, er tracks, find true love against all the odds despite their families being in a bitter fued. Ends badly. Actually, at least two fall into this category, with one likely to end badly).
Pretty Woman/Arthur  (hint: Lively working girl falls for a rich guy bored with life who has given up on true love and sleeps with prostitutes. But rich guy falls for working girl and her sassy ways, and finds some joy in life again.
The King and I (hint: Away from home western woman finds that a harsh eastern ruler has an hitherto unknown tender side, and he falls for the western woman with her kindness and strange notions).
Macbeth: (hint: Ambitious wife gives her husband ideas of grabbing power. Initially reluctant, the husband is won over and attempts to claim the throne. Ends badly).
Cyrano de Bergerac/Roxanne (hint: Unloved guy falls for pretty girl who he thinks is out of his league, but she can see beyond the nose (or fat coward) everyone else sees).
What about when readers add their touch...
Beauty and the Beast (hint: young girl whisked away against her will to a strange castle where she is menaced by a disfigured monster, but she finds the man beneath the scars and true love blossoms).
George is so bad he even stooped to using non-romance storues for his cliched romances...
Citizen Kane (hint: working lad come good finds himself one of the most powerful and influential men in the land, but the thing he really loved more than anything else is that one thing from his childhood and his childhood was lost a long time ago - trust me this will be borne out when Littlefinger's last words are 'Cat'. Darn, gave that one away!).
Admittedly, I can't think of a Jaime/Cersei one. But we know that's special.
Anyway, of course I don't really mean these stories are all badly written - my point is generally 99% of any love stories could be called cliches, but only the Robb-Talisa one gets called out here as a cliche even though you could say that about any of them. We've seen it all before. Robb/Talisa is not lazy writing, some of it has been very realistic, it's just that their one is the most vanilla. And that can be rather boring when compared to all the other interesting and shocking shit that goes down in GoT.
Anyway, last thing while I'm on a soapbox, and a bit more back on topic, there was an interesting documentary on last week about Princess Alice of Battenberg (Britain's Prince Philip's mum) - she had a lively life. Anyway, she joins the ranks of historical battlefield nurses (Greco-Turkish war), and unlike Florence Nightingale or Mary Seacole she was nobility from across the sea, who would have thought?
2887	Castel	2013-06-07	Her sass talking is still rather modern and cliche IMO. It's just the type of story Martin doesn't like in fantasy. 'Girl back talks royalty and the royalty falls for her' it's very.. (I don't want to be repetitive) but very blah and uncreative. As I mentioned above its very frustrating to only have all these bad ass characters which is basically what they made Talisa. What's wrong with having simple/nice/sweet girls? Clearly they can't write those sort of characters and that's why Sansa is pretty much butchered.Because they want to appeal to modern TV viewers. It's why Shae is also a bit of an idiot who has seems to have no real self-awareness about her situation. They're afraid that the work will be slammed for being sexist or having negative portrayals of women. And I wouldn't be surprised. Shae and Jeyne aren't really very interesting and I can see how Shae's vapid submissive attitude would especially grate. So you end up "modernising" these characters and you get idiotic moments like Shae threatening a man that was not only the son the of the most powerful man at camp but had a trained killer pull her from someone else's arms and could murder her without the slightest inconvenience to himself. In fact,they've pretty much stripped all the disturbing subtext from that relationship and made it into an affair with somewhat equal partners for all intents and purposes. Also: another annoying part of Talisa's PoliSci student outlook: she's has a three second memory. She's totally willing to slam Robb for keeping a war going for his own petty reasons (which she backs down off pretty fast) in spite of the suffering of the commons but what is her only choice in the series? Oh yeah, contribute to more potential suffering by marrying the man and helping him break his alliances! Both of them are terrible because the message went right past Robb too.Anyway, of course I don't really mean these stories are all badly written - my point is generally 99% of any love stories could be called cliches, but only the Robb-Talisa one gets called out here as a cliche even though you could say that about any of them. We've seen it all before. Robb/Talisa is not lazy writing, some of it has been very realistic, it's just that their one is the most vanilla. And that can be rather boring when compared to all the other interesting and shocking shit that goes down in GoT.Pretty sure that a lot of other romances would be called out as cliches if anyone gave a shit or that wasn't the point. Romances on network tv or on the big screen aren't called out because no one cares, it's part of the journey. Here..not so much.
2888	teemo	2013-06-07	I think it's clear that D&D think that only badass/rebellious/bratty women can be interesting on television, which I find a bit insulting, not to mention lazy writing and thinking.  Think about it.  Which ones do they give the most screentime to?  Dany, Cersei, Margaery, Brienne, Arya, Ygritte, Olenna, whoever else I'm missing that's important, and then on top of all of that they have to throw Sansa and Cat on the backburner, and completely change Shae and Jeyne, all because they're not 'badass bitches.'  It just seems very uncreative.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 07 June 2013 - 05:55 AM.
2889	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	I'm a little confused on your part of my saying about boldness and then agreeing what the writers did was to step on Martin's toes. They weren't exactly the same thing. Yes I think some nobody (at the time we meet her) back was sing a king is rather cliche and quite frankly overdone. My point o talking about D&D was saying I felt like they choose this plot as a fuck you to Martin, was because years ago he discussed his dislike for those sorts of fantasy storylines. If your such big lovers of the author like those two claim to be, why exactly would they pick the sort of plot that Martin is said to not like and steers clear of? That's what I was getting at.To assert their independence?To correct a very weak plot point in the book?I don't think Robb couldn't necessarily like a girl that's like Arya, I just think they way they went about this arc made it rather modern and cliche IMO.Interesting viewpoint, there.Talisa is 'cliche', yet too  'modern'?And Arya and Cersei wishing they were boys isn't cliche?But the fact so many girls in the show are bad ass just makes me think the writers can't write meek/nice characters like Jeyne and Sansa. (Hence why Sansa is seemingly butchered according to many people's opinion).  I don't see what's wrong with a few more female characters that are like Cat and Sansa.Catelyn is far more like Talisa than she is like Sansa. Cat was always shooting her mouth off.Personally I don't see why they did such a drastic change. (Which is another reason to why I dislike her.) What's wrong with keeping her from Westeros but changing the family she's from (like maybe from the Riverlands) if one of their reasons was to change the daughter of an enemy bannermen part.Perhaps to avoid the 'Talisa (the spy) is Jeyne' theorycrafting?I just think it's funny because in fact seemingly so many people think she's cliche, and so many think she's a bit to modern for the show, and there's some unsullied that think she doesn't look to fit into the GoT sort of world but yet no one can accept that she is modern and cliche.This a medieval fantasy story. A character can't be both cliche AND too modern. If she's too modern, then she is breaking the mould and not cliche.Talisa is far more believeable than Arya OR Dany. Even though I like Dany, she is completely unbelievable as a real person. Arya (whom I dislike) isn't much better.
2890	Veltigar	2013-06-07	I Always thought that Widow by the Waterfront would turn out to be Talissa's mother. That way people could fear about tyrion's wellbeing (kill all Lannisters and shit like that) + it would provide the Widow with a more personal reason to support Dany and invoke a slave rebellion. But it could also be nothing we'ill have to wait untill the letter Talissa wrote is translated.
2891	Veltigar	2013-06-07	I Always thought that Widow by the Waterfront would turn out to be Talissa's mother. That way people could fear about tyrion's wellbeing (kill all Lannisters and shit like that) + it would provide the Widow with a more personal reason to support Dany and invoke a slave rebellion. But it could also be nothing we'ill have to wait untill the letter Talissa wrote is translated.
2892	Castel	2013-06-07	I think it's clear that D&D think that only badass/rebellious/bratty women can be interesting on television, which I find a bit insulting, not to mention lazy writing and thinking.  Think about it.  Which ones do they give the most screentime to?  Dany, Cersei, Margaery, Brienne, Arya, Ygritte, Olenna, whoever else I'm missing that's important, and then on top of all of that they have to throw Sansa and Cat on the backburner, and completely change Shae and Jeyne, all because they're not 'badass bitches.'  It just seems very uncreative.I can see their reasoning though. For certain reasons it's what people expect.  And during the first season most of those women weren't really present. Cat was...problematic. Dany was subservient to Drogo and/or Viserys, Cersei was not particularly threatening and was also sleeping with her brother *shrugs*. Around the time that Shae came on I could see why they changed her I guess. Especially given the use of Ros and the whores as establishing moments for Tyrion and Theon.And no TV exec wants to eat the bad press that'd come with it. It's a much wider audience than fantasy readers and it wouldn't be pretty.This a medieval fantasy story. A character can't be both cliche AND too modern. If she's too modern, then she is breaking the mould and not cliche.Except when breaking the mould  is actually the cliche at this point. and modern is talking about her actions in the context of her world vs. ours. It works.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 06:17 AM.
2893	teemo	2013-06-07	I can see their reasoning though. For certain reasons it's what people expect.  And during the first season most of those women weren't really present. Cat was...problematic. Dany was subservient to Drogo and/or Viserys, Cersei was not particularly threatening and was also sleeping with her brother *shrugs*. Around the time that Shae came on I could see why they changed her I guess. Especially given the use of Ros and the whores as establishing moments for Tyrion and Theon.And no TV exec wants to eat the bad press that'd come with it. It's a much wider audience than fantasy readers and it wouldn't be pretty.[size=4]Except when breaking the mould  is actually the cliche at this point. and modern is talking about her actions in the context of her world vs. ours. It works.Bad press for what?  Not making the women strong enough?
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 07 June 2013 - 06:29 AM.
2894	Daske	2013-06-07	...This a medieval fantasy story. A character can't be both cliche AND too modern. If she's too modern, then she is breaking the mould and not cliche.Talisa is far more believeable than Arya OR Dany....Indeed, if Talisa is unrealistic and therefore not worthy of the show, better get rid of the ultra unrealistic and 'modern' women - Arya, Brienne and Dany?Let's have a realistic show set in the middle ages where the downtrodden serfs farm and sew, stopping only to and bow & scrape to their betters without a word. And all the the women do in the higher classes is whisper to their powerful husbands from behind the curtains or stay at home while hubby goes to war.Like it or loathe it, book or show, that isn't GoT. And it isn't going to be as much fun as Arya's doomgaze or watching Brienne go all Xena or Danny putting a scumbag in his place.To counterbalance this you need a few duller characters who are 'normal' and unfortunately for Talisa that was her lot in the GoT life. I still see no proof of poor or  lazy writing - they wanted a true love story to counterbalance all the killing and torture, and to show that Robb was still a kid in many ways. And that's what they delivered.
2895	Castel	2013-06-07	Bad press for what?  Not making the women strong enough?Yup. though I'm not sure that strong is the word.EDIT: Outspoken?
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 07:28 AM.
2896	Daske	2013-06-07	[size=4]Except when breaking the mould  is actually the cliche at this point. and modern is talking about her actions in the context of her world vs. ours. It works.Brian: I'm not the Messiah! Will you please listen? I am not the Messiah, do you understand? Honestly!Girl: Only the true Messiah denies His divinity.Brian: What? Well, what sort of chance does that give me? All right! I am the Messiah!Followers: He is! He is the Messiah!
2897	Castel	2013-06-07	Amusing, but ultimately irrelevant. It's only funny because of a problem with definitions.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 07:26 AM.
2898	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-07	It's pretty rich of people who think the books are realistic in a character sense to criticise the realism of Talisa. ASoIaF has a Machiavellian pragmatist with sociopathic tendencies, who has three children: a schizophrenic with narcissistic personality disorder (who also is one of the most beautiful women ever), a man who just happens to be the best swordsman of his generation, and a disfigured dwarf with an extremely high intellect.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 07 June 2013 - 07:05 AM.
2899	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	It's pretty rich of people who think the books are realistic in a character sense to criticise the realism of Talisa. ASoIaF has a Machiavellian pragmatist with sociopathic tendencies, who has three children: a schizophrenic with narcissistic personality disorder, a man who just happens to be the best swordsman of his generation, and a disfigured dwarf.You forgot the teenage girl who is immune to fire and controls three dragons.They are actually opposed to Talisa because she's NOT a fantasy cliche.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 07 June 2013 - 07:04 AM.
2900	Daske	2013-06-07	Her sass talking is still rather modern and cliche IMO. It's just the type of story Martin doesn't like in fantasy. 'Girl back talks royalty and the royalty falls for her' it's very.. (I don't want to be repetitive) but very blah and uncreative. As I mentioned above its very frustrating to only have all these bad ass characters which is basically what they made Talisa. What's wrong with having simple/nice/sweet girls? Clearly they can't write those sort of characters and that's why Sansa is pretty much butchered.And yet it was GRRM created the sassiest most backchatty character ever to exist anywhere in Arya (and moreover while disguised as lowborn for most of her life since we met her).
2901	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	And yet it was GRRM created the sassiest most backchatty character ever to exist anywhere in Arya (and moreover while disguised as lowborn for most of her life since we met her).And she's never seriously harmed - despite being surrounded by brutal villains who have shown eagerness to hurt strangers, never mind people who piss them off.Yeah, I don't think charges of Talisa being unrealistic are unbiased.
2902	Castel	2013-06-07	It's pretty rich of people who think the books are realistic in a character sense to criticise the realism of Talisa. ASoIaF has a Machiavellian pragmatist with sociopathic tendencies, who has three children: a schizophrenic with narcissistic personality disorder (who also is one of the most beautiful women ever), a man who just happens to be the best swordsman of his generation, and a disfigured dwarf with an extremely high intellect.It's pretty rich that, in trying to cite unrealistic character types, you cite actual character types. Throwing around psychology buzzwords does not an unrealistic character make. Weak.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 07:41 AM.
2903	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Talisa is far more believeable than Arya OR Dany. Even though I like Dany, she is completely unbelievable as a real person. Arya (whom I dislike) isn't much better.This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read on this site.This tells me your likely never to remotely understand the reasoning for Talisa hate and therefore not worth bothering for me to have to repeat things I've stated over and over.To insult two actual good characters for a horribly written one. Wow
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 07:36 AM.
2904	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read on this site.This tells me your likely never to remotely understand the reasoning for Talisa hate and therefore not worth bothering for me to have to repeat things I've stated over and over.To insult two actual good characters for a horribly written one. Wow"Good" in what sense? I wasn't questioning their entertainment value, but their realism.Do you consider them realistic?
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 07 June 2013 - 07:41 AM.
2905	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	"Good" in what sense? I wasn't questioning their entertainment value, but their realism.Do you consider them realistic?More realistic than Talisa. I could see if your saying there's a couple things that does make them a bit on the unrealistic side (I can already think of two but also a defense in Arya case) but I definitely don't think they're more unrealistic than Talisa. That would be like trying to convince me Joffrey is a nice swee kid.
2906	Castel	2013-06-07	And she's never seriously harmed - despite being surrounded by brutal villains who have shown eagerness to hurt strangers, never mind people who piss them off.Yeah, I don't think charges of Talisa being unrealistic are unbiased.Arya doesn't get harmed because she has the good fortune of first being a Stark and also keeping her mouth shut at opportune times.They are actually opposed to Talisa because she's NOT a fantasy cliche. Seriously? Maybe you're right.Maybe she's not a fantasy cliche. Perhaps she belongs more in the realm of Harlequin romance novels...
2907	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	And yet it was GRRM created the sassiest most backchatty character ever to exist anywhere in Arya (and moreover while disguised as lowborn for most of her life since we met her).And we see that this character has trouble in her world for being a tomboy, that she is constantly running up against expectations for a high born girl and its only through the indulgence of her father that this streak is not thwarted, and of course, she's also a child, not an adult.  We also see that Brienne of Tarth has paid a HUGE price for not living the traditional life.So, I'm not sure what that has to do with Talisa who has a completely modern outlook on life [from where? Volantis, Essos, where slavery is legal, LOL] and she is living a completely modern life of a single woman professional on her own.  She's Carrie Bradshaw in a long dress, and that is not a realistic character for this series.
2908	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Arya doesn't get harmed because she has the good fortune of first being a Stark and also keeping her mouth shut at opportune times.Okay, I am going to let the Stark 'luck' go unmocked, and say that she is remarkable in her inability to keep her mouth shut.She verbaly sparred with Tywin Lannister, for God's sake! Despite him knowing that she was a northern noble, he let her run around handling his food and drink.
2909	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	I love Margaery, and I liked watching Oolena and Tywin, not to mention Arya and Tywin even if its disappointing they haven't shown much of a dark side to Arya. Are there gripes I have about certain changes? Sure. Are there some I might be a bit disappointed in but can understand why they did it? Yes. But there's none I really hate, except for this particular one. But no I'm not at all saying they're one dimensional, I can see how it might come off that way but that's far from what I'm getting at. All I meant was those characters are fighting/bad ass/ don't take any shit types. Is that fair enough of a assessment between them? And they threw Talisa right into that category because the writers just can't seem to write a decent female character that doesn't fall into that archetype. That's all I meant. I love Arya and Dany and I definitely don't think they're flat or one deminsional, but they are both the typical speak your mind type. I was slightly puzzled about Arya and Tywin until you realize it's Tywin who "saves the day" in episode 209, and I think showrunners wanted us to be borderline rooting for him, at least as the take no nonsense guy who gets things done. As for Arya's darkness, I think they've been going for a slower build, we'll see her kill now after the RW. (Similarly, I think Jon Snow is on a longer plan to build his maturity/ competence- seeing some good scenes from Kit now)I think Brienne would prefer to take orders rather than talking back, but she is pushed into it by Jaime's obnoxiousness. All of the characters you're mentioning are high-born and usually speaking to people of equal or lesser status than themselves. As for Talisa, I think we can assume Dorne's "feminist" culture must come partially from their Rhoynar heritage, and Talisa being high-born Rhoynar, it doesn't seem out of place. The population of Volantis is probably greater than The North as well, and as we have seen the Essosi consider themselves more civilized. (Ooh, hereditary titles, how cute!)That said, what was wrong with the Robb getting wounded plot? Talisa could have started off nursing him and being demure at first, and then he pulls out the details that make her somewhat more interesting. It's really the "meet-cute" that was awful. That and Oona's characterization just seemed shallow. But now she's dead. I guess as far as "traditional" women on the show, you've still got Gilly.
2910	Castel	2013-06-07	Okay, I am going to let the Stark 'luck' go unmocked, and say that she is remarkable in her inability to keep her mouth shut.She verbaly sparred with Tywin Lannister, for God's sake! Despite him knowing that she was a northern noble, he let her run around handling his food and drink.Oh, I wasn't thinking of TV!Arya. I was thinking of Book!Arya. The person who mentioned her specifically mentioned that MARTIN (not D&D), created the sassiest character in the series. Book!Arya benefits a lot from her position. Her initial actions go unpunished because she is a Stark. She is saved because she's a Stark, and she escapes Roose and Chiswyck and the rest because she keeps her mouth shut and she has a guardian angel. As for TV!Arya: her "sparring" boils down to that one line repeated in every fucking trailer. "Anyone can be killed", an answer to a question that Tywin asked her. Yes, I'm surprised that Tywin didn't flay her on the spot /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 08:00 AM.
2911	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	And we see that this character has trouble in her world for being a tomboy, that she is constantly running up against expectations for a high born girl and its only through the indulgence of her father that this streak is not thwarted, and of course, she's also a child, not an adult.Besides some minor annoyance, what trouble has she had for being a 'tomboy'? Westeros  has bent over backwards to keep her unharmed.She's one of Martin's darlings, and has a plot shield protecting her.  We also see that Brienne of Tarth has paid a HUGE price for not living the traditional life.Brienne has paid a price, but not a HUGE one. Not in that world. Compared to most characters in GoT, Brienne is not too unbelievable.So, I'm not sure what that has to do with Talisa who has a completely modern outlook on life [from where? Volantis, Essos, where slavery is legal, LOL] and she is living a completely modern life of a single woman professional on her own.  She's Carrie Bradshaw in a long dress, and that is not a realistic character for this series.Slavery is illegal in Westeros as a whole. So, all of Westeros is too modern?
2912	Castel	2013-06-07	Let's also add Brienne to the list of characters who get away with shit because they're noble, right up there with Arya. And also note that when the shit hits the fan and even that is not enough, she also learns the harsh truth.
2913	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	Besides some minor annoyance, what trouble has she had for being a 'tomboy'? Westeros  has bent over backwards to keep her unharmed.She's one of Martin's darlings, and has a plot shield protecting her.Brienne has paid a price, but not a HUGE one. Not in that world. Compared to most characters in GoT, Brienne is not too unbelievable.Slavery is illegal in Westeros as a whole. So, all of Westeros is too modern?You seem to have missed my point, which was where did a Volantis noble acquire the  modern outlook of Carrie Bradshaw, since Essos, especially Volantis is more steeped in tradition than Westeros? You also seem to be confusing plot armour with characterization.  Arya Stark has plenty of plot armour, but that doesn't make her character unrealistic or modern.  Her "adventures" and the fact of all she has gone through and gotten nothing but a couple of beatings can be seen as unrealistic, but her character I don't think is unrealistic at all, not her being a tomboy or her very believable hardening and turning toward violence.
2914	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	You seem to have missed my point, which was where did a Volantis noble acquire the  modern outlook of Carrie Bradshaw, since Essos, especially Volantis is more steeped in tradition than Westeros?You also seem to be confusing plot armour with characterization.  Arya Stark has plenty of plot armour, but that doesn't make her character unrealistic or modern.  Her "adventures" and the fact of all she has gone through and gotten nothing but a couple of beatings can be seen as unrealistic, but her character I don't think is unrealistic at all, not her being a tomboy or her very believable hardening and turning toward violence.Okay. I agree that Arya's mindset is not unrealistic.I disagree that Talisa's is. She told Robb of what changed her attitude towards slavery. In the US, there were Southern abolitionists opposed to slavery.
2915	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	As for Talisa, I think we can assume Dorne's "feminist" culture must come partially from their Rhoynar heritage, and Talisa being high-born Rhoynar, it doesn't seem out of place. The population of Volantis is probably greater than The North as well, and as we have seen the Essosi consider themselves more civilized. (Ooh, hereditary titles, how cute!)That said, what was wrong with the Robb getting wounded plot? Talisa could have started off nursing him and being demure at first, and then he pulls out the details that make her somewhat more interesting. It's really the "meet-cute" that was awful. That and Oona's characterization just seemed shallow. But now she's dead. I guess as far as "traditional" women on the show, you've still got Gilly.Well sorry but there's not exactly another character I can name that's being idiotic enough to run around back talking people of higher rank than them. I guess only show Arya would come close to that.It doesn't matter what reason they attempt to give at least to me because they've still given Talisa this modern outlook while making her rather cliche. She just does to many idiotic things that make Sansa even look very smart. So the fact that she thinks she's better than a king just because he's from Westeros, she's beyond having any sort of sympathy from me.Like I said if the writing was better and the acting maybe they could have pulled off this story line but as it stands and how it played it, it was boring and a massacre to Cat and Robb. IMO.We're bascially in agreement about everything else.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 08:12 AM.
2916	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-07	It's pretty rich that, in trying to cite unrealistic character types, you cite actual character types. Throwing around psychology buzzwords does not an unrealistic character make. Weak.Yeah, a family with an unbelievably beautiful set of twins, one of whom is the greatest swordsmen of his generation, the other of whom is a complete mental case (the two of whom are incestuous together, of course), with a little brother who is not only a dwarf but also completely disfigured and hideous, who just so happens to be incredibly intelligent and witty, with a father who just so happens to be possibly the most cunning man to exist in the realm, is completely realistic. We all know how cunning men tend to produce ugly, beautiful and amazingly gifted/psychopathic offspring, after all.Families like that don't exist. People like Cersei, Jaime, Tyrion and Tywin don't exist. There are far too many extremes and contradictions to their character's.
2917	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Families like that don't exist. People like Cersei, Jaime, Tyrion and Tywin don't exist. There are far too many extremes and contradictions to their character's.Think GRRM is a fan of the Borgias?
2918	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	Okay. I agree that Arya's mindset is not unrealistic.I disagree that Talisa's is. She told Robb of what changed her attitude towards slavery. In the US, there were Southern abolitionists opposed to slavery.Slavery is only element, being against slavery doesn't make her modern, everyone in Westeros is against slavery.What makes her modern is the dialogue they gave her, the "spunky" attitude of trash talking the King in the North when you don't know f**ck all about him, or whether he's going to have you whipped on the spot or how she came to be a single professional woman in a war zone traveling around with apparently no trouble getting money and no worries about her safety.  Her apparently very modern attitude about sex, which contradicts with then why she would marry Robb to begin with.
2919	Daske	2013-06-07	And we see that this character has trouble in her world for being a tomboy, that she is constantly running up against expectations for a high born girl and its only through the indulgence of her father that this streak is not thwarted, and of course, she's also a child, not an adult.  We also see that Brienne of Tarth has paid a HUGE price for not living the traditional life.I don't dispute there can be conequences, but I do dispute the oft-cited claim GRRM hates and/or hasn't written these kind of characters - because he quite clearly has written characters with this very character trait!Let's also add Brienne to the list of characters who get away with shit because they're noble, right up there with Arya. And also note that when the shit hits the fan and even that is not enough, she also learns the harsh truth.Arya is not recognised as a noble for most of the time we have known her so can't be said to get away with it for that reason. And given that Talisa is a semi-disguised noble of some kind there isn't that much difference when all is said and done. And even then I would argue Talisa is merely straight-talking to the decent Robb (i.e. 'war is hell and a nurse should know') rather than the quite blatant back-chatting of Arya - who did it to Tywin of all people a couple of times let's not forget!
2920	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Slavery is only element, being against slavery doesn't make her modern, everyone in Westeros is against slavery.What makes her modern is the dialogue they gave her, the "spunky" attitude of trash talking the King in the North when you don't know f**ck all about him, or whether he's going to have you whipped on the spot or how she came to be a single professional woman in a war zone traveling around with apparently no trouble getting money and no worries about her safety.  Her apparently very modern attitude about sex, which contradicts with then why she would marry Robb to begin with.Yes I hated the scene where she said she never saw herself marrying. I'm like really? Your a highborn woman in a world using marriage as a political gain and your family will never marry you off to put them in a better position? She's the definition of stupid.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 08:21 AM.
2921	Castel	2013-06-07	Yeah, a family with an unbelievably beautiful set of twins, one of whom is the greatest swordsmen of his generation, the other of whom is a complete mental case (the two of whom are incestuous together, of course), with a little brother who is not only a dwarf but also completely disfigured and hideous, who just so happens to be incredibly intelligent and witty, with a father who just so happens to be possibly the most cunning man to exist in the realm, is completely realistic. We all know how cunning men tend to produce ugly, beautiful and amazingly gifted/psychopathic offspring, after all.Families like that don't exist. People like Cersei, Jaime, Tyrion and Tywin don't exist. There are far too many extremes and contradictions to their character's.What? The argument was never about the group of personalities but about how realistic each of those personalities are for their position. And yes, they are pretty realistic. Cersei's reaction to her patriarchial culture, Tyrion's reaction to childhood abuse, Tywin's response to the mockery of his father, they all make sense. As for families not having crazy members...disagree.
2922	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Slavery is only element, being against slavery doesn't make her modern, everyone in Westeros is against slavery.That was my point. You brought up her opposition to slavery as being too modern.What makes her modern is the dialogue they gave her, the "spunky" attitude of trash talking the King in the North when you don't know f**ck all about him,Like the 'spunky' way a little girl talks back to her family's greatest enemy?or whether he's going to have you whipped on the spot or how she came to be a single professional woman in a war zone traveling around with apparently no trouble getting money and no worries about her safety.She's from a rich family, and she wasn't travelling alone.  Her apparently very modern attitude about sex, which contradicts with then why she would marry Robb to begin with.What's her modern attitude about sex? Doing it outside of marriage? How many bastards are made each year in Westeros?She married Robb because she loved him and wanted their child to be legitimate.
2923	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Yes I hated the scene where she said she never saw herself marrying. I'm like really? Your a highborn woman in a world using marriage as a political gain and your family will never marry you off to put them in a better position? She's the definition of stupid.Then so is Arya.
2924	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Then so is Arya.Considering who aryas father is I doubt he would have forced her to marry or at least choose someone in the north who doesn't care about women acting tomboyish. Plus Arya is still a child not a grown woman we don't know for absolute certain if she'll think like that as she grows.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 08:28 AM.
2925	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	That was my point. You brought up her opposition to slavery as being too modern.Like the 'spunky' way a little girl talks back to her family's greatest enemy?She's from a rich family, and she wasn't travelling alone.What's her modern attitude about sex? Doing it outside of marriage? How many bastards are made each year in Westeros?She married Robb because she loved him and wanted their child to be legitimate.No, that isn't what I said, I said where did she get her modern attitude when Volantis is a society that is even more straightjacketed by tradition than Westeros.How many women in the series have sex outside of marriage without a second thought?  Answer:  none.  Why? Because virginity is highly prized, if you recall the only reason Brienne isn't raped is because she is WORTH LESS TO HER FATHER if she's no longer a virgin.  In light of that belief system, Talisa's modern attitude about sex is just that, modern, and out of place.She's anti war, has a modern attitude about sex and yet she marries the King in the North knowing  its going to cost him a huge part of his army?  Sounds quite strange to me, especially since she wasn't pregnant right off the bat.Dany can get away with having sex with Daria because she's a queen and because her family has always put itself above the normal rules of society.There is absolutely no evidence in the show, none, that Talisa was traveling with anyone.
2926	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	No, that isn't what I said, I said where did she get her modern attitude when Volantis is a society that is even more straightjacketed by tradition than Westeros.How many women in the series have sex outside of marriage without a second thought?  Answer:  none.  Why? Because virginity is highly prized, if you recall the only reason Brienne isn't raped is because she is WORTH LESS TO HER FATHER if she's no longer a virgin.  In light of that belief system, Talisa's modern attitude about sex is just that, modern, and out of place.She's anti war, has a modern attitude about sex and yet she marries the King in the North knowing  its going to cost him a huge part of his army?  Sounds quite strange to me, especially since she wasn't pregnant right off the bat.She's in love. People in love do stupid things. That IS realistic.If they are going to keep screwing, she's likely to get pregnant. She didn't want him marrying another woman.Dany can get away with having sex with Daria because she's a queen and because her family has always put itself above the normal rules of society.There is absolutely no evidence in the show, none, that Talisa was traveling with anyone.Yup. The first scene one the battlefield (episode 4, about 9 minutes in), she hops on the back of a wagon that is being led by some guy. She was also working with the Silent Sisters.Even if there wasn't that evidence - you can't assume she was travelling unaccompanied. As you make clear - that would be unrealistic. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
2927	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-07	How many women in the series have sex outside of marriage without a second thought?Asha? Arianne? Sand Snakes?Talisa said in DW,DW that she never expected to marry anyone at all. It stands to reason that she never planned on being "sold" by her family for her virginity.She's anti war, has a modern attitude about sex and yet she marries the King in the North knowing  its going to cost him a huge part of his army?  Sounds quite strange to me, especially since she wasn't pregnant right off the bat.Lyanna was anti-war, helped the poor and weak when she was not required to (see KOTLT) had a feminist attitude to women's rights, marries the Prince despite him already being married (or at least has sex with him and runs away with him) and starts an eventual war over it. It sounds familiar.
2928	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Yup. The first scene one the battlefield (episode 4, about 9 minutes in), she hops on the back of a wagon that is being led by some guy. She was also working with the Silent Sisters.One old man protecting her against a war and men like Bolton? That's VERY realistic.And there's absolutely no mention she works alongside the Silent Sisters. That's assuming to much with no evidence whatsoever to support it.
2929	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	Hopping on a wagon isn't evidence she's traveling with anyone.  If the show wanted to clarify how she was working as a battle nurse in a realistic context, then they should have included that backstory.  They didn't.  Talisa never converses with anyone except Robb, its Robb she asks to get her more supplies, not the Silent Sisters, and if she was traveling with anyone...what the heck happened to them?
Sorry, the show wrote the story in a modern and unrealistic way and it is not up to me to fill in the massive logic holes they created with the Talisa, lone field nurse, from Volantis, talking smack to kings she knows nothing about.
2930	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Oh, I wasn't thinking of TV!Arya. I was thinking of Book!Arya. The person who mentioned her specifically mentioned that MARTIN (not D&D), created the sassiest character in the series. Book!Arya benefits a lot from her position. Her initial actions go unpunished because she is a Stark. She is saved because she's a Stark, and she escapes Roose and Chiswyck and the rest because she keeps her mouth shut and she has a guardian angel.I don't think we can compare book characters to TV show created characters. Different worlds.As for TV!Arya: her "sparring" boils down to that one line repeated in every fucking trailer. "Anyone can be killed", an answer to a question that Tywin asked her. Yes, I'm surprised that Tywin didn't flay her on the spot /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />She talks back to everyone in a postion of power (other than Littlefinger) she runs into. Including the Hound after he kidnaps her.One old man protecting her against a war and men like Bolton? That's VERY realistic.And there's absolutely no mention she works alongside the Silent Sisters. That's assuming to much with no evidence whatsoever to support it.Watch it again.Hopping on a wagon isn't evidence she's traveling with anyone.  If the show wanted to clarify how she was working as a battle nurse in a realistic context, then they should have included that backstory.  They didn't.  Talisa never converses with anyone except Robb, its Robb she asks to get her more supplies, not the Silent Sisters, and if she was traveling with anyone...what the heck happened to them?Watch the battlefied scene again. One of the Silent Sisters is holding the leg of the man whose foot she cuts off.
2931	Daske	2013-06-07	how she came to be a single professional woman in a war zone traveling around with apparently no trouble getting money and no worries about her safety.I've said it before but women travelling with armies is not so unusual - cooks, prostitutes, corpse robbers and so on, and yes nurses. Battlefield nurses (in some wars) are a historical fact. As I mentioned upthread you even have a recent example of royalty getting involved. I'm sure it was dangerous, and didn't happen all the time, but that doesn't mean it's impossible or unrealistic.
					
					
							Edited by Daske, 07 June 2013 - 09:06 AM.
2932	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	I don't think we can compare book characters to TV show created characters. Different worlds.She talks back to everyone in a postion of power (other than Littlefinger) she runs into. Including the Hound after he kidnaps her.Watch it again.Watch the battlefied scene again. One of the Silent Sisters is holding the leg of the man whose foot she cuts off.What does that mean?  Nothing.  Again, if she's working and traveling with the Silent Sisters why is she asking Robb Stark to get her supplies?  We will have to agree to disagree on this point, as I feel you are making excuses for the show failing to include any details that would make her status realistic within the context of Westeros during wartime.  She's never seen with the Silent Sisters again, even though she appears to be now traveling with Robb's army for some reason, whereas before, she must have been traveling with the Lannister forces, or ?? we don't know, because her arc does not make any sense and is not explained by the show.Of course one can make up an elaborate set of rationalizations and invented facts to make her story make sense...but the show didn't bother with this.
2933	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	What does that mean?  Nothing.It means that she was working with them - because we see her working with them.  Again, if she's working and traveling with the Silent Sisters why is she asking Robb Stark to get her supplies?  Because supplies are low, and he's a king, and he's interested in her.We will have to agree to disagree on this point, as I feel you are making excuses for the show failing to include any details that would make her status realistic within the context of Westeros during wartime.  She's never seen with the Silent Sisters again, even though she appears to be now traveling with Robb's army for some reason, whereas before, she must have been traveling with the Lannister forces, or ?? we don't know, because her arc does not make any sense and is not explained by the show.Of course one can make up an elaborate set of rationalizations and invented facts to make her story make sense...but the show didn't bother with this.One can also ignore evidence placed in front of one's eyes.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 07 June 2013 - 09:15 AM.
2934	Castel	2013-06-07	She talks back to everyone in a postion of power (other than Littlefinger) she runs into. Including the Hound after he kidnaps her.The Hound was not going to hurt her. But this is actually a point. It depends on when she started. Did she start doing it after she knew or before? I think after. Before that he was basically as good as dead.The men who wanted to eat her were in cages and as I said, one line to Tywin Lannister when he asked is hardly the sort of suicidal sass that'll get a house hand killed. He asked and he ignored her lying about her home, he was clearly in a good mood. And before that...well, she was a Stark. And even then she got into trouble.But yes, TV! Arya is pretty sassy (not sure I like that word). I'd say that she seems to have a preternatural ability to be mouthy at just the right people at the right times. Book!Arya could also do it. But she often knew better. She held her mouth around Roose and despite having her problems with Chiswyck never crossed the line.
2935	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	The Hound was not going to hurt her. But this is actually a point. It depends on when she started. Did she start doing it after she knew or before? I think after. Before that he was basically as good as dead.The men who wanted to eat her were in cages and as I said, one line to Tywin Lannister when he asked is hardly the sort of suicidal sass that'll get a house hand killed.She back talked him more than once. "Have you known MANY stone masons, milord?"Not killed, maybe, but thrown to the men for raping. He certainly would NOT keep her around. He is not the sort to keep smart mouths around to tell him off. He threatened to kill his cousin who complained about the long hours.He asked and he ignored her lying about her home, he was clearly in a good mood.When has he EVER been in a good mood, besides when Arya is back-sassing him? He was worried about Robb and the war (maybe being the END of the Lannister line). He threatened his own family.Good mood?And before that...well, she was a Stark. And even then she got into trouble.But yes, TV! Arya is pretty sassy (not sure I like that word). I'd say that she seems to have a preternatural ability to be mouthy at just the right people at the right times. Book!Arya could also do it. But she often knew better. She held her mouth around Roose and despite having her problems with Chiswyck never crossed the line.This is a Talisa thread, so I think book characters and actions should be valued less than TV show content.
2936	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	If TV Arya is too spunky and modern then it shows the writers lack vision and insight into the world they're depicting overall.  TV Arya being spunky to Tywin,  none of which was in the books, doesn't excuse or change the fact of the unrealistic nature of Talisa and her on the battlefield smack talk to a total stranger/king.  It only puts the show writers in a worse light, LOL.
2937	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	What does that mean?  Nothing.  Again, if she's working and traveling with the Silent Sisters why is she asking Robb Stark to get her supplies?  We will have to agree to disagree on this point, as I feel you are making excuses for the show failing to include any details that would make her status realistic within the context of Westeros during wartime.  She's never seen with the Silent Sisters again, even though she appears to be now traveling with Robb's army for some reason, whereas before, she must have been traveling with the Lannister forces, or ?? we don't know, because her arc does not make any sense and is not explained by the show.Of course one can make up an elaborate set of rationalizations and invented facts to make her story make sense...but the show didn't bother with this.Do the silent sisters even have a "Red Seven-pointed Star" organization that employs secular nurses? Of course they could always have made Talisa a septa who "didn't think she would marry" (cringe).  I think it's all the effect of D & D not wanting to cast/ deal with her family that they decided to make her a foreigner. If there's a downstream consequence of her murder, it will probably just give further justification to something that was going to happen in the books anyway, not trigger an entirely new plot.
2938	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	If TV Arya is too spunky and modern then it shows the writers lack vision and insight into the world they're depicting overall.  TV Arya being spunky to Tywin,  none of which was in the books, doesn't excuse or change the fact of the unrealistic nature of Talisa and her on the battlefield smack talk to a total stranger/king.  It only puts the show writers in a worse light, LOL.Fine by me. I am not claiming the show is written particularly well. They get some things wrong.I disagree that Talisa is one of those things.
2939	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	Do the silent sisters even have a "Red Seven-pointed Star" organization that employs secular nurses? Of course they could always have made Talisa a septa who "didn't think she would marry" (cringe).  I think it's all the effect of D & D not wanting to cast/ deal with her family that they decided to make her a foreigner. If there's a downstream consequence of her murder, it will probably just give further justification to something that was going to happen in the books anyway, not trigger an entirely new plot.My idea would have been to make Jeyne Westerling older, maybe even a widow who is holding her husband's keep, who is fighting for the Lannisters.This would remove the need for the Westerling family, it could be shot almost the same way, or all they would need is another internal castle set.We would be given a reason why she's alone, why she would be hostile to the King in the North and then the love story, while still a little cliched would have to me made more sense, and then Robb would marry for the same reason he married real Jeyne...because she would be a Westerosi woman whose honor was compromised by out of marriage sex.It wouldnt have worked as well as the original Jeyne, young girl still under control of her family, but would to me have been much closer to GRRM's story and underlying motivations.So, I will go on refusing to admit that "Talisa" was a well done story that makes any sense in context of the story.
2940	Castel	2013-06-07	She back talked him more than once. "Have you known MANY stone masons, milord?"Not killed, maybe, but thrown to the men for raping. He certainly would NOT keep her around. He is not the sort to keep smart mouths around to tell him off. He threatened to kill his cousin who complained about the long hours.When has he EVER been in a good mood, besides when Arya is back-sassing him? He was worried about Robb and the war (maybe being the END of the Lannister line). He threatened his own family.Good mood?Well, good as in "won't throw you to the wolves". Arya was his cupbearer I think she'd know. Tywin definitely had a well of forbearance when dealing with Arya. Contrived maybe but one doesn't call a cupbearer, make innocuous conversation then throw them into the rape pile for very subtle sarcasm. At least,not this guy. Of course, this Tywin Lannister insists on having humanizing moments with a ten year old common cupbearer so...yeah. If TV Arya is too spunky and modern then it shows the writers lack vision and insight into the worldHonestly, in the latest episode I wanted the Hound to laugh and smack her upside the head when she started going on about how she'd stab him in the eye. Oh, I'm sure he's shaking in his boots. I suppose the proximity to her family justifies some lip, though not if the Hound decides she's more trouble than she's worth and slits her throat.
2941	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	[/size]Well, good as in "won't throw you to the wolves". Arya was his cupbearer I think she'd know. Tywin definitely had a well of forbearance when dealing with Arya. Contrived maybe but one doesn't call a cupbearer, make innocuous conversation then throw them into the rape pile for very subtle sarcasm. At least,not this guy. Of course, this Tywin Lannister insists on having humanizing moments with a ten year old common cupbearer so...yeah. [size=4]Honestly, in the latest episode I wanted the Hound to laugh and smack her upside the head when she started going on about how she'd stab him in the eye. Oh, I'm sure he's shaking in his boots.Yeah. I'm pretty sure Talisa wouldn't be making remarks like that.I suppose the proximity to her family justifies some lip, though not if the Hound decides she's more trouble than she's worth and slits her throat.In a logical world, someone should have killed her long ago.
2942	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	Didn't Arya in the books back talk to the Hound?  I know she kept trying to run away, so I'm not sure that is very different...it's also a different context...he's taking her to be sold for ransom...so there is a good chance he won't kill  her no matter what she says.
Not much of a parallel to me of a random foreign nurse who shows up on the battlefield and immediately starts criticizing the King in the North.
2943	Daske	2013-06-07	It's interesting the idea of what 'modern' sensibilities are.
There's no reason (as far as I know) to believe that altruism, pacifism, sarcasm, and flirting are modern inventions.
2944	Daske	2013-06-07	Not much of a parallel to me of a random foreign nurse who shows up on the battlefield and immediately starts criticizing the King in the North.Well she would have done what most girls do and ask her Silent Sister mates what the good-looking guy was like before making her move.
2945	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Didn't Arya in the books back talk to the Hound?  I know she kept trying to run away, so I'm not sure that is very different...it's also a different context...he's taking her to be sold for ransom...so there is a good chance he won't kill  her no matter what she says.Not much of a parallel to me of a random foreign nurse who shows up on the battlefield and immediately starts criticizing the King in the North.I agree. Arya's behaviour is much more reckless.
2946	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	I agree. Arya's behaviour is much more reckless.LOL.  No it is much less reckless.  He intends to ransom her, thus, he needs her alive, there is a built in reason to keep her alive then, because a dead Arya Stark will get him no money, which he desperately needs.  The fact that  he's the Hound and we know, in the book, that he's got rage issues and loves killing is what lends a slight edge to it, but, he was never going to really kill her, because then:  no money.A random nobody going up to a king and telling him his war is BS is a completely different thing, the king has no vested interest in her, she's not even from Westeros, she is literally a nobody.
2947	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	She back talked him more than once. "Have you known MANY stone masons, milord?"Not killed, maybe, but thrown to the men for raping. He certainly would NOT keep her around. He is not the sort to keep smart mouths around to tell him off. He threatened to kill his cousin who complained about the long hours.Tywin invites Arya to be mouthy for the express purpose of humiliating his bannermen. He is absolutely unthreatened by this cupbearer and loses nothing by indulging her somewhat, and much of her back-talk is when they are alone, and nothing would reflect poorly on Tywin.  The scenes serve a purpose, making Tywin seem human, as if he could almost be a good parent to someone who wasn't actually his child. His triumph at Blackwater is less of a downer for the audience, who may come to like/respect him somewhat. For Arya, it shows how desperate she is for a father figure that she would take some enjoyment from serving Tywin, and not sic COOL GIRL'S MURDER FRIEND on him immediately.
2948	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	A random nobody going up to a king and telling him his war is BS is a completely different thing, the king has no vested interest in her, she's not even from Westeros, she is literally a nobody.She's not a nobody. She's a pretty girl, and he's a young man. After a battle, as well.
2949	Cas Stark	2013-06-07	She's not a nobody. She's a pretty girl, and he's a young man. After a battle, as well.Yes, she is a nobody.  She's a random person not even from Westeros, she has no family whose honor anyone would care about.The idea that a pretty girl can walk up to a king and be sassy and smartmouthed and he falls in love with her is exactly the kind of cliches GRRM has tried to stay away from, in fact, he has specifically said he hates this particular trope.
2950	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Yes, she is a nobody.  She's a random person not even from Westeros, she has no family whose honor anyone would care about.The idea that a pretty girl can walk up to a king and be sassy and smartmouthed and he falls in love with her is exactly the kind of cliches GRRM has tried to stay away from, in fact, he has specifically said he hates this particular trope.That's fine. He didn't write it.Stereotypes exist for a reason.
2951	Weeping Sore	2013-06-07	My idea would have been to make Jeyne Westerling older, maybe even a widow who is holding her husband's keep, who is fighting for the Lannisters.This would remove the need for the Westerling family, it could be shot almost the same way, or all they would need is another internal castle set.We would be given a reason why she's alone, why she would be hostile to the King in the North and then the love story, while still a little cliched would have to me made more sense, and then Robb would marry for the same reason he married real Jeyne...because she would be a Westerosi woman whose honor was compromised by out of marriage sex.It wouldnt have worked as well as the original Jeyne, young girl still under control of her family, but would to me have been much closer to GRRM's story and underlying motivations.So, I will go on refusing to admit that "Talisa" was a well done story that makes any sense in context of the story.I like it. Let's start shooting next week, make all the scenes exactly as long as the existing Talisa scenes, and then release a bootleg of GoT S2 & S3 with the home-made Jeyne scenes inserted. I'll be Robb, you can be the widow Jeyne. Or vice-versa.
					
					
							Edited by Weeping lobster, 07 June 2013 - 12:02 PM.
2952	jugdesh258	2013-06-07	methinks we give the producers/writers too much credit in the swap or insertion of a new character.   It could be in response to something dumb like focus group.   Like why did they change Asha to Yara...  Something dumb that we could not connect a reason to having an educated argument in the forum.
After done, its not like they have it all figured out.  Since the new character has no tie to greater story or are they woven into GRRM's master plan, the writers drown in each successive rewrite to cover the original slight.  Without any great plan that contributes to the storyline they are left to dispose of the character in some way like they did to Ros.   We debated over and over what role she would play or who she would replace and then phooey....nada
I think it all boils down to another house in the westerlings not going to be part of the story.  The original slight is that Rob being a foolish young romantic, that he is tempted by exotic woman instead of plain practical frey like his mother wanted.  That is the dialogue he has with his mother.  Whenever Rob did not listen to wisdom of his mother bad things happen.  I could see D&D sitting around at a table...   Well maybe she can come from far off Volantis..... yeah thats the ticket
I do think they used her death to show how vicious the Frey's are for future retribution.  TV viewers will want to see vengeance..  We know why Rob and Cat had it coming because they betrayed a man who already felt slighted by the realm.  Cat said more then once better to not deal with, Trust or Cross Walder Frey
2953	boojam	2013-06-07	A random nobody going up to a king and telling him his war is BS is a completely different thing, the king has no vested interest in her, she's not even from Westeros, she is literally a nobody.A random nobody. How do we know that? She seemed to have the same mysterious unexplained back ground of Bronn and Shae, who I guess we will never find out about?
2954	Castel	2013-06-07	She is a random nobody to Robb though. So is Shae to Tyrion and vice versa (well, not nobody so much as stranger from that end) for that matter yet Shae talks about clawing his eyes out or something (can't remember, that seems a bit OTT).
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 07 June 2013 - 07:47 PM.
2955	Daske	2013-06-08	Yes, she is a nobody.  She's a random person not even from Westeros, she has no family whose honor anyone would care about.The idea that a pretty girl can walk up to a king and be sassy and smartmouthed and he falls in love with her is exactly the kind of cliches GRRM has tried to stay away from, in fact, he has specifically said he hates this particular trope.King meets a straight-talking foreign commoner. They fall in love and have an unarranged marriage against all the wishes of his family, peers and subjects. And it costs him the crown.So preposterous? I give you Edward VIII and Mrs Simpson.
					
					
							Edited by Daske, 08 June 2013 - 09:33 AM.
2956	boojam	2013-06-08	<p><br />King meets a straight-talking foreign commoner. They fall in love and have an unarranged marriage against all the wishes of his family, peers and subjects. And it costs him the crown.<br /><br />So preposterous? I give you Edward VIII and Mrs Simpson.<br />Ha a good one.Lord that was 76 years ago.One wonders, in this non Martin-world of the 21st century if that would even made a headline in England anymore?I think there are plenty in Great Britain would not mind getting rid of that 'window dressing' monarchy?Queen Beatrix of of the Netherlands just abdicated in favor of her son, don't guess that would happen in Westeros.Always brings up Dany becoming sole Queen of Westeros. I am not sure of this , but so far , GRRM has not mentioned as single female ruler in either Westeros or Essos. Anybody ever asked George about that?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 June 2013 - 05:26 PM.
2957	Daske	2013-06-08	One wonders, in this non Martin-world of the 21st century if that would even made a headline in England anymore?I think there are plenty in Great Britain would not mind getting rid of that 'window dressing' monarchy?Although they do still tend to marry into the upper eschlons of British society it's not the huge deal it used to be. William married the girl he met at university after all. If there was any kind of impropriety it would still make massive headlines in the tabloids though, but not be the supposed crisis of the monarchy it was back in Edward's day.The country is probably split down the middle for and against the monarchy in principal - plenty of people do still see the Queen as their liege in a very real way, while a good proportion see her as an anachronism. That said I think it's fair to say that if push came to shove most Brits would say the monarchy are worth holding on to despite being heads of state in name only. Most of the country enjoyed the pomp and glamour of the recent RW for example (the Royal Wedding, not Red Wedding). And seeing the Queen 'jump out' of the helicopter with James Bond at the Olympics was a hoot. I'm not really a royalist myself, but I can see they have some part to play in the national psyche.They are having to move with the times of course. Yes they are privileged, but the youngsters don't lounge about torturing their subjects all day - Harry has done tours of duty in Afghanistan, William is a search & rescue helicopter pilot, and their mum did a lot of important charity work with AIDS organisations and such. The next generation are quite well liked and seem reasonably well-adjusted. Whatever people think about them I don't think the Windsors are going anywhere soon.(Sorry veered way off topic)
2958	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-09	They are having to move with the times of course. Yes they are privileged, but the youngsters don't lounge about torturing their subjects all day - Harry has done tours of duty in Afghanistan, William is a search & rescue helicopter pilot, and their mum did a lot of important charity work with AIDS organisations and such. The next generation are quite well liked and seem reasonably well-adjusted. Whatever people think about them I don't think the Windsors are going anywhere soon.(Sorry veered way off topic)Their 'good works' are hobbies and PR.The Royal Family still exists because the serfs like to dream of living in castles.
2959	Daske	2013-06-09	Their 'good works' are hobbies and PR.The Royal Family still exists because the serfs like to dream of living in castles.I'm not a huge fan of the royalty, but be fair, I wouldn't call fighting for your country in an active warzone a hobby. If we are keeping them as figureheads for nostalgic reasons and to generate tourism revenue, I would rather they are doing things like charity or rescue work that benefits society rather than hunting boar, jousting and collecting mistresses. But that's not to say a system where you are born into such privilege paid for by everyone else is fair or right of course.
2960	The Idiots Lantern	2013-06-23	It seems like nobody liked Talisa. I think she was a good change from the innocent bird-girl Jeyne. I liked that she had a personality of her own, and that she and Robb had an actual RELATIONSHIP before they were married, instead of spending one grief-stricken night together and then getting married arbitrarily to "spare her honor." Never once was Jeyne ever in control of her situation, ever. It's kind of sad and pathetic.
Generally, Talisa was an ADULT. She made her own choices and did things because she wanted to. She traveled from Volantis because she wanted to. She married Robb because she wanted to. She stayed by his side because she wanted to. She wanted to have his child and raise it with him. She was in control of her life, until the moment the Frey guard took that life away.
					
					
							Edited by The Idiots Lantern, 23 June 2013 - 04:29 PM.
2961	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-23	It seems like nobody liked Talisa. I think she was a good change from the innocent bird-girl Jeyne. I liked that she had a personality of her own, and that she and Robb had an actual RELATIONSHIP before they were married, instead of spending one grief-stricken night together and then getting married arbitrarily to "spare her honor." Never once was Jeyne ever in control of her situation, ever. It's kind of sad and pathetic.Generally, Talisa was an ADULT. She made her own choices and did things because she wanted to. She traveled from Volantis because she wanted to. She married Robb because she wanted to. She stayed by his side because she wanted to. She wanted to have his child and raise it with him. She was in control of her life, until the moment the Frey guard took that life away.Absolutely. She was a strong woman without being a killer.
2962	Castel	2013-06-23	It seems like nobody liked Talisa. I think she was a good change from the innocent bird-girl Jeyne. I liked that she had a personality of her own, and that she and Robb had an actual RELATIONSHIP before they were married, instead of spending one grief-stricken night together and then getting married arbitrarily to "spare her honor." Never once was Jeyne ever in control of her situation, ever. It's kind of sad and pathetic.Generally, Talisa was an ADULT. She made her own choices and did things because she wanted to. She traveled from Volantis because she wanted to. She married Robb because she wanted to. She stayed by his side because she wanted to. She wanted to have his child and raise it with him. She was in control of her life, until the moment the Frey guard took that life away.So? Am I supposed to like her more because she chose to have a child with Robb? You're assuming that Jeyne didn't choose to do the same, everything implies that she did. And Robb would never force her to get married nor would anyone wish for her to do so even if it means her getting dishonored.And there was every indication that she and Robb were in love later. So she has agency, you just didn't like the manifestation.Agency=/= likability or reality. Not sure why I should care that Talisa had some illusory sense of purpose.
2963	The Idiots Lantern	2013-06-25	So? Am I supposed to like her more because she chose to have a child with Robb? You're assuming that Jeyne didn't choose to do the same, everything implies that she did.It doesn't matter what she chose: she had no control over her body. Her mother was drugging her and effectively making the choice for her.And Robb would never force her to get married nor would anyone wish for her to do so even if it means her getting dishonored.The idea that Jeyne could somehow have chosen not to marry him is rediculous. She's already slept with him. It's a choice between marrying him or being shamed and bringing dishonor on her family forever and ever. She can't go against the will of her king and her family.  A noble girl who is not a virgin cannot hope to get a good marriage, so she had to either marry now, and marry the man she'd lost her virginity too, or be tarnished goods forever. Maybe she wanted to stay with him, but her wants didn't really matter.And there was every indication that she and Robb were in love later.She and Robb are also teenagers who are discovering their sexuality together, and when your 14 sex can easily be mistaken for love. And coming to love each other later doesn't change that both she and Robb were powerless pawns in their own marriage.So she has agency, you just didn't like the manifestation.You don't have agency if none of your decisions matter. At every turn Jeyne did her family's bidding, and none of her "choices" really changed anything. She didn't have any real control over her situation.Like or hate Talisa, at least I never got the impression that she wasn't in control of her own life. Until they took it, that is.
					
					
							Edited by The Idiots Lantern, 25 June 2013 - 03:31 PM.
2964	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-25	You don't have agency if none of your decisions matter. At every turn Jeyne did her family's bidding, and none of her "choices" really changed anything. She didn't have any real control over her situation.What choices of hers honestly changed anything? (Talisa I mean). None of her choices mattered either. The only big change was the show writers decided to give her the whole being pregnant thing. Nothing she did, choice wise, is really better than Jeyne because neither, in hindsight, make any choices that really amount to anything. Just because Talisa had more of a choice doesn't mean she did anything of actual importance. (I guess you could say her healing people is something but what does that really matter when the only people she tended to that we even semi knew was the Lannister boys.) but none of her choices really affected anything. So whether she had a choice or Jeyne going along with her family neither really change anything.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 25 June 2013 - 09:34 PM.
2965	The Idiots Lantern	2013-06-26	What choices of hers honestly changed anything?Lets see...She chose to leave Volantis, resulting in her being in Westeros in the first place.She chose to nurse the injured soldiers, probably saving lives.She chose to snark at Robb, resulting in him remembering her.She chose to keep talking to him, resulting in the blossoming relationship between the two of them.She chose to marry him, even though she knew he'd been promised to someone else.She chose to stay with him during the war, even though it was dangerous. Every single choice she makes changes things for her and for Robb.At any of these points, she was free to chose otherwise. She has a home waiting for her in Volantis. She could pack up and go back at any time. She choses not to.At no point is Jayne free to do anything other then exactly what she ends up doing. Which is probably why Jeyne is spared, and Talisa dies with her husband and son. The world of Ice and Fire has no mercy on those who strive to control their own fates.
					
					
							Edited by The Idiots Lantern, 26 June 2013 - 04:09 PM.
2966	Castel	2013-06-26	The idea that Jeyne could somehow have chosen not to marry him is rediculous. She's already slept with him. It's a choice between marrying him or being shamed and bringing dishonor on her family forever and ever.You seriously believe that marrying Robb when the Tywin Lannister is around the corner is brings less dishonor than going the route of that woman who was raped in the books and marrying some ambitious knight somewhere? And what does it matter? She chose to sleep with Robb. Nowhere does it say that agency is freedom from causality.She can't go against the will of her king and her family.Robb is not her king. She did go against the will of her true king, Joffrey. Or more importantly, Tywin. Her family is probably not happy about their new position at all, allied with an enemy when their liege punishes treason with complete destruction. If they were happy their mother wouldn't have drugged her.A noble girl who is not a virgin cannot hope to get a good marriage, so she had to either marry now, and marry the man she'd lost her virginity too, or be tarnished goods forever. Maybe she wanted to stay with him, but her wants didn't really matter.It's still what we would call a choice, and she made it. She could have gone Lollys. It probably would have been better for everyone. She didn't. Regardless, again, she did not trip and fall on Robb's penis. She did not suddenly lose her maidenhead in some magical accident. She chose to do it. This whole thing was set off by her. I find it strange that you're ignoring this.She and Robb are also teenagers who are discovering their sexuality together, and when your 14 sex can easily be mistaken for love.Or it could just be love unless there's any reason to think otherwise. This pedantry about X "only thinking they're in love" is pointless.And coming to love each other later doesn't change that both she and Robb were powerless pawns in their own marriage.Except no? Seriously, you have a weird definition of powerless. Both parties could have done otherwise, they deliberately picked out the most inexpedient path.She chose to leave Volantis, resulting in her being in Westeros in the first place.She chose to nurse the injured soldiers, probably saving lives.You mean like Jeyne nursed Robb?She chose to snark at Robb, resulting in him remembering her.She chose to keep talking to him, resulting in the blossoming relationship between the two of them.She chose to marry him, even though she knew he'd been promised to someone else.She chose to stay with him during the war, even though it was dangerous. Every single choice she makes changes things for her and for Robb.As opposed to Jeyne who just nursed then slept with Robb (resulting in him remembering her :|) , married him (knowing he was promised to someone else) and stayed with him. Her choices don't really change anything right? The change can not have been that great when the character you're claiming has no agency is achieved the same thing causally as Talisa.And agency based on "she talked to the boy and the boy noticed her" is funny I have to say.Your argument really only works if one buys that Jeyne had no agency in the first place.Like or hate Talisa, at least I never got the impression that she wasn't in control of her own life. Until they took it, that is.The rest of my argument is basically pedantry. The important question is: so? Even if this is true why does this matter? Why is this a defense? Talisa is really just as morally bankrupt or perhaps better to say politically disastrous as Jeyne. In fact, more so. Jeyne was a child. Talisa is bankrupt by her own moral code, the same code she used to slam Robb early on, only to ignore when it "suited" her. From then on...nothing. Just hamfisted attempts to get us to care for her.The country is probably split down the middle for and against the monarchy in principal - plenty of people do still see the Queen as their liege in a very real way,Why on Earth anyone would want to do this is beyond me.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 26 June 2013 - 05:03 PM.
2967	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-26	Lets see...She chose to leave Volantis, resulting in her being in Westeros in the first place.She chose to nurse the injured soldiers, probably saving lives.She chose to snark at Robb, resulting in him remembering her.She chose to keep talking to him, resulting in the blossoming relationship between the two of them.She chose to marry him, even though she knew he'd been promised to someone else.She chose to stay with him during the war, even though it was dangerous. Every single choice she makes changes things for her and for Robb.At any of these points, she was free to chose otherwise. She has a home waiting for her in Volantis. She could pack up and go back at any time. She choses not to.At no point is Jayne free to do anything other then exactly what she ends up doing. Which is probably why Jeyne is spared, and Talisa dies with her husband and son. The world of Ice and Fire has no mercy on those who strive to control their own fates.I'm talking about what choices affect the story. In no way does it change anything from how it went with Jeyne. That was my point. Eta; aside from them idiotically changing it to where she went to the wedding and her death.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 26 June 2013 - 04:55 PM.
2968	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-26	Why on Earth anyone would want to do this is beyond me.It is because peasants like to dream of living in castles. No one dreams of being an equal.
2969	The Idiots Lantern	2013-06-26	I'm talking about what choices affect the story. In no way does it change anything from how it went with Jeyne. That was my point.It's the opposite of how things went with Jeyne, unless you count the Plot Important Thing of Robb's Breaking his word to Walder Frey. Really, that had to happen for the story to go where we know it's going to go. Other then that, and the fact Robb loved both of them, the two characters are pretty much opposites. Jeyne is sweet, ignorant, weak-willed and oblivious. Talisa is assertive, adventurous, strong-willed and idealistic. Jeyne is from an old Northern family, Talisa isn't even from Westeros at all. The story went where it had to go, because Talisa made choices that actually got it to go there.Eta; aside from them idiotically changing it to where she went to the wedding and her death.What's idiotic about it? Are you one of the "Jeyne Westerling is pregnant" people? Because that theory was always kinda B.S. Blackfish did not rescue the real Jeyne, he will not bring Robb's son from the wilderness to avenge his father, and all "evidence" to the contrary is fans seeing what they want to see.Besides, Rikkon is the one who's going to bring back the Starks. Long live the Black Wolf.You seriously believe that marrying Robb when the Tywin Lannister is around the corner is brings less dishonorShe's from Volantis and she's actively scornful of the arguments between Westerosi lords. What does she care about Tywin Lannister? She married Robb because she wanted to, and one thing she was not was not concerned about was honor. She never gave it a thought.than going the route of that woman who was raped in the books and marrying some ambitious knight somewhere?Talisa isn't in the books so you'll have to explain this statement. Do you mean Tysha?And what does it matter? She chose to sleep with Robb. Nowhere does it say that agency is freedom from causality.I agree. But at least she could have theoretically chosen differently. There was nobody standing over her shoulder with their love potions and their contraceptives, making sure everything went according to plan.Robb is not her king.Yes he is. That's why he was staying in the Westerling house. Her family, on the other hand, wanted to be on the winning side.She did go against the will of her true king, Joffrey. Or more importantly, Tywin. Her family is probably not happy about their new position at all, allied with an enemy when their liege punishes treason with complete destruction. If they were happy their mother wouldn't have drugged her.Her family was probably  thrilled to be in a position to win no matter what happened. If Robb won the war, well, their daughter is Queen and their house is now one of the most powerful in the North. If, as it happened, it looks like Robb is not going to win, they are well-placed to do Lord Tywin a few favors he won't forget, like make sure Robb has no heirs and loses the alliance of the Freys... A Lannister always pays his debts.With all this at stake, I think her mother would definitely have drugged her daughter with a love potion and thrown her at the grief-stricken lad. Or maybe she didn't have to. Maybe she saw her daughter sighing over the handsome young king and saw an opportunity. We'll probably never know for sure.It's still what we would call a choice, and she made it. She could have gone Lollys. It probably would have been better for everyone. She didn't. Regardless, again, she did not trip and fall on Robb's penis. She did not suddenly lose her maidenhead in some magical accident. She chose to do it. This whole thing was set off by her. I find it strange that you're ignoring this.I find it strange that you forget that this was a moment of extreme vulnerability for both of them. Robb had just learned of the sack of Winterfell and the deaths of his brothers. Jeyne wanted to comfort him in his grief. And momma just happens to have the potions on hand to make both of them "feel better" when their judgement was already impaired.I know I'm guessing when I say that Momma drugged Jayne as well: she probably didn't have to; hormones could have done the work for her. Maybe she just made the most of an opportunity, knowing what happens between young people at moments of weakness and knowing that loosing the Freys will be a blow to Robb and Lannisters always pay their debts...Or it could just be love unless there's any reason to think otherwise. This pedantry about X "only thinking they're in love" is pointless.It's also irrelevant. Jeyne was never free to leave Robb. Where would she go? What becomes of disgraced, deflowed noble girls?Except no? Seriously, you have a weird definition of powerless. Both parties could have done otherwise, they deliberately picked out the most inexpedient path.Neither party could do otherwise. If Jeyne doesn't marry him, she's stigmatized for life. If Robb doesn't marry her, his Stark Honor has to deal with his "taking adventage" and ruining the life of this innocent girl who wanted nothing more then to help him. They both did their duty.You mean like Jeyne nursed Robb?Without the obvious ulterior motive.As opposed to Jeyne who just nursed then slept with Robb (resulting in him remembering her :|) , married him (knowing he was promised to someone else) and stayed with him.None of which was really her idea. Her mother masterminded it all.Her choices don't really change anything right? The change can not have been that great when the character you're claiming has no agency is achieved the same thing causally as Talisa.Except Talisa was free to leave, so every moment she spent with Robb was her choice. Jeyne never had that option.And agency based on "she talked to the boy and the boy noticed her" is funny I have to say.It's better then "the boy and girl slept together once, so now they're married." At least Robb and Talisa have a RELATIONSHIP before they get hitched.Your argument really only works if one buys that Jeyne had no agency in the first place.You have proof that she did, knowing what we know of her mother?The rest of my argument is basically pedantry. The important question is: so? Even if this is true why does this matter? Why is this a defense? Talisa is really just as morally bankrupt or perhaps better to say politically disastrous as Jeyne. In fact, more so. Jeyne was a child.And Talisa is an adult. An adult who, through her good intentions and noble ideals, causes an atrocity to occur. This is a common theme in Game of Thrones. Those who stand up for higher ideals get cut down brutally. If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.Talisa is bankrupt by her own moral code, the same code she used to slam Robb early on, only to ignore when it "suited" her. From then on...nothing. Just hamfisted attempts to get us to care for her.Successful ones, in my case. I knew she had to die, so her displays of strength and will were that much sadder. She married Robb knowing he wasn't perfect but deciding to work with him to make things better. He'd convinced her of his noble intentions and she was going to help him realize them. We can add her to the list of people who's intrinsic goodness get her brutalized in the end.
					
					
							Edited by The Idiots Lantern, 26 June 2013 - 07:39 PM.
2970	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-26	It's the opposite of how things went with Jeyne, unless you count the Plot Important Thing of Robb's Breaking his word to Walder Frey. Really, that had to happen for the story to go where we know it's going to go. Other then that, and the fact Robb loved both of them, the two characters are pretty much opposites. Jeyne is sweet, ignorant, weak-willed and oblivious. Talisa is assertive, adventurous, strong-willed and idealistic. Jeyne is from an old Northern family, Talisa isn't even from Westeros at all. The story went where it had to go, because Talisa made choices that actually got it to go there.What's idiotic about it? Are you one of the "Jeyne Westerling is pregnant" people? Because that theory was always kinda B.S. Blackfish did not rescue the real Jeyne, he will not bring Robb's son from the wilderness to avenge his father, and all "evidence" to the contrary is fans seeing what they want to see.Besides, Rikkon is the one who's going to bring back the Starks. Long live the Black Wolf.Talisa more of a  realistic thinker? Lmfao. That dumbass couldn't even look on a map to see where Winterfell is. Her and Robb decide its smart for a pregnant woman to go to a house of a family they scorned. Neither have any regrets over scorning the house. This is the same girl that also never saw herself marrying which isn't idealistic considering the world. Surely her family would have her marry at some point so her saying that is wrong on so many levels.And honestly you can't really say Jeyne is weak willed. Obviously she and Robb were still children in the books. There's not much she could have really done differently. The fact they are so young and yet bold in marrying their enemy, and the fact she openly defied her mother in front of Jaime I wouldn't call her being weak for that. It would take guts to make a stand like that. And as mentioned above Talisa is just as oblivious as they're stupid enough to have her go to the wedding when it really isn't a smart choice, at all. And she is obviously oblivious and very ignorant to Westerosi customs which she should be learning since her husband is from Westeros.Any way you decide to slice the pie Talisa really isn't all that better than Jeyne. She doesn't have much more of a backstory, we know only a little about both. (But I would argue we should have known more about Talisa and we knew all we needed to of Jeyne.) She just has a differently personality but is just as much of a plot device.Oh and no I'm not one of those people. Sure I would have liked Jeyne to be pregnant but I know it's very highly unlikely. I'm just saying how straight up stupid the characters were to think it was smart for her to go before the Freys, the woman who helped scorn their family by marrying Robb. That's all. I very much agree about Rickon. I want him to lead on House Stark.(I don't think it's unrealistic that Blackfish could have taken Jeyne with him though. She's his great nephews? Wife. There's no mention of her sister after the meeting with Cat in book three so its possible. But even so I don't think she's pregnant.)The fact you only listed four traits for each kind of proves there's not to much more to Talisa than there was Jeyne. They just have different personalities, but again both are plot devices. (I do think some of your Jeyne listings is a bit simplified and wrong though.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 26 June 2013 - 08:06 PM.
2971	Castel	2013-06-26	She's from Volantis and she's actively scornful of the arguments between Westerosi lords. What does she care about Tywin Lannister? She married Robb because she wanted to, and one thing she was not was not concerned about was honor. She never gave it a thought.I meant Jeyne Westerling, someone who has every reason to care about Tywin Lannister.Talisa isn't in the books so you'll have to explain this statement. Do you mean Tysha?Jeyne again.I agree. But at least she could have theoretically chosen differently. There was nobody standing over her shoulder with their love potions and their contraceptives, making sure everything went according to plan.And? You realize I'm talking about Jeyne right? And that that love potion stuff is just fandom speculation.Yes he is. That's why he was staying in the Westerling house. Her family, on the other hand, wanted to be on the winning side.He was staying there because he took the castle in battle. That's all. They're actually vassals of Tywin.Her family was probably  thrilled to be in a position to win no matter what happened. If Robb won the war, well, their daughter is Queen and their house is now one of the most powerful in the North. If, as it happened, it looks like Robb is not going to win, they are well-placed to do Lord Tywin a few favors he won't forget, like make sure Robb has no heirs and loses the alliance of the Freys... A Lannister always pays his debts.The deal was arranged afterwards because they were so shit scared of Tywin burning them to the ground.With all this at stake, I think her mother would definitely have drugged her daughter with a love potion and thrown her at the grief-stricken lad. Or maybe she didn't have to. Maybe she saw her daughter sighing over the handsome young king and saw an opportunity. We'll probably never know for sure.Right, so...you construct theories based on fandom speculation and then use them to invalidate decisions? Fair enough. I choose to go with the simplest explanation.I find it strange that you forget that this was a moment of extreme vulnerability for both of them. Robb had just learned of the sack of Winterfell and the deaths of his brothers. Jeyne wanted to comfort him in his grief. And momma just happens to have the potions on hand to make both of them "feel better" when their judgement was already impaired.Once again:fandom speculation. So your entire case for Jeyne having no agency depends on this one particular idea?I know I'm guessing when I say that Momma drugged Jayne as well: she probably didn't have to; hormones could have done the work for her. Maybe she just made the most of an opportunity, knowing what happens between young people at moments of weakness and knowing that loosing the Freys will be a blow to Robb and Lannisters always pay their debts...So? Again, making a decision does not free you of causality.It's also irrelevant. Jeyne was never free to leave Robb. Where would she go? What becomes of disgraced, deflowed noble girls?The same thing that happened to Lollys. They marry some up-jumped knight. It's a hell of a lot better than getting everyone you know killed by Tywin Lannister.Neither party could do otherwise. If Jeyne doesn't marry him, she's stigmatized for life. If Robb doesn't marry her, his Stark Honor has to deal with his "taking adventage" and ruining the life of this innocent girl who wanted nothing more then to help him. They both did their duty.I think you're severely overestimating the amount of duty involved. Marrying Robb is a dangerous political move that could be the end of the Westerlings. And Robb...has no reason at all to marry her. He can simply move on, he can offer to take her as a mistress, he can just go away and let her deal with it They can pretend that it didn't happen and quickly marry her off to someone to hungry to know or care.And no one will give a fuck. Or rather, they won't give a measurable fuck.All this talk of honor is bullshit, when push comes to shove people expect this shit from nobles and will be glad that their king didn't let one of their most important alliances get fucked up because of some Lannister vassal's daughter.You're greatly over-selling the pressures on Robb here. The idea that he has no choice here is baffling.Without the obvious ulterior motive.None of which was really her idea. Her mother masterminded it all.As far as we know, Jeyne's mother wrote to Tywin after the fact and started drugging her to avoid children. This whole "Jeyne's mother is Palpatine" is convenient for your argument but again, unconvinced.Except Talisa was free to leave, so every moment she spent with Robb was her choice. Jeyne never had that option.Jeyne chose to stay.It's better then "the boy and girl slept together once, so now they're married." At least Robb and Talisa have a RELATIONSHIP before they get hitched.Better in what regard? Because it conforms to what you expect of a love story? Both are contrived situations, I'd argue that Westerners are simply already primed for the Robb/Talisa story. Doesn't make it better.You have proof that she did, knowing what we know of her mother?If you wish to turn Jeyne's mother into some sort of demonic spider-monster pulling every string of her personality and removing any free will you're free to do so,I remain skeptical.And Talisa is an adult. An adult who, through her good intentions and noble ideals, causes an atrocity to occur. Good intentions? What good intentions? Bullshit. She wanted to get married to someone she loved and she did it. Bigger concerns didn't factor, because she would have known that she offered nothing from a realpolitik standpoint.This is a common theme in Game of Thrones. Those who stand up for higher ideals get cut down brutally. If you think this story has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.What higher ideals? Oh Robb, you can't fight a war based solely on revenge because innocent people die! But we can get married and ruin an important alliance because we're in lurrrvv. Come on /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> ...Successful ones, in my case. I knew she had to die, so her displays of strength and will were that much sadder. She married Robb knowing he wasn't perfect but deciding to work with him to make things better. He'd convinced her of his noble intentions and she was going to help him realize them. We can add her to the list of people who's intrinsic goodness get her brutalized in the end.And she did about..nothing to make things better. Why? Because she really couldn't. She basically got pregnant and seemed to completely recede from anything important. Kinda like Jeyne...Well, that's not completely fair. She stood there and looked sad as Robb decided to kill Karstark. Something Jeyne would totally be incapable of.And no, her intrinsic goodness did not get her killed. Sorry, if she was saving lives on the field and died we'd have a discussion but she was killed for being part of an insult to an ally...by marrying a "taken" king. This had nothing to do with goodness. It was a decision by Talisa for Talisa. Same goes for TV!Robb really.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 27 June 2013 - 06:34 AM.
2972	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-26	Successful ones, in my case. I knew she had to die, so her displays of strength and will were that much sadder. She married Robb knowing he wasn't perfect but deciding to work with him to make things better. He'd convinced her of his noble intentions and she was going to help him realize them. We can add her to the list of people who's intrinsic goodness get her brutalized in the end.Absolutely. She was one of the few truly good characters, and I am sorry she's gone.Robb said Ned would have liked her, and he was right.
2973	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-27	Absolutely. She was one of the few truly good characters, and I am sorry she's gone.Robb said Ned would have liked her, and he was right.Ned would have liked someone that caused his son to break his word. That they both married just for love, and because they wanted to, when it meant being dishonorable. That's hilarious.I don't see what's so good about being selfish. But then again who in the real world isn't selfish, so eh.The fact people are so sad by her being gone is baffling seeing as she didn't actually contribute to the story. She was just there because Robb had to break his word. I mean honestly what more could they have done with her in the show? In the books they could get away with not speaking about Jeyne much at all. Really the only thing they could do was kill her and it was quite fitting. Both her and Robb deserved to die (at least show Robb) because they were so selfish and didn't care they wronged someone.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 27 June 2013 - 11:55 PM.
2974	ViserionsFire	2013-10-26	You don't just murder a Maegyr of Volantis at a wedding and get away with it. I would be shocked if Talisa's storyline goes away. When she is first introduced to Catelyn, Talisa indicates that her name carries weight back in her mother country. Other than the name, the show hasn't given any indication that Talisa is related to Malaquo Maegyr, one of the ruling Triarch's of Volantis, but you have to assume they're related. While Malaquo Maegyr has plans of dethroning Daenerys in the novels, it's not too farfetched to envision the show diverging from the books here. GRRM himself suggested the surname Maegyr for Talisa's character. In the show canon, we know that Talisa deplores slavery. I don't think bit of her backstory was added as merely an aside. In the show, there could be a future alliance between Daenerys and Volantis based on mutual interest. Volantis wants Daenerys out of Essos and Volantis wants revenge for the murder of Talisa. Daenerys wants to invade Westeros and could use the help from Volantis. The anti-slavery connection between Talisa and Daenerys would be a good way for Volantis to appeal to Daenerys moral interests. Farfetched, yes, but not logically divergent.


Legs, I think your all over this plot line. This is the one that make the most sense to me too. As I'm late to the party of this tread, after some reading and reasoning, this line of reasoning has the best potential to tie the book and series plots together.
2975	Inevittable	2013-06-13	[book spoilers] PhD research thread: Mental images following the Red Wedding on screenHello all,I am currently studying towards a PhD in Media, Culture and Communication at Keele University.  My project title is <U+0091>An online ethnography of the fan community of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels and the Game of Thrones television adaptation<U+0092> and my aim is to investigate the history and current practices of the fan community of A Song of Ice and Fire and Game of Thrones.  With the permission of the owners of this website I am initiating this thread to try and encourage discussion about the topic described below.An information sheet is available here, which will hopefully address any questions you may have about the research.  The information sheet contains information about the research process, and also information about how your posts to this thread will be used.  You are under no obligation to take part, however your help in the project would be much appreciated.  By posting in this thread you are agreeing to the statements on the consent sheet which is part of the information sheet linked to above.  By posting in the thread you are agreeing that you are over 18.If you have any queries please let me know.  PS: There is a thread here which you are very welcome to join to discuss the research project or ask questions.After the Red Wedding on screenThis thread follows discussion that took place before The Rains of Castamere aired. Now that we<U+0092>ve seen the Red Wedding during The Rains of Castamere I<U+0092>d like to prompt a discussion about your mental images of the Red Wedding compared to how it was shown on screen.   I<U+0092>d be especially interested if you could concentrate on the events that happened inside the hall.  Here are a few sample questions to kick things off, but as usual feel free to bounce ideas around or skip questions you don't have an answer for.Can you summarise the differences between the Book!RedWedding and the Show!RedWedding in less than 50 words?How did the scene match up to how you imagined it while reading?Had your expectations of the scene changed since the show started?How high/low do you rate the overall quality of the scene?When you think about the scene now, do you think about the book or the show?These questions are just a guide, and I encourage an open discussion so you don<U+0092>t have to stick to them rigidly.  I<U+0092>ll post my own answers to the questions later, but would rather if you all took the lead to start.Many thanks,Inevittable
2976	Inevittable	2013-07-15	A gentle *bump*
2977	Wrikudoro	2013-09-29	Oh my god. No reply? Are you still wanted the answer now?

I give mine though.

To be honest, I watched the show first and then read the book. The wedding did shocking but I never quite got around to sympathize Robb's cause and honestly I kind of relieved when he's finally out of the picture. Still, the event is terrible and nobody deserves that kind of fate. The difference between the show and the book is probably the point of view. In the show, you watched the scene as other ... entity - separated, unattached from it (despite how awful it made your night lol). In the book, you involve in the scene as Catelyn, so you know her thoughts and desperation throughout the whole ordeal. Plus, in the book Robb was married to another woman whom he left at Riverrun, and Catelyn killing a different person.

That being said, although the scene differed here and there, I guess the awfulness is more or less the same. The show succeeded in picturing THE FEELING of the scene without following every details from the book. So I guess, kudos to the creators.

As I said, I watched first and then read, so I haven't any expectations prior to the show. But after reading, I was more touched with the book, since it told you Catelyn's thoughts, her prayers to her late husband, her mentioning the name of her childrens by heart, it was more heartbreaking for me.

The scene is of high quality. The non reader fans still got the total desperation of the event, so I guess it works admirably as an standalone artwork.

I still think of the show when I pictured the scene, no matter how I liked the book more. Maybe because I watched the show first so it kinda shape my way to picturing the world, or the scene was masterfully done, I cannot tell for sure.

					
					
							Edited by Wrikudoro, 29 September 2013 - 09:47 PM.
2978	Wrikudoro	2013-10-01	gentle *bump*?
2979	go joff go	2013-06-02	Lets give a hand to one of the youngest actors on the show for stealing the Bran scene he was in tonight.  Fantastic job by the kid.
2980	ebevan91	2013-06-02	I teared up during that scene, then the scene with Grey Wind dying was even worse /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2981	Newstar	2013-06-02	Yeah, seriously. I was all, "Wow, he can act." Nina Gold, ladies and gentlemen.
2982	victim	2013-06-02	Yeah, seriously. I was all, "Wow, he can act." Nina Gold, ladies and gentlemen.I thought this... and then immediately thought, why are we only learning this now? We won't see him again for a long, long time and he's been savagely (pun) underused to this point, though that's not to say he wasn't underused in the books too.
2983	LoyalStarkBannerman	2013-06-03	Rickon confirmed for heir to Winterfell.
2984	Oakenfist	2013-06-03	He was good and I hope they keep the same actor throughout the series.
2985	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	Yeah he was really good. That scene was great. :cry:
2986	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	it would be nice if we start to see Rickon develop on the show I wonder how long he and the actress who play Osha are signed on for
2987	Montey14	2013-06-03	But they are going to the Umbers instead of Skagos......I wonder how this will play out with Davos's  arc
2988	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-06-03	Hopefully with them going to the Last Hearth they recast Greatjon since he wasn't at the wedding.
War Greatjon!
2989	Montey14	2013-06-03	I teared up during that scene, then the scene with Grey Wind dying was even worse /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Doesn't Greywind actually get loose and kill some Freys before they actually put him down....
2990	Kraken's Kiss	2013-06-03	It's very hard for me to cry during a show or movie...doesn't happen often.
That being said, for some reason that scene got me tonight. Totally unexpected too. Suddenly my eyes started tearing up.
Wonderfully done and touching scene.
2991	Arkash	2013-06-03	In Nina Gold we trust !
2992	jeffklm	2013-06-03	I hope we get to see Osha, Rickon, & Shaggydog's journey to Last Hearth/Skagos.
2993	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-03	That was some pretty good acting.  I hope GRRM has plans for Rickon in future novels so we can see more of Art.I hope we get to see Osha, Rickon, & Shaggydog's journey to Last Hearth/Skagos.Absolutely.  They need to make up some scenes for those two, not many, but enough so that they aren't completely off screen for as long as in the books.
2994	JCrowley90	2013-06-03	I had always assumed that Rickon would depart the show as he did in the books, then return a few seasons later with a new, older actor (a la Octavian in Rome) but after tonight's scene I hope the showrunners at least give Art a solid chance at re-auditioning for the part again in a couple of years as the kid's got talent. Just a shame it took us this long to get a scene where he could shine!
2995	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	Aye, the little lad did well. But as has been mentioned, Last Hearth? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that on the other side of The North to Skagos?
2996	crazibouncer	2013-06-03	Yea Rickon did a great job and I hope he does come back for future seasons.
2997	kephv	2013-06-03	It seems every kid on the show is a prodigy. Well done indeed. Maybe we'll see more of him instead of him just disappearing for a few seasons.
2998	Khal Porno	2013-06-03	I'll admit my eyes got a little watery in that scene as well, I think it was the best of the whole episode.  I don't remember their goodbye being that effective in the books.
2999	eetrebor	2013-06-03	I'm pretty sure they wont make it to Last Hearth (or will be turned away) and will head to the coast and eventually Skagos.
3000	Ghost Wrytre	2013-06-03	Aye, the little lad did well. But as has been mentioned, Last Hearth? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that on the other side of The North to Skagos?The map I have shows the Last Hearth and Skagos both in the northeastern quadrant of the North... separated by about 100 leagues, which is just a hop, skip and a jump in this world.
3001	Moseh Khayim	2013-06-03	I'm pretty sure they wont make it to Last Hearth (or will be turned away) and will head to the coast and eventually Skagos.Precisely. After they receive the news the north is not safe for a Stark heir due to unclear alliances, they will head for Skagos.
3002	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Precisely.After they receive the news the north is not safe for a Stark heir due to unclear alliances, they will head for Skagos.Possibly. Maybe Ramsay will go after them next season? And they will have to escape. Either way, it's not as though Skagos would be anyone's first choice as a destination of refuge
3003	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-03	I don't think the story is going to go the same way at all as the books.  How would Manderly know they are at Skagos without Wex?
3004	Ayan Tandon	2013-06-03	Art was awesome this episode, the only reason he doesn't get much screen time is cause he's so young, not only is he young in the show, which could cause a lot of awkwardness but he is much much younger in the books so you can't expect GRRM to write much for a 6 (6 now? must be) year old.
3005	StannisandDaeny	2013-06-03	I don't think the story is going to go the same way at all as the books.  How would Manderly know they are at Skagos without Wex?Maybe Wex will be 'Black Lorren', whose tongue has been cut out or something /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Oh yeah, I'm hoping we'll get a few scenes with Rickon and Osha now. No doubt what they've been doing in the background, must have been interesting, what with being hunted, going to Skagos. There's a whole world they can open up here, not to mention, GRRM said he wanted something for Osha to do, didn't he? They wouldn't even be changing anything, just expanding, and that's what the show should do.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 03 June 2013 - 05:11 AM.
3006	SimpatiK	2013-06-03	Aye, the little lad did well. But as has been mentioned, Last Hearth? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that on the other side of The North to Skagos?It's in the right direction from where they are now. Something will likely happen to sway them to the path to Skagos anyway,
3007	Holdfast	2013-06-03	Badly teared up when I watched him in that final moment with Bran.  Totally nailed that scene.  Great talent and I really hope we see more of him.
3008	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	But they are going to the Umbers instead of Skagos......I wonder how this will play out with Davos's  arcI wouldn't put too much stock in that.  In Game of thrones, just as in the books they are based on, people often don't end up getting to where they're trying to go.Could be they are prevented/diverted from making it to Last Hearth and have a forced change of plans.  I have a feeling we're going to see some Osha and Rickon dynamic duo scenes next season, and I'm excited.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 June 2013 - 06:43 AM.
3009	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	The map I have shows the Last Hearth and Skagos both in the northeastern quadrant of the North... separated by about 100 leagues, which is just a hop, skip and a jump in this world.Thanks, my bad. Been a while since I saw a full map of Westeros.
3010	mickey117	2013-06-03	I also cried a little during that scene, great acting!
3011	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-06-03	Hella better than the RW scene.
I would not at all be opposed to him and Tena sharing a screen next season. If they're written out for a while, so be it, but it would be a nice surprise.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 03 June 2013 - 07:03 AM.
3012	mafalda	2013-06-03	He's a talented little kid, isn't he? I'm glad he finally got some dialogue!
It was a heartbreaking scene, and I really do hope that we follow their journey to Skagos. This is the one change from the book that I would totally put my signature on!
3013	Bestkeptsecret	2013-06-03	RICKON STARK! THE KING IN THE NORTH!!!
3014	Dragonstoned	2013-06-03	Very good scene, got teary too, another great child actor!
3015	Bastard Walder	2013-06-03	Okay didn't Luwin tell them to go to Last Hearth in the books too?
3016	Stannis the Menace	2013-06-03	Maybe Wex will be 'Black Lorren', whose tongue has been cut out or something /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Oh yeah, I'm hoping we'll get a few scenes with Rickon and Osha now. No doubt what they've been doing in the background, must have been interesting, what with being hunted, going to Skagos. There's a whole world they can open up here, not to mention, GRRM said he wanted something for Osha to do, didn't he? They wouldn't even be changing anything, just expanding, and that's what the show should do.i agree with this.   This will also help with the next book being pretty slow
3017	Buckwheat	2013-06-03	Excellent scene, very touching and sad. It was great to see some love between brothers. It is sad that we have not seen more of Rickon earlier.
3018	Lady Lea	2013-06-03	I love Art, and I don't think it was a coincidence that they decided to remind us that Rickon exists and is pretty cool on the same episode where Robb dies.
Rickon = future King in the North
3019	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-03	I agree that Rickon as Lord of Winterfell or King in the North seems inevitable, as we were reading the series and after this episode as well.  This is probably why GRRM will kill him.  Poor Rickon.
3020	Lady Arwen	2013-06-03	This child is too adorable for his own good, and he handled his scene beautifully.
3021	Spidey	2013-06-03	But they are going to the Umbers instead of Skagos......I wonder how this will play out with Davos's  arcOn the way to Last Hearth Osha gets wind of how Robb got betrayed by his own bannermen. Fearing the Umbers might do the same, she opts for Skagos instead.
3022	Newstar	2013-06-03	I agree that Rickon as Lord of Winterfell or King in the North seems inevitable, as we were reading the series and after this episode as well.  This is probably why GRRM will kill him.  Poor Rickon.I actually thought the opposite after viewing this episode. In that non-book scene, written by two guys who know the ending to the series, we got the following hints about Rickon's future:1. Rickon telling his older brother "I have to protect you."2. Bran telling Rickon he'll be the heir if Bran and Robb die.3. Rickon telling Osha "I know how to swing a sword."4. Rickon getting all up in Osha's face about how "We're not southerners!"5. Osha saying of Rickon "He'll learn to walk in darkness."Not to mention there's an "Heir to Winterfell" theme on the Game of Thrones Season 3 soundtrack, and that was the track that was playing during Bran and RIckon's farewell. You could also say it's important that the scene with Bran telling Rickon about him being the heir to Winterfell if anything should befall Robb and himself was placed in the same episode where Robb dies.If that doesn't scream "Rickon is going to be badass future Lord of Winterfell/King in the North," I don't know what does.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 June 2013 - 09:01 PM.
3023	Maizel	2013-06-03	This is the break-out moment for little Rickon for sure.
I'm pretty confident everybody watching the TV show had forgotten about him by now.
Then he comes back with his first big speaking role, which is also  the best bit of acting I've seen in a while.
Big props for Art. He was very, very good in this episode.
3024	Mladen	2013-06-03	To be honest, Rickon upstaged the horror of the RW. I mean, the boy did it perfectly...
3025	Macho Hand of the King	2013-06-03	I only had one thought during his scene... "WHERE THE F**K WAS THIS KID WHEN WE NEEDED YOUNG ANAKIN SKYWALKER???"  Seriously, great job by the young actors.
3026	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Wonderful acting! I thought it was brilliant to finally see Rickon and appreciate him as a character on screen and actually remind people who haven't read the books that he exists.
3027	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	I hope he see Rickon and Osha's journey in the show.
3028	Vovea	2013-06-04	He was adorable. Though I can see some cruel YouTuber mashing up the scenes of his big watery eyes and the RW scene at some point in the future.
3029	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	He was adorable. Though I can see some cruel YouTuber mashing up the scenes of his big watery eyes and the RW scene at some point in the future.Don't give them ideas! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3030	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	And here I was the whole time claiming that Rickon never got any lines because he was probably a bad actor and couldn't deliver his lines.
3031	Bambi	2013-06-04	Im always happy to see that the scenes i find extraordinary, almost always catches the same attention by the community too. This little guy acted like a genius! How old is he, 5? Can't wait to see his other works!
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 04 June 2013 - 06:38 PM.
3032	Indigocell	2013-06-04	I only had one thought during his scene... "WHERE THE F**K WAS THIS KID WHEN WE NEEDED YOUNG ANAKIN SKYWALKER???"  Seriously, great job by the young actors.That movie came out two years before he was born.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3033	teemo	2013-06-04	Great acting!  I was so pleasantly surprised.
3034	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	They could easily combine Skago's, White Harbor, and Last Hearth into one location for easier filming and a plot more condensed and easier to follow in a short amount of time.
3035	The Anti-Targ	2013-06-04	They have plenty of time to get to Skagos. And it may turn out the never make it to Last Hearth. Just because they plan to go somewhere doesn't mean they'll get there.
I'm in two minds about whether we should see Osha and Rickon in S4. On the one hand it would be good to keep them on screen. Natalia Tena especially is great. On the other hand I donlt want them on screen for the sake of it (like half (or more) of Theon's scenes this season). If there's no real forward momentum achieved with these two then they should disappear until Davos finds them. Natalia could be used for a wee bit of exposition, but other than North of the Wall history what real stories would she plausibly know about Westeros.
3036	Dragonstoned	2013-06-04	Anyone who doesn't think Art was great has no heart.
3037	Envie	2013-06-04	I had to go back and re-watch the entire episode because the suspense and horror of the final RW scene pretty much made me forget the rest of the episode even though I knew it was coming... 
On second watching, I realized how incredibly good that scene was and done fairly close to the books in many ways, especially Bran's spectacular warging into Hodor which I felt they did a terrific job of doing and I remember being a particularly meaningful moment of realization in the books for all of them and cheering for him warging into Summer to help Jon out too.
But the bits with little Rickon were endearingly sweet and bittersweet at that when you rewatch it and realize how terribly it's going to end for their Mother and older brother Robb. That little boy did a fantastic job evoking real emotion and passion. Bravo!
3038	Catherine Storm	2013-06-04	I will miss little  Rickon. I felt so happy everytime he was given a speaking role.
3039	YourMomsBox	2013-06-04	To be honest I don't see a reason to have Rickon and Osha to just be absent until seasons down the road. Is it so bad to have a small scene here and there? If Rickon does have a role to play way later on, I doubt people will remember that there was a Stark after Bran.
If hell happens to befall all our other Stark children, hopefully we see Rickon become a badass. 'The Last Wolf' /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by YourMomsBox, 04 June 2013 - 10:03 PM.
3040	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	It's much harder to have them straight up disappear and then reappear later on television, and considering little Art probably gets paid in candy, and Natalia seems like someone who would actually request to be paid in candy (jk), they can throw in a few scenes here and there that can also tie in what's happening with the post RW north. The question is whether or not those scenes will seem like pointless filler to the audience and ultimately boring/not plot relevant.
And on another note did anyone notice how Rickon said "coming" like a true Northerner? I'm not sure if that's his native accent but I loved it.
3041	go joff go	2013-06-04	I prefer they keep Rickon hidden.  You get the feeling in the book his being off screen is pretty deliberate.
3042	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Spoiler Deliberate in the sense that George couldn't afford to write more slow paced plot irrelevant stuff in either aFfC or aDwD and had no desire to world-build Skagos? Then yes it's deliberate /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> There's a reason he disappears until someone of interest (Davos) is sent to go fetch him back to a place anyone cares about.
My thoughts are they can use Rickon/Osha to introduce some Northern lords like Wyman Manderly to flesh out the story of the conspiring northerners. But again I have no idea if it will be interesting or even necessary. For all we know Rickon was eaten on Skagos

					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 10:22 PM.
3043	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-06-04	To be honest I don't see a reason to have Rickon and Osha to just be absent until seasons down the road. Is it so bad to have a small scene here and there? If Rickon does have a role to play way later on, I doubt people will remember that there was a Stark after Bran.If hell happens to befall all our other Stark children, hopefully we see Rickon become a badass. 'The Last Wolf' /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I got the feeling that Rickon and Arya are actually much more like "the Starks of old" than any of their siblings, or their father. Cruel, hard people with wolves by their side and swords across their lap... not moralizing simpletons like Eddard or wannabe southerners who deny their animalic side like Robb.
3044	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-06-04	I actually thought the opposite after viewing this episode. In that non-book scene, written by two guys who know the ending to the series, we got the following hints about Rickon's future:1. Rickon telling his older brother "I have to protect you."2. Bran telling Rickon he'll be the heir if Bran and Robb die.3. Rickon telling Osha "I know how to swing a sword."4. Rickon getting all up in Osha's face about how "We're not southerners!"5. Osha saying of Rickon "He'll learn to walk in darkness."Not to mention there's an "Heir to Winterfell" theme on the Game of Thrones Season 3 soundtrack, and that was the track that was playing during Bran and RIckon's farewell. You could also say it's important that the scene with Bran telling Rickon about him being the heir to Winterfell if anything should befall Robb and himself was placed in the same episode where Robb dies.If that doesn't scream "Rickon is going to be badass future Lord of Winterfell/King in the North," I don't know what does.I think you're overanalyzing this. The track titles aren't a hint at anything, they're just titles that someone picked based on early cuts of the different scenes. Also, the TV doesn't do subtle foreshadowing of things that are far into the future. There's no point in searching for hidden meanings in the show material /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3045	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Caution:  Spoiler contained below goes up through the end of ADWD.  This was the scene I was most touched by.  Heartbreakingly superb performance.  And as much as I /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> , it was at the same time a point of hope for the Starks, looking at how the line could be carried on 
	Spoiler  since we know Bran won't be back in a non-warging/non-raven state for a long, long time - if ever.  And since we don't know when Arya might be back or even if she can ever come back in a non-FM state.  And since the last time we see Jon he's being stabbed in the back.  OK, getting ready to close the 'spoiler' tab, and I realize that now, as usual, I've completely left Sansa out of the Stark line-up.  Hmm . . . telling.
3046	The Fourth Head	2013-06-05	Art Parkinson did a brilliant job- I felt too numb to be able to cry during the RW, and I never cry watching TV, but I was welling up with tears when Rickon took centre stage. Good work!TBH, he did a decent job in seasons 1 and  2 as well- it all felt believable. He delivered his lines with attitude- not just saying the words. I don't think he would have been cast if they didn't think he could act.Honourable mentions to Osha and Bran as well. They were both fantastic that episode as well, although their talents have long been acknowledged. Osha's display of loyalty certainly played a part in my welling up, and Isaac totally sold me on the whole ashamed, embarrassed "what the hell am I?!" front- much like the innocent traumas we all go through during the onset of puberty. It brought those feelings all flooding back!
3047	Lady Arwen	2013-06-05	I only had one thought during his scene... "WHERE THE F**K WAS THIS KID WHEN WE NEEDED YOUNG ANAKIN SKYWALKER???"  Seriously, great job by the young actors. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />My biggest hope at the moment is for Rickon to rapidly grow up and become a large, fierce, angry warrior riding his massive black wolf into battle, slaying all enemies of the Starks and reclaiming Winterfell in a blaze of ferocious Northern glory.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Arwen, 05 June 2013 - 12:46 PM.
3048	grrmforreal	2013-06-05	I have some inside info: Rickon comes back in the last book as a young adult played by Tom Cruise (cgi is used to make him look young); he is now a fully trained Jedi with white lightsaber and he rides upon Shaggydog who is now bigger than a horse.  He shows up in the last scene just like Gandalf did at the end of the Two Towers, storms down upon the white walkers, but is caught in a net at the last minute and hauled off to the Dreadfort for a proper skinning.
3049	DolorousKim	2013-06-05	I totally agree, my biggest emotional reaction to the episode was triggered by Master Parkinson's farewell to Bran, and not by the Red Wedding.  My immediate reaction was "Wow, they're finally going to let the kid speak!!!"  Followed by "Oh, DAMN...SNIFF, SNIFF...."  The little man got me to shed more than a few tears.  I was quite frankly astounded by how well he delivered in this scene, having fallen victim to the erroneous preconception that he mustn't be a very good actor since he had been given so few lines previously.  He's my co-MVP of the week, along with Michelle Fairley, of course.
Edited to add David Bradley as my co-co-MVP of the week.  He was too perfect as Walder Frey to not earn a mention here.
					
					
							Edited by DolorousKim, 05 June 2013 - 07:10 PM.
3050	Greywolf2375	2013-06-05	I prefer they keep Rickon hidden.  You get the feeling in the book his being off screen is pretty deliberate.I'd prefer he stay hidden as well - people can be reminded of him via other conversations about the Starks, etc. if he is actually needed later on  Unfortunately since attention spans seem far shorter than they should be, we'd need to see him about every 3rd episode so that he isn't forgotten.
3051	King Tyrion I	2013-06-06	Rickon's actor did a great job, and I hope to see more of him in the future.
3052	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-06	My biggest hope at the moment is for Rickon to rapidly grow up and become a large, fierce, angry warrior riding his massive black wolf into battle, slaying all enemies of the Starks and reclaiming Winterfell in a blaze of ferocious Northern glory.I don't think GRRM has been building up Rickon's anger and fierceness since Book 1 for nothing. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> This kid is going to be nothing like the well-bred maister-trained Stark children. So yeah!!! And it would be great to see Rickon ride a full-grown Shaggydog into battle. I was quite frankly astounded by how well he delivered in this scene, having fallen victim to the erroneous preconception that he mustn't be a very good actor since he had been given so few lines previously.  He's my co-MVP of the week, along with Michelle Fairley, of course.Edited to add David Bradley as my co-co-MVP of the week.  He was too perfect as Walder Frey to not earn a mention here.Those were my standout actors for the week as well.
3053	So1ar	2013-06-06	when he said "i'm your brother, i have to protect you" it made me tear up.
also, i loved when he stood up to Osha and said "we're NOT southerners"
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 06 June 2013 - 11:31 AM.
3054	lizziebeth	2013-06-06	I got the feeling that Rickon and Arya are actually much more like "the Starks of old" than any of their siblings, or their father. Cruel, hard people with wolves by their side and swords across their lap... not moralizing simpletons like Eddard or wannabe southerners who deny their animalic side like Robb.Absolutely agree with this.  My biggest hope at the moment is for Rickon to rapidly grow up and become a large, fierce, angry warrior riding his massive black wolf into battle, slaying all enemies of the Starks and reclaiming Winterfell in a blaze of ferocious Northern glory.Can we please have that happen?  Rickon Stark, KING IN THE NORTH!
3055	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-06	Rickon speculation: Remember that the series was inspired by the War of the Roses.  As said war came to a close, Henry Tudor married Elizabeth of York, uniting the houses of Lancaster and York.  Perhaps Rickon will marry Myrcella.
I guess Tyrion married Sansa already, but that is what it is.
					
					
							Edited by Jorah the Explorer, 06 June 2013 - 12:03 PM.
3056	Greywolf2375	2013-06-06	Rickon speculation: Remember that the series was inspired by the War of the Roses.  As said war came to a close, Henry Tudor married Elizabeth of York, uniting the houses of Lancaster and York.  Perhaps Rickon will marry Myrcella.I guess Tyrion married Sansa already, but that is what it is.That could be, but that is a little too buttoned up tight, we all get along in the end for what the story has been.  I do not see in any way a voluntary marriage between Stark and Lannister - especially considering we don't even know Myrcellas current status, who knows what has been happening in Dorne with her.
3057	Mammothsbane	2013-06-06	Room got really dusty during this scene.. I got something in both my eyes at the same time.
3058	HouseHarrison	2013-06-06	My fantasy conclusion for Rickon: As Bolton-Frey victory seems inevitable in the North, the heir to Winterfell appears riding a unicorn and leading an army of savage Skagosi who he has rallied to his cause, landing from ships provided by the Iron Bank of Braavos. The Umbers, Manderlys, Mormonts, and Glovers are all quick to pledge themselves to him. Word of the "Young Wolfs" return spreads throughout Westeros, and many smallfolk and superstitious lords mistake it to mean that Robb's ghost has arisen to exact vengeance on the Freys.
					
					
							Edited by HouseHarrison, 06 June 2013 - 07:19 PM.
3059	Ser Steven	2013-06-06	To be honest I don't see a reason to have Rickon and Osha to just be absent until seasons down the road. Is it so bad to have a small scene here and there? If Rickon does have a role to play way later on, I doubt people will remember that there was a Stark after Bran.If hell happens to befall all our other Stark children, hopefully we see Rickon become a badass. 'The Last Wolf' /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah all of Rikkon's scenes next season can be a training montage with sweet 80's montage music lol
3060	Envie	2013-06-06	My fantasy conclusion for Rickon: As Bolton-Frey victory seems inevitable in the North, the heir to Winterfell appears riding a unicorn and leading an army of savage Skagosi who he has rallied to his cause, landing from ships provided by the Iron Bank of Braavos. The Umbers, Manderlys, Mormonts, and Glovers are all quick to pledge themselves to him. Word of the "Young Wolfs" return spreads throughout Westeros, and many smallfolk and superstitious lords mistake it to mean that Robb's ghost has arisen to exact vengeance on the Freys.I like your fantasy and would love for something similar to happen. If they'd just throw us one tiny bone of a hint - such as a scene or two with Rickon being trained in wildling ways by Osha, fighting by the Umbers or even a glimpse of Skagos ... we could build theories forever (or at least until the final book comes out) about the young wolf's return!
3061	Gendels Children	2013-06-08	the grossest injustice we have had to face with the TV show at this point is that awesome little boy not getting more air time, I loved little Rickon in the books, and this kid is a shockingly great actor who appears to have only really spoke once in the first season and then only again just before he leaves (possibly for good)... seriously that kid was an untapped resource of awesomeness
3062	Herb	2013-06-08	the grossest injustice we have had to face with the TV show at this point is that awesome little boy not getting more air time, I loved little Rickon in the books, and this kid is a shockingly great actor who appears to have only really spoke once in the first season and then only again just before he leaves (possibly for good)... seriously that kid was an untapped resource of awesomenessAgree with this aswell. Really wish they would have at least attempted to show Rickon's development and how he and his wolf had become wilder without parental/elder figures around to keep him in line. Thought the little guy acted brilliantly in this episode, wonder if with hindsight they regret not utilising him more now.
3063	Aussie Rob	2013-06-09	Lets give a hand to one of the youngest actors on the show for stealing the Bran scene he was in tonight.  Fantastic job by the kid.Agreed. Great scene!
3064	SerJeremiahLouistark	2013-06-10	Yeah great job by the young prince.  I agree also about Grey Wind.  I swear the wolves dying hurts me more than anything.
3065	Count Balerion	2013-06-13	Yes, I loved this scene. Made the rest of the (not always well-handled this season) Bran thread worth it.
I hope we do see more of Rickon, not only because the few (wo?) scenes with Rickon were so good, but also because, to tell the truth, the character has not much been used in the books, either (I think we went a book or two wih his barely being mentioned). Granted he was too young to be directly involved in most of the action. But I hope GRRM has some plans for him in the future.
(The only problem being that if we have to wait for Rickon to grow for the series to end, it could end up taking even longer.)
3066	Jslay427	2013-06-17	The kid can act, no doubt.
3067	Rashtibram	2013-06-25	Hell yeah! 
	Spoiler  Arya will become a Faceless Man, Sansa's gonna die horribly, and Bran's going to spend the rest of his life as a tree, but Rickon will be the Last Wolf!
3068	Archangel of Winterfell	2013-09-15	I got a Revenge of the Sith type of vibe from Rickon.  Although Robb and Catelyn are dead, there's this small ray of hope in Rickon.  Although it seemed to be done more subtle than in movies like Revenge of the Sith and Harry Potter, it worked great.
3069	Ser Creighton	2013-06-04	Just like it, the girl with the blanket is my favorite.http://m.youtube.com...h?v=78juOpTM3tE
3070	ktwse	2013-06-04	Brilliant.
And this here could be the best use of Twitter so far: https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTears
3071	WhatsDeadMayNeverDie	2013-06-04	That's good to see... I don't think I could have watched it in the presence of other people for the first time.  Lotta salt left on the cheeks if you know what I mean.
3072	The Grass	2013-06-04	Brilliant.And this here could be the best use of Twitter so far: https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsThank you very much for showing me this. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3073	Nick_Scryer	2013-06-04	George R R Martin's reaction:http://www.youtube.c...d&v=l4DmoIQOuWQ
3074	Jethro	2013-06-04	http://io9.com/the-1...rones-511003444funfunfun.
3075	Ser Creighton	2013-06-04	It's sad that all these peoples anger and sadness makes me happy, at least I know how Martin feels. Best post I saw was a guy on a non spoilers thread who said "you know over on the spoiler thread they are all laughing at us right now."
3076	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-04	So sad for Rod Stark and Ron Stark. They and Robb Stark were like brothers.  Really, how hard can be for some people to get the name right? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3077	DivisionByZero	2013-06-04	George R R Martin's reaction:http://www.youtube.c...d&v=l4DmoIQOuWQHa!  Oh man, that's awesome.  I do really wish I had some unsullied to have watched that with.
3078	Gibson	2013-06-04	My wife was the first reaction in the compilation, original video here http://www.youtube.c...h?v=HqiQ9ubOaz8
3079	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-04	LOL. I spent Sunday night after the East Coast broadcast visiting Twitter to watch the meltdown, so I read some of those tweets moments after they were tweeted.I know the TV-only viewers think we're laughing at them, but really... we're just remembering what it was like to want to hurl that frikkin book across the room. Of course, nobody videotapes people reacting to a book. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Oh, and yes... the girl with the blanket is awesome. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3080	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Is it bad that after hearing Talisa screaming from being stabbed a million times, because of this video, that she now sounds almost comical to me? Lol. But man I feel bad for them. I spoiled myself to the wedding before I read it in the books and I still cried. I honestly can't imagine how I would react if I hadn't read the books.
3081	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Ha!  Oh man, that's awesome.  I do really wish I had some unsullied to have watched that with.Same here! I wish I lived in the same state as my cousins, I would so love to watch it with them and get their reactions.
3082	booknerd2	2013-06-04	The"oh, shits" are great.
3083	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	I was laughing hysterically at these tweets until I got to this one, and it just made me sad.   "If you want to make the 7 Gods of the Game of Thrones laugh, tell them your hopes and dreams for your favorite characters."   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 04 June 2013 - 10:54 PM.
3084	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Double post - dammit
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 04 June 2013 - 10:56 PM.
3085	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-04	The best thing I read on a Twitter feed was "I guess the wedding was a success by Dothraki standards". /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
3086	Montey14	2013-06-04	those tweets are hysterical....especially the Rod Stark ones and Ron Stark ones.....so funny.....ohh and I bet the ones quitting the show were the same ones that were going to quit when Ned got his head lopped off....thsoe tweets are funny .....the one with the bag of dicks is a killer too
3087	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-04	Oh also this Gif that shows the reactions of show watchers vs book readers really nailed it.
3088	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-05	Celebrity reactions- http://www.youtube.c...h?v=aOtiMZkyqu4
3089	Lady Arwen	2013-06-05	I wish I had had the presence of mind to film the responses of my Unsullied guests that night. Lots of jaws on the floor and explosive cursing. Even I, who have read this scene many times in ASOS, was on the edge of my seat, partially covering my eyes with my sweaty little hands (and did I cry? You bet.).
3090	DivisionByZero	2013-06-05	This was in the celebrity reactions clip, but if you didn't watch that, Maisie William's video was amusing: https://vine.co/v/b3XZMHmxzxh
3091	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-05	This was in the celebrity reactions clip, but if you didn't watch that, Maisie William's video was amusing: https://vine.co/v/b3XZMHmxzxhYeah, she's adorable. I love an actor with a good sense of humour, especially if they can mock their own character (not that I would mock Arya).Those facial expressions were hilarious! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />She's going to go far!
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 05 June 2013 - 05:10 PM.
3092	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-05	The best thing I read on a Twitter feed was "I guess the wedding was a success by Dothraki standards". /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />This is a win.
3093	Jehane	2013-06-06	Brilliant.And this here could be the best use of Twitter so far: https://twitter.com/RedWeddingTearsBrilliant *lol* My favourite so far: "RIP in peace Rob Snow" /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Oh, and someone actually called Lord Bolton "Bruce" *g*I can understand some of the reactions; I remember that I was in shock when I read that chapter a couple of years ago even though I had already realised that no character was safe. That became clear when Ned's head was chopped off. However, I was not prepared for the brutality of the RW - and I'm still mad at GRRM for bringing Arya *this* close to Cat without letting Cat know that her daughter's still alive.
3094	Batman	2013-06-06	I cant imagine being able to summon feelings that deep for any piece of entertainment. I love this series and more than this Breaking Bad but they have never made me cry. There have been swellings of emotion but never tears.
3095	gmavridis	2013-06-06	The best thing I read on a Twitter feed was "I guess the wedding was a success by Dothraki standards". /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Thiis one and also one GRRM mentioned on an interview "Folks watching #gameofthrones who didn't read the books: remember when your really nerdy friend was super sad 13 years ago? This is why! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />"
3096	gmavridis	2013-06-06	THe link to GRRM's interview to Conan in You Tube is http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GR36slEw7aU
3097	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-06-06	The Red Wedding on TV (or computer in my case) has made me worry about how I'll even BEGIN to cope when the finale of Breaking Bad airs.
3098	gmavridis	2013-06-06	An also excellent tweet was the following "You know why the end credits had no music? The sound of your sobbing and sniffling is the music."
3099	Mich	2013-06-06	Just saw this one.  Figured this would be a good place for it... https://www.youtube....h?v=U6AjgR7D3yg
3100	delyan	2013-06-06	A long time lurker...decided to log in because I wanted to share with you a video that is...how to put it...a bit different from all the other ones we have enjoyed with so much Schadenfreude in the past 4-5 days...So here it goes:www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCAOD1wcbKAWarning - it is very rude, offensive, full of verbal and visual profanity (nevertheless hilarious)...If you are under 18 (or above 18 but without that 13 yo inside you), don't watch...Otherwise - enjoy...(also - be sure to catch up on your "heavy-Greek-accent-English" before that) /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3101	GoT Hound	2013-06-07	Pretty shocking episode, but I can't say I didn't see it comming.  The gratuitous brutality of stabbing the unborn son multiple times Talisa was shocking, but the general, "oh oh, we screwed up moment" played the way you'd expect.
I'm more surprised at people's anger toward what happened and the author.   Why are people mad at the story line?  It's a bit rhetorical, I guess all those hollywood test groups that prescreen movies must be a good sampling of the general population.  People want the happy outcome, even if it's not the likely or most realistic outcome.
This is why I'm such a fan of GoT, it's more true to what would happen in the real world.  Heros aren't always the most savvy, doing the right thing won't always yield the right results.  The cunning evil and monsterous psycopathic minds have the advantage of not being bound by the rules of society and feelings of morality.
If anything, it shows us a need to understand these things if we are to figuratively survive encounters with these types of people and situations.
3102	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	Did anyone see the new birthday rap battle posted last night? LOL.
3103	Piketon30	2013-06-08	Fan reactions watching the episode are awesome but what would it have looked like if some one filmed you finishing the red wedding chapter.  For me this nails it 99.9%. The clip is over 1:40 seconds but all you need to watch is the first 40seconds.http://youtu.be/ViwGSPWnaKo
3104	Pod The Impaler	2013-06-08	The best thing I read on a Twitter feed was "I guess the wedding was a success by Dothraki standards". /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Hilarious !
3105	Pod The Impaler	2013-06-08	Just saw this one.  Figured this would be a good place for it... https://www.youtube....h?v=U6AjgR7D3yg /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
3106	Carne	2013-06-09	Best reaction video: http://www.youtube.c...eature=youtu.be
3107	Net-Viper X	2013-06-09	My buddy that watches the show but hasn't read the books wasn't really shocked by the event since he never trusted Frey and had a bad feeling about the whole thing going in to it. What did shock him however was when I explained to him that Walder had also murdered thousands of Northern soldiers by setting the oil covered tents on fire so that Robbs entire army burned alive while eating dinner. That really dropped his jaw and left him speechless. Since he already has been spoiled about Lady Stoneheart I went ahead and told him about how she fills every tree in central Westeros with swinging Freys and that brought some of the color back to his face.
His girlfriend was too busy swooning over Diahrrio to even notice that Robb died (vomit)....(vomit again). Even describing how he was supposed to be the ultimate douche bag with purple horned hair and blue pitchfork beard wasn't enough to break her lust.
3108	Aussie Rob	2013-06-09	There have been some cracking reactions, that's for sure /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3109	YuriP	2013-06-10	Is it me or is was it just not done right enough that no fans are mentioning Arya cruel fate of not getting back with her family
3110	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-06-13	I get a bit disappointed seeing the amount of people complaining/praising the tv writers. It's GRRM and the books where it's written. If anything the show writers made it less effective.
3111	DamienBabingtonFBF	2013-06-18	Haha I didn't see this one on time, so I had to avoid Twitter and Facebook for a couple days to make sure I didn't see any spoilers.
3112	DamienBabingtonFBF	2013-06-18	Speaking of reactions to season 3, check out this Season 3 review article at:
FastBreakForum.com
Thanks!
3113	Killer B	2013-07-01	I made this with my boyfriend if folks are interested. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=oy5BnlfrQi8I do think it's the funniest one out there, but you be the judge /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
3114	apc	2013-07-31	Old topic, but it just happened. I was awakened last night at 3 am to the sound of a message on my phone.
My brother (unsullied who only watches the episodes when he can) sent me a text cursing A LOT and asking "Who was the bastard wearing chainmail?"
Somehow I understood what he meant and answered "Lord Bolton, Robb's bannerman".
He replied with several "Fuck him", and then more cursing.
Fun.
3115	WinterKing	2013-06-02	This thread will be fantastic this episode.
3116	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-06-03	My girlfriend burst into tears as soon as talisa got stabbed.
The sobs subsided somewhat, then returned with equal force when grey wind and arya locked eyes. 
They then kept going until the end.
3117	Thor Odinson	2013-06-03	I remember a poster around here mentioning how a friend of his was fist pumping a couple episodes back because he thought that Robb would get Walder Frey's army and he'd conquer Casterly Rock. I wonder what that friend thinks now...
3118	amilas	2013-06-18	Wow, only two replies? Am I missing something?
Anyway, this is a little late but I had to share. So when my boyfriend saw this episode we actually got into one of the biggest fights we've ever been in. At the end he was pacing around, cursing, and talking about how stupid Martin must have been for writing this in. I got furious...anyway, things were thrown and insults were shared. After about 30 minutes of that, I realized that my boyfriend was dealing with the Red Wedding like I did when I read it. I got so mad that I stopped reading for a week and would snap at everyone. He got over it quicker and apologized and admited that he was just really shocked and upset about it and took back everything he said about Martin...which was good or else I might have had to have moved out, haha.
3119	King Zee	2013-06-27	Wow, only two replies? Am I missing something?.most people posted on this threadhttp://asoiaf.wester...ir-predictions/
3120	Sarah Lannistark	2013-07-31	My cousin  was lying on the floor by the tv screaming at me "DID YOU KNOW THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN!?" and my parents wouldnt speak for days, they changed my dogs name to grey wind and called my brother robb for a week. It was hilarious. I cried when I read it, but I was numb when I watched it.
3121	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-02	I was absolutely crushed. I couldn't breathe. I've NEVER felt that way watching a T.V show/actor, and maybe twice watching a movie. 
The actors put their heart and soul into this show, and if she doesn't get AT LEAST nominated I'm going to be writing a letter.
3122	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-02	Unfortunately The Emmy Awards are all dedicated to AMC because they are in love. Madly.
3123	Mark Antony	2013-06-02	I agree she was so amazing, I really hope her and NCW get nominated. They deserve it,.
3124	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	They deserve awards for their roles! Also, I think Jack Gleeson deserves something for playing Joffrey. great kid!!
3125	Jabronius Maximus	2013-06-02	NCW and Michelle should get nominated, but GoT in general suffers from screen time issues with all the various story lines going on. Everyone is a supporting actor basically.
That was a crushing scene, and done horribly well by Fairley. Lady Stoneheart is gonna be one mean woman!
					
					
							Edited by Barristan the Boss, 02 June 2013 - 10:56 PM.
3126	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-06-03	Yes, she was absolutely brilliant. I can't remember the last time I cried during a TV show. She nailed it.
3127	Dr John Smith	2013-06-03	Unfortunately for Michelle and the rest of the cast, Homeland and in particular the incomparable Claire Danes probably have a stranglehold on the Emmys for the foreseeable future.
3128	Littlefingers In The Air	2013-06-03	Just finished watching Michelle Fairleys performance in tonight's episode. If that's not an Emmy performance, no such thing exists.
3129	alwayswinter	2013-06-03	She was awesome. It's weird feeling so impressed and horrified at the same time.
3130	SerDuck	2013-06-03	I didn't like here scream at the end
3131	RedChick	2013-06-03	My gosh! That last scene where you could just see the moment when she lost the will to live; haunting. She was fantastic.
3132	Roadside Rose	2013-06-03	She was incredible. Probably my fav episode, but the Red Wedding was hard to watch.
3133	Montey14	2013-06-03	I also thought the scene with Dinklage and Dance in the 1 episode was very emmy worthy.....for either one of them .....that was a heavy scene.....I think it was pulled line for line from the book....but on screen it was much more moving a scene than in print
3134	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-03	Unfortunately for Michelle and the rest of the cast, Homeland and in particular the incomparable Claire Danes probably have a stranglehold on the Emmys for the foreseeable future.Yeah I know. I think Homeland is a good show, but best T.V series? Eh....Claire Danes is incredible, but I don't think that would hurt Fairley in supporting. What we'd have to watch out for, is the same tired Christina Hendricks nomination, along with someone form the Goodwife and Downton Abbey. All capable actresses, I do enjoy Hendricks on Mad Men (as well as Moss). But this year its undeniable.I know the process is subjective as it is based on matter of opinion, but at the end of the day, there is a very political side to the way the industry votes. True, the Emmy's did host a panel for GoT, so hopefully thats a sign of support to come. But I worry that GoT unconventionality is too far outside of the box for an industry that likes to reward dramas that adhere to specific formulas.Shows seem to get rewarded that are popular, but coincide with the taste of the Emmy voters.  It sucks, because as much support as GoT has, the industry's community is much more onboard with standard drama faire of the last decade or so. (The Good Wife and Downton Abbey, standard cable) than they would with a complex, multi faceted battleground one finds in Westeros. And it disheartens me, because actors are so rarely recognized that actually do great work, and instead are shunned in favor of actresses or actors that have standing reputation or "credibility" for awards. Whatever. If I ever see Michelle Fairley, I'm going to personally thank her for the work she's done with this character. As an actor myself, the women (and men) on this show have been an incredible inspiration to me.
3135	Sun	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairly was brilliant, tonight.
3136	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Unfortunately for Michelle and the rest of the cast, Homeland and in particular the incomparable Claire Danes probably have a stranglehold on the Emmys for the foreseeable future.She would be nominated as a lead actress. Michelle would be nominated as a supporting actress.
3137	Q the Cat	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairly was incredible, I agree.  I can hardly wait to see her as Stoneheart. 
I hope we get to see Nymeria pull her from the water in the finale.
3138	Juli Cachet	2013-06-03	That was simply fantastic.
3139	Ty3009	2013-06-03	I think Lena was robbed of a nom last year and Michelle has not had enough screen time.  This scene, while amazing, will probably be too little too late for Emmy voters.  With such a strong ensemble it's really difficult to get singled out.  So many voters go for Lena, Emilia, Maisie, etc.
	Spoiler Slightly off-topic but has anyone read her interview with Entertainment Weekly?  Is she just flat out lying about not coming back?  I can't imagine that they'd choose to cut UnCat.  Why highlight Beric's resurrection?http://insidetv.ew.c...yn-red-wedding/ 

					
					
							Edited by Ty3009, 03 June 2013 - 02:24 AM.
3140	Rymun Royce	2013-06-03	Indeed, wonderful and that last scene was just so incredibly desolate, you felt her die before the knife came.
3141	Lebron  James	2013-06-03	Just like in the books, she was the MVP of the RW.
3142	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-03	I'd say  she killed it whenever she was allowed too  have a scene where she was the focal point.Jon scene, first scene at riverrun and RW.
3143	Widows_Blood	2013-06-03	Fairley is the best actress on the show. She's killed [poor choice of words] every scene she's been in since season one.
3144	Joey Beers	2013-06-03	Make sure to use commas in the right places, when you write that letter...
3145	Andreas	2013-06-03	It was an epic performance indeed.
3146	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-03	I can't believe that Fairley took a back seat to the Robb & Talisa romance for most of this season; to reduce an actress of her caliber, and a character of her importance, to excess baggage, was ridiculous.Fairley positively nailed Catelyn during the Red Wedding (and many other scenes).   My heart just broke for her, as it did in ASOS.And wasn't that bit of interaction between Cat and Bolton, when she pulls his sleeve back and reveals the armor, and he just looks at her, a certified Neat Bit of direction and acting?  Brrrr.  Gave me shivers.
3147	Ayan Tandon	2013-06-03	The Emmy system is well not really predictable, but i hope, she gets nominated at least if not win the Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series (Cause well Ensemble cast) The episode this one in particular has to be seen, cause when they nominate they do it by episode, its an HBO show so its likely and the performance was good, But i expected Lena to get one for Blackwater for last year but this was probably better than that.
Also Peter Drunklage for his Wedding episode. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3148	Holdfast	2013-06-03	She was completely faultless in every scene, every expression, beautifully conveying those small moments of hope, the desperation of a mother, and finally the realisation that all was lost. This episode belonged to her.
					
					
							Edited by Holdfast, 03 June 2013 - 05:25 AM.
3149	sati	2013-06-03	Yes, she was amazing. I was very impressed with Madden though, they were both perfect.
3150	teemo	2013-06-03	Yeah, I almost start to cry in her final plea to Walder because it's pretty much straight from the books and how I always imagined she'd sound.  Wonderfully done.  Madden, on the other hand, sucked.
3151	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	Too bad Michelle Fairley had so little screentime this season, she is an awesome actress and she did a great job with her RW scenes. It would be great if she received at least a nomination.
3152	teemo	2013-06-03	Yeah, I almost start to cry in her final plea to Walder because it's pretty much straight from the books and how I always imagined she'd sound.  Wonderfully done.  Madden, on the other hand, sucked.I can't believe that Fairley took a back seat to the Robb & Talisa romance for most of this season; to reduce an actress of her caliber, and a character of her importance, to excess baggage, was ridiculous.this.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 05:00 AM.
3153	SimpatiK	2013-06-03	I wasn't entirely sold on the end. The scream felt a little of and I would have directed it a bit different. Would have liked her to go down on her knees.
3154	StannisandDaeny	2013-06-03	Sorry, still Charles Dance for me. Catelyn was great in this episode yes, but on the whole, her character has been handled far too poorly to give her scenes that are memorable enough. In the books I always got the vibe "this is a badass chick, more clever than the men around her, and willing to do whatever it takes" - I rarely got that in the show. Not because of Michelle Fairley, though, the blame doesn't go to her, but she suffers from it all the same.
3155	insertname	2013-06-03	I think Lena was robbed of a nom last year and Michelle has not had enough screen time.  This scene, while amazing, will probably be too little too late for Emmy voters.  With such a strong ensemble it's really difficult to get singled out.  So many voters go for Lena, Emilia, Maisie, etc.
	Spoiler Slightly off-topic but has anyone read her interview with Entertainment Weekly?  Is she just flat out lying about not coming back?  I can't imagine that they'd choose to cut UnCat.  Why highlight Beric's resurrection?http://insidetv.ew.c...yn-red-wedding/ 

	Spoiler Huh? I see nothing there about her leaving the show? It just said she didn't return a call from Dan after shooting the scene, but that's it...
3156	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Sorry, still Charles Dance for me.They have different categories for male and female actors, don't they?
3157	Hound's She-wolf	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairley did a wonderful job, she was finally given a decent scene and she took it to the next level. She didn't even need to speak and you could feel her finally warming up to Talisa when she smiled at her son and daughter in law, and then you could feel her stomach sink when she heard the doors closing and locking. And then when the music started you could feel her heart stop. She was able to put all of that pain of losing her family, watching her son and grandchild be murdered in front of her. She was perfect.
3158	WinterWarrior	2013-06-03	I agree that Michelle Fairley should get an Emmy, heck the whole show should. But those things are political and for whatever reason they always ignore the best shows and the best acting. Except when Tyrion got his one Emmy.
That's why I never watch those award shows. They are always bogus.
3159	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	I was absolutely crushed. I couldn't breathe. I've NEVER felt that way watching a T.V show/actor, and maybe twice watching a movie.The actors put their heart and soul into this show, and if she doesn't get AT LEAST nominated I'm going to be writing a letter.Alas, the astounding Tatiana Maslany from BBCA's Orphan Black should own all the emmys (can she be nominated multiple times?) but Michelle Fairley would be a fine second choice.
3160	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Alas, the astounding Tatiana Maslany from BBCA's Orphan Black should own all the emmys (can she be nominated multiple times?) but Michelle Fairley would be a fine second choice.I'm pretty sure you can only be nominated in one of: Leading, Supporting and Guest. Would Maslany be Leading? Because if Michelle is nominated she will definitely be Supporting. Diana Rigg would be a good choice for Guest,.
3161	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	I'm pretty sure you can only be nominated in one of: Leading, Supporting and Guest. Would Maslany be Leading? Because if Michelle is nominated she will definitely be Supporting. Diana Rigg would be a good choice for Guest,.She is the main character, as well as her own supporting cast - she plays multiple characters (clones, you see), and nails them all.But I digress.I too was looking forward to the "Ned loves my hair' lament, but so much of what made Catelyn a brilliant character was lost when they made the narrative choice to not give us internal monologues/POVS. Most of her more poignant book moments were in her own head - instead, they made her more proactive and less "thinky" - for example, they showed us Catelyn doing her own detective work after Bran was pushed (she found a blonde hair!), plus they also gave us the pathetic "I do too love Jon! Adopt him Ned!" scene.My beloved Catelyn Tully would never have done that. But, nonetheless, Michelle Fairley nailed it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Daena the Defiant, 03 June 2013 - 08:35 AM.
3162	axels15	2013-06-03	I don't think she has a chance at an emmy with one episode. My vote is still for Dany
3163	David Selig	2013-06-03	The way the Emmies work may give her a chance - IIRC only one episode is submitted for consideration in the acting categories so the fact that she barely had any lines in half the season doesn't matter.
Michelle is amazing. Such an expressive face and her voice control is fantastic. it's a real shame the showrunners didn't use her more this season.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 03 June 2013 - 08:37 AM.
3164	Heroesrule99	2013-06-03	I doubt anybody from GoT is breaking into Supporting Actress.
3165	Versiroth	2013-06-03	Spoiler Huh? I see nothing there about her leaving the show? It just said she didn't return a call from Dan after shooting the scene, but that's it... 
She said that she knew how many years she had signed on for (indicating that this was it for her) when they asked her if it was a shocl tp leave the show.  More than likely, Uncat will be played by a new actress and they'll have her wear a veil or something similar.   Why pay Fairley big money when you can pay someone else next to nothing?   Especially since Uncat doesn't even really talk?
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 03 June 2013 - 08:53 AM.
3166	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-03	There's too few awards around for best casting ensemble. To me a good ensemble trumps having one stand out actor so I think ensemble awards should be the most prestigious.She said that she knew how many years she had signed on for (indicating that this was it for her) when they asked her if it was a shocl tp leave the show.  More than likely, Uncat will be played by a new actress and they'll have her wear a veil or something similar.   Why pay Fairley big money when you can pay someone else next to nothing?   Especially since Uncat doesn't even really talk?It's not indicating anything that she's not spoiling the show in interviews.
3167	sati	2013-06-03	She said that she knew how many years she had signed on for (indicating that this was it for her) when they asked her if it was a shocl tp leave the show.  More than likely, Uncat will be played by a new actress and they'll have her wear a veil or something similar.   Why pay Fairley big money when you can pay someone else next to nothing?   Especially since Uncat doesn't even really talk?I cannot imagine them getting someone else to play UnCat.
3168	Warrior Queen	2013-06-03	She deserves an Emmy for sure.
I loathe Cat in the books... and I've said this before, Michelle truly made me feel guilty about hating Cat.
I started reading the books years ago and never cried about Cat's death or for Cat's pain when loosing her son, but when I watched last night's episode I did. I admit it. I cried, loudly. 
She is one hell of an actress, I truly felt her pain.
3169	Sand11751	2013-06-03	Did anyone catch the chat Michelle Fairley did today at HBO? http://connect.hbo.c...chelle-fairley/ I liked that among the questions she answered was one about what Cat would tell Arya and Sansa as a last bit of advice, "Remember who you are." Cat never lost sight of the basic person she was, despite losing Ned, her younger boys (supposedly) and then Robb. I think it's the worst thing that she never firmly found out only one of those children predeceased her, but like real life, sometimes you just miss that particular boat. Kudos to the actress for really showing the depths of Cat whenever she had screen time. Scenes I'll always remember: the last time she and Ned kissed goodbye, when she captured Tyrion, when she saw Ned's bones and of course, that last horrified but resigned howl of grief.
3170	Blazing Vortex	2013-06-03	Michelle definitely delivered an award-winning performance in the episode, but I also have to give major props to Maisie Williams for her performance as well.
I think the final scenes with Arya were the most heartbreaking for me, and it was mostly because of how Maisie acted the scenes out. That look of joy on her face when she was approaching the Twins - you could just see it in her eyes that after all this time, she was finally going to see her family again. And then how her face changed to sheer terror when she saw the guy from Winterfell getting slaughtered. It was gut-wrenching for me. Amazingly powerful acting from Maisie and she didn't even have any lines in that scene.
					
					
							Edited by Blazing Vortex, 03 June 2013 - 09:19 PM.
3171	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-03	Michelle Fairley was outstanding! So was Maisie, they both break my heart.  There's too many to choose from on this show to be deserving of an Emmy.  The cast on this show is beyond anything I think I've ever seen.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 04 June 2013 - 07:09 AM.
3172	Maizel	2013-06-03	Among the best performances of the show, for sure. 
I hated her so fracking much for the entire run of the show. 
I could not muster a grain of any sympathy I felt for her in the books.
But this last scene stole it for me. She was dead long before she was killed. 
Fairley is undoubtedly a great actress. She has redeemed herself in my eyes and them some.
3173	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-03	Make sure to use commas in the right places, when you write that letter...Ouch. I was a little shaken obviously.I can do grammar!
					
					
							Edited by ZeroTheCat, 03 June 2013 - 10:41 PM.
3174	congokong	2013-06-03	Eh, she was ok. We all perceive it differently.
3175	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I don't think she has a chance at an emmy with one episode. My vote is still for DanySeriously? lol Everyone i know says she's terrible.
3176	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-03	The Emmy system is well not really predictable, but i hope, she gets nominated at least if not win the Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series (Cause well Ensemble cast) The episode this one in particular has to be seen, cause when they nominate they do it by episode, its an HBO show so its likely and the performance was good, But i expected Lena to get one for Blackwater for last year but this was probably better than that.Also Peter Drunklage for his Wedding episode. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Thats a good point about the episode being the performance submission. Her performance was riveting and transcendent in this episode, but I hope Emmy voters will see her more subtle scenes early on in the season, and how well developed her arc was despite its book to screen shortcomings. I think the attention this episode will get will definitely put her performance this season into perspective. The scene is a powerhouse, but one that has legitimate meaning to the progression and destruction of a character. Much more rounded performance and character arc I would say than anything I've seen in the supporting field for a long while. Too bad Michelle Fairley had so little screentime this season, she is an awesome actress and she did a great job with her RW scenes. It would be great if she received at least a nomination.Yeah, I feel as if they sort of made up for that a bit in the beginning, when Cat was advising Robb. It was so hard steeled and pointed with Cat's cunning; a cunning that I think was watered down, exemplified in the freeing of Jamie Lannister. I think they could have given her more politically driven scenes in regards to the war and still kept her "motherly" emotional side they seemed to favor. Sorry for the double post btw.
3177	Flea Bottom	2013-06-03	Does anyone know the time frame for submitting nominations for Emmys?  If the date has already passed, I don't think HBO would have leaked the RW by submitting Fairley's amazing performance in this scene.  If the submissions haven't happened yet, then I think (hope/pray) that she has an excellent chance for a nomination.
3178	Dolorous Nick	2013-06-04	That performance, in my opinion, was right up there with Jaime's bathtub confession and Tywin's dressing down of Tyrion in the first episode.  I've seen a lot of gruesome death scenes in cinema and television, but I've never seen an actor/actress just mentally check out and resign herself to the slaughter.  That was an intense way to play it and (can't wait to get dressed down by purists for this one!) far more haunting to me than the clawing of the face/hysterical laughter from Storm of Swords.  Cutting the sound at the end was a nice touch and sealed the deal to an amazing scene.
3179	Woman of War	2013-06-04	I do not know how much we will see from Lady Stoneheart in the show but I will miss Michelle Fairley as Cat sooo much! Just as I miss her in the books, she is much more complex than saintly but straightforward Ned ever was.
Fairley's face can do wonders, she can smile happily while being thouroughly sad. Did you realize how her voice had changed when she pledged for Robb's life? And remember the moment when she got Ned's bones in S2, her eyes!
I am even more infatuated with HBO Cat than I am with book Cat, and that tells a lot.
Sigh /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3180	lightbringer333	2013-06-04	All hail to Milf in the north. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3181	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	The look on her face after robb's killed, you can literally see her heartbreak and her soul dying before they slit her throat. At the moment I was like nothing arya or anyone dies to avenge them is gonna take that Away, Too much has been lost.
3182	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-06-04	She did a great job! but then again she always does, some of her scenes this season have been excellent(The Jon talk with Talisa comes to mind). I reckon she and Charles Dance ought to get nominations.
3183	Jethro	2013-06-04	I was in total awe of her performance last night. Never seen anything like it.
On top of that EVERYONE in that scene, in that room were doing a stunning performance.
Those 5-10 minutes are probably the best ive seen in television.
3184	King Tyrion I	2013-06-04	She was awesome in this ep and every other she appeared in.
She deserves an Emmy as recognition of her acting.
And she's one of the reasons why I like Cat.
3185	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	she was actor of the episode for me, and she has been outstanding this season, but unfortunately i dont see her getting one, though she deserves it (but if all actors who deserved an emmy got one GoT would win them across the board)
3186	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	Michelle Fairly is a goddess, she deserves an Emmy.
3187	Vuron	2013-06-04	She said that she knew how many years she had signed on for (indicating that this was it for her) when they asked her if it was a shocl tp leave the show.  More than likely, Uncat will be played by a new actress and they'll have her wear a veil or something similar.   Why pay Fairley big money when you can pay someone else next to nothing?   Especially since Uncat doesn't even really talk?I know it sounds a little far-fetched that they would replace Michelle as Uncat, but something strange is going on.  I was going to start a thread on this very topic, and maybe we should.I've been online almost constantly since the episode aired Sunday night.  I was just reading reactions and watching videos.  There are a number of posts, interviews, and tweets where other cast members are saying that they are going to miss Michelle after her wonderful scene.  I don't understand why she would mention that she knew how long she had signed if it had no bearing.  And she is one of the cast that has actually read the books, so she knows what's supposed to happen next.So either...1) Most of the cast hasn't read the books and they really don't know about Uncat (I can't believe it wouldn't have even been mentioned).2) They been told to act dumb about the future (doesn't seem right to me because some of the posts were very emotional and I can't seem them being that clever).3) Michelle is being replace with another actress to play Uncat.4) Uncat will not be in the show.
3188	stannisismyking	2013-06-04	I would say (2) - Uncat is an amazing reveal. 
She's not really going to be a regular on the show really, unless they give Uncat more scenes?   It's like she'll be a playing a different person as well /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3189	Maizel	2013-06-04	Im wondering as well whether we'll see Uncat,  and whether she will be played by Fairley. 
I'm hoping we will see Uncat, The Beric revivall seems to hint that we will,  otherwise the whole revival thing will be a one shot deal and I doubt they would put in something so 'gamey' just to not use it later.
I don;t know whether it will be Fairley, though. They have enough wiggleroom with an undead person to have the role be played by other,  and cheaper actresses.
Though I really do hope it'll be Fairley though.
3190	Sniraga	2013-06-04	Michelle Fairley was amazing as Cat. I remember how disappointed I was after Jennifer Ehle was replaced by her, but she's truly shown her merit. Cat's character was occasionally written almost unrecognizable, but Fairley always managed to rise above that and make her impressing.
I always took it for granted we will get our UnCat and MF will continue as her, but now I'm getting unsure with all this speculation whether she'll be cut altogether or replaced by UnTalisa... /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
3191	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I know it sounds a little far-fetched that they would replace Michelle as Uncat, but something strange is going on.  I was going to start a thread on this very topic, and maybe we should.I've been online almost constantly since the episode aired Sunday night.  I was just reading reactions and watching videos.  There are a number of posts, interviews, and tweets where other cast members are saying that they are going to miss Michelle after her wonderful scene.  I don't understand why she would mention that she knew how long she had signed if it had no bearing.  And she is one of the cast that has actually read the books, so she knows what's supposed to happen next.So either...1) Most of the cast hasn't read the books and they really don't know about Uncat (I can't believe it wouldn't have even been mentioned).2) They been told to act dumb about the future (doesn't seem right to me because some of the posts were very emotional and I can't seem them being that clever).3) Michelle is being replace with another actress to play Uncat.4) Uncat will not be in the show.My vote is 4).  HBO would never be so stupid to replace her with another actress for no reason, so 3) is out.  2) It's possible, but the interviews and what has been said seem heartfelt, she sounds like she's leaving and is sad about it.  1) Not every actor has read the books, but a number of them have including Kit and Alfie and I think even Michelle read Storm of Swords this season so she knows Uncat is a possibility.The only other option would be that they're going to use her for cameos only in the future after this season
3192	Nictarion	2013-06-04	Too bad Michelle Fairley had so little screentime this season, she is an awesome actress and she did a great job with her RW scenes. It would be great if she received at least a nomination. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This episode just made me upset how much they under utilized Fairley's acting skills all damn season.
3193	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	The only other option would be that they're going to use her for cameos only in the future after this seasonI think that's most likely.  As for this season, they may have filmed her seen as UnCat before shooting the Red Wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2013 - 08:48 AM.
3194	Birdsong65	2013-06-04	Personally, I'm really hoping they are just trolling book walkers and unsullied alike.
Because I. WILL. CUT. A. BITCH.
She may not win, but the ever-lovely Fairley deserves a nomination for that 10 minutes worth of screen time.  Seriously, if one can watch that, and not feel something, the nominating committee can go and fuck their souless selves.
3195	Lux in Tenebris	2013-06-04	Great work in this episode, but its a long shot that she gets nominated, never mind wins. Other than her Jon Snow diatribe, what other scenes did she have this season? Everything was her being overshadowed. Hopefully this episode gets some credit.
3196	Lux in Tenebris	2013-06-04	My vote is 4).  HBO would never be so stupid to replace her with another actress for no reason, so 3) is out.  2) It's possible, but the interviews and what has been said seem heartfelt, she sounds like she's leaving and is sad about it.  1) Not every actor has read the books, but a number of them have including Kit and Alfie and I think even Michelle read Storm of Swords this season so she knows Uncat is a possibility.The only other option would be that they're going to use her for cameos only in the future after this seasonYeah when I first read her interview saying she knew how long she had signed on for and knew this was at an end I had a "wtf!? no lady stoneheart" moment. It would be great to keep her around, she one of the best actors and could have KILLED some stoneheart scenes.
3197	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Yeah when I first read her interview saying she knew how long she had signed on for and knew this was at an end I had a "wtf!? no lady stoneheart" moment. It would be great to keep her around, she one of the best actors and could have KILLED some stoneheart scenes.Yeah, she would be an awesome Lady Stoneheart, she definitely has the acting chops for it, but it seems like the show is not going to do this.  I'm also not sure she really had enough screen time this season for an Emmy nomination, but I guess we'll see eventually.
3198	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Repost:  Again!  I don't know what's happening to my posts this morning!I thought her performance was absolutely spectacular - couldn't possibly have been any better.  Unfortunately, I guess I'm cynical (or maybe disillusioned is a better word) enough not to expect it...I could be wrong, though, with Tyrion's being nominated and winning after Season 1 (so well deserved) . . . perhaps there is "Emmy justice" out there, after all.
3199	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	I always took it for granted we will get our UnCat and MF will continue as her, but now I'm getting unsure with all this speculation whether she'll be cut altogether or replaced by UnTalisa... /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Ohh, please God NO! I don't want see that poor excuse for an actress again, ever.
3200	Maizel	2013-06-04	I think the acting was fine,  it was the role and character that sucked.
3201	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	I think the acting was fine,  it was the role and character that sucked.That sucked too.
3202	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	That sucked too.LOL, I finally decided after she had the same vacant, blank look in the last episode that she had in so many of her previous scenes she isn't a very good actress, that type of stuff can't be blamed on bad writing or the role or character.
3203	nubreed000	2013-06-04	I wasn't entirely sold on the end. The scream felt a little of and I would have directed it a bit different. Would have liked her to go down on her knees.Yea, those last 5 seconds were really weird/awkward for me. I was expecting her to go hysterical, that would've been more powerful. And I hate that they took out the "Not my hair" line. Like wtf?!?
3204	David Selig	2013-06-04	Why the hell would they have UnTalisa instead of UnCat? A blind man could see that Michelle is the better actress by far and I doubt even HBO would go as far as to put UnTalisa into sex scenes...
3205	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-04	Yea, those last 5 seconds were really weird/awkward for me. I was expecting her to go hysterical, that would've been more powerful. And I hate that they took out the "Not my hair" line. Like wtf?!?She never even said that in the book. She thought it.
3206	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	LOL, I finally decided after she had the same vacant, blank look in the last episode that she had in so many of her previous scenes she isn't a very good actress, that type of stuff can't be blamed on bad writing or the role or character.Exactly. She had the same look dead as alive. Fish eyes. Perhaps that was why she was so good at playing dead.
3207	Retorus	2013-06-04	Yea, those last 5 seconds were really weird/awkward for me. I was expecting her to go hysterical, that would've been more powerful. And I hate that they took out the "Not my hair" line. Like wtf?!?People keep saying this and it's because she never says it, she thinks it. It would've been really weird and out of place.
3208	episodenone	2013-06-04	1 great scene does not win you the Emmy.
3209	The King Of Limbs	2013-06-04	I'm with the majority. Loved her performance as Cat. But how can people possibly think they will cut Uncat? She ties in to a pretty important storyline, closes Beric's arc and gives viewers some epic Frey revenge. Yeah...we're getting Uncat. The show has never deviated that far from the novels.
3210	Maizel	2013-06-04	1 great scene does not win you the Emmy.Emmy's are a sham anyway.  I've seen Emmy's given away for a lot less.
3211	cybobbie	2013-06-04	I really think that Michele nailed it on the ending scene. I think it was perfect, different from the book, but still great IMO. I thought that she would shred her face in the end, but I'm ok that they decided to go the way they did.Her catatonic state in the end was very touching and had a great impact for me.
3212	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-04	1 great scene does not win you the Emmy.You'd be surprised. Each Emmy nominee submits one episode of the show as an example for the judges to view. If Michelle Fairley submitted 'The Rains of Castamere', it would be a very strong piece of work to submit.Also, I call bullshit. I also thought her scene with Blackfish earlier in the season was very, very fine acting. Heartwrenching.
3213	nubreed000	2013-06-04	People keep saying this and it's because she never says it, she thinks it. It would've been really weird and out of place.No it wouldn't have been. I thought so at first but after thinking it over it could've worked well. She could've dropped to her knees and sob, then one of the Frey's would grab her by the hair to open up her neck and in that moment she whispers beggingly "Not my hair, Ned loves my -" cut.
3214	Istakhr	2013-06-04	She was incredible this episode, but except her Jon Snow monologue I don't think she had any other major scene this season and I doubt these two can be enough for an Emmy.
In general I think during the last 3 seasons of GOT, she has been consistently good with incredibly poor material she has been given. Hopefully this means she can give some life and sense of realness to Stoneheart role which in my opinion is going to come as flat and unbelievable in a visual media even if played as written in the books.
3215	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	What a horrifying, and fucking spectacular piece of television. Fairley was beyond bloody fantastic. Give this wonderful woman an emmy!
3216	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Without her internal monologues, Cat going hysterical would have been SO out of place. This was perfect for the Red Wedding the show gave us. That few seconds at the end ARE SUPPOSED TO MAKE YOU FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE. Wonderful, wonderful acting. I simply can not sing her praises loud enough!!
3217	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	I've seen that scene four times now and it just gets better and better. Michelle can really express a mother's despair so well. I cry every time I see it.
3218	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	It's just the way her face transforms throughout the scene...spectacular...
3219	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	Awards mean fuck all tbh.
3220	Odie Wan Kenodie	2013-06-04	It's just the way her face transforms throughout the scene...spectacular...Yes, you can see how she is falls apart and dies, and that before the knife reaches the throat.
3221	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	Awards mean fuck all tbh.They probably mean quite a bit to the actors /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yes, you can see how she is falls apart and dies, and that before the knife reaches the throat.Definitely. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Horrible to watch, but so powerful.
3222	gash	2013-06-04	she was awful. just because someone is in an epic and tragic scene doesn't mean they are a good actor.
she looked like she had no clue however how to play the scene so just stood there like a plank and put on a croaky voice.
she won't be missed in this form. she'll be much more suited to playing zombie cat who only has to play one emotion.
					
					
							Edited by gash, 04 June 2013 - 06:51 PM.
3223	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-04	I didn't like here scream at the end I emphatically disagree with you.
3224	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-04	I don't think she has a chance at an emmy with one episode. My vote is still for Dany Michelle fairley has been in 8 of the 10 episodes of this season /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3225	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-04	I would say (2) - Uncat is an amazing reveal.She's not really going to be a regular on the show really, unless they give Uncat more scenes?   It's like she'll be a playing a different person as well /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> They probably will give her more. Not much happens in the 4th book and there's more time since robb is dead.
3226	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-04	Yea, those last 5 seconds were really weird/awkward for me. I was expecting her to go hysterical, that would've been more powerful. And I hate that they took out the "Not my hair" line. Like wtf?!?Really? I thought it was brilliant. I think her going nuts would have really been awkward. People forget, that translation from book to screen is incredibly hard to do, and quite often, two very different things. You can't just cut and pace something from your head and hope it works just as well. Perhaps they felt the overall tone and pacing of the episode was better served to give different direction to Michelle. Hell, they probably even filmed a few takes of her going bat shite crazy and thought it was a bit too much. We have to remember the show has always been much more subtle than the books (tonally and visually).IMO, she mirrored what we all were feeling. Emptiness. And the lack of movement, sound, or the battle outside I think, in those five seconds, is a nod too her inner monologue at the books. She's nothing and nothing else matters.  It's only when someone comes up behind her do we hear anything. Which I thought was interesting. Much like in the chapter, Cat only heard certain things, and those were only when she was about to go. Exactly. She had the same look dead as alive. Fish eyes. Perhaps that was why she was so good at playing dead.I thought this was worth pointing out to the people who criticize ones acting. Yes, its subjective I understand, but I never get why people seem to suggest that an actor have five thousand unique faces for each line they deliver. People who spot similarities, or lack of movement, in ones face are focusing on really trivial and redundant things to complain about. You lose out on the emotional/psychological side of the performance that can transform a persons face to be something else entirely. Eyes alone have a thousand faces. Again, I guess this is just more of a psychological thing, but its a shame if people hold standards to acting to the way someones face looks. 1 great scene does not win you the Emmy.As someone said before. You would be very surprised. Awards mean fuck all tbh.True, history will place Fairley among other performances on this show where they rightfully ought to be, but career wise, it means a great deal to actors and actresses to get such recognition. The industry runs on awards and the hype they build when casting projects otherwise unattainable to more capable unknown actors.
3227	aWildlingontheIronThrone	2013-06-05	Michelle Fairley's performance was breathtaking. That scream/moan/bellow she cried out was spot on, IMO. It was as if Catelyn articulated the horror, shock, rage, and despair with one heart-wrenching sound. Seemed like a more realistic response than a cliche piercing scream.
3228	jotabe1789	2013-06-06	While fully acknowledging that Michelle owned this episode... i have to say i was deeply impressed by David Bradley's delivery. He really made his character come alive, and his face of delight in front of the massacre was really disturbing. Also, his contemptuous unconcern when Cat threatens Lord Walder's wife.
					
					
							Edited by jotabe1789, 06 June 2013 - 12:12 AM.
3229	Batman	2013-06-06	Unfortunately The Emmy Awards are all dedicated to AMC because they are in love. Madly.Bryan Cranston deserves every one he got and any award he did not. Although Sean Bean should have been nominated.
3230	Batman	2013-06-06	No, if Mark Addy cannot get a supporting actor nod for his work in the first season, no one should get one.
3231	King Zee	2013-06-06	1 great scene does not win you the Emmy.actually yes it does.  Emmy dont judge you on your entire work in the season , they judge you on a single episode which is submitted by the studio.for example Peter DInklage was judged solely on his scene in Baelor where he was recounting his past with Bronn and Shae
					
					
							Edited by King Zee, 06 June 2013 - 08:08 AM.
3232	Terminator	2013-06-06	I don't think she has a chance at an emmy with one episode. My vote is still for Dany Are you kidding?? Daenerys the best actress in the show who deserve a reward??  Emilia Clarke is a pretty girl with pretty boobs...but where is her talent??   I really don't understand why she is always named like a talented actress who does a great job with her role of Daenerys. I think she is the worst actress in the show: she always have the same facial expressions. Indeed, she is afraid or seems lost or she is arrogant and it's all. I'm angry because I don't care of pretty actress I want look a talented actress.  I want an actress who can share feelings, who lives her role and who gives us all the emotions on screen. I want more actress like Michelle Fairley who is the definition of a good actress: SHE is the BEST actress in the show.  And all the award's nominations of Emilia Clarke are a joke, a big joke!! She is nominated only because her character is one of the most popular (thanks to the books!) and so she have a lot of fan.  To finish I advise her to continue playing naked for have others roles in movies.
3233	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-06	Are you kidding?? Daenerys the best actress in the show who deserve a reward??  Emilia Clarke is a pretty girl with pretty boobs...but where is her talent??   I really don't understand why she is always named like a talented actress who does a great job with her role of Daenerys. I think she is the worst actress in the show: she always have the same facial expressions. Indeed, she is afraid or seems lost or she is arrogant and it's all. I'm angry because I don't care of pretty actress I want look a talented actress.  I want an actress who can share feelings, who lives her role and who gives us all the emotions on screen. I want more actress like Michelle Fairley who is the definition of a good actress: SHE is the BEST actress in the show.  And all the award's nominations of Emilia Clarke are a joke, a big joke!! She is nominated only because her character is one of the most popular (thanks to the books!) and so she have a lot of fan.  To finish I advise her to continue playing naked for have others roles in movies.Thats harsh on Emilia Clarke but very true.
3234	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-06	she was awful. just because someone is in an epic and tragic scene doesn't mean they are a good actor.she looked like she had no clue however how to play the scene so just stood there like a plank and put on a croaky voice.No, she's good because she nailed the despair and horror that Cat was going through at the scene and made people feel for her. Not to mention that Michelle Fairley has always been consistently good throughout the series. And you can't blame her for that standing there like a plank. Complain to the director.
3235	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	No, she's good because she nailed the despair and horror that Cat was going through at the scene and made people feel for her. Not to mention that Michelle Fairley has always been consistently good throughout the series.And you can't blame her for that standing there like a plank. Complain to the director.It's best just to ignore that poster.
3236	LadyStoneheart~	2013-06-06	I agree, I really hope she ends up getting some kind of award for her performance in this episode. It was seriously one of the bets bits of acting I have ever seen.
3237	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-06	I don't even like Catelyn, and Michelle Fairley made me feel for her in those final moments of the Red Wedding. I'd definitely call that good acting. 
It was a stunning performance, and I would support Michelle Fairley for an Emmy nod.
3238	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-06	It's best just to ignore that poster.Tis he a troll or something? I'm new here /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3239	Pink Viper	2013-06-07	While fully acknowledging that Michelle owned this episode... i have to say i was deeply impressed by David Bradley's delivery. He really made his character come alive, and his face of delight in front of the massacre was really disturbing. Also, his contemptuous unconcern when Cat threatens Lord Walder's wife.This. David Bradley totally stole the show this episode.
3240	Adamsmmns	2013-06-07	Michelle Fairleys face when she was pleading for it all to end was all the proof of her ability I needed. Alot of people seem to be focusing on the last 5 seconds,  but her begs for mercy to walder frey were the real thing that showed the true horror of what was happening. There was clear strain and anguish in her voice and her entire face changed.  Bravo. 
David Bradley was amazing as well.
3241	Terminator	2013-06-07	Yes David Bradley it's the perfect Walder Frey. I love to hate him!
3242	Necromancer	2013-06-07	She should definitely win it. She brought her A-game this season and was absolutely phenomenal in that final scene.
3243	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-07	Are you kidding?? Daenerys the best actress in the show who deserve a reward??  Emilia Clarke is a pretty girl with pretty boobs...but where is her talent??   I really don't understand why she is always named like a talented actress who does a great job with her role of Daenerys. I think she is the worst actress in the show: she always have the same facial expressions.Agree to disagree. She was fantastic in the first season, suffered from a crap storyline in Season 2, and did very well Season 3. Honestly, it comes from direction and material. She reads the books, but reads the scripts, adn ultimately suffers from conflicting perspectives and directions for her characters. To say she is a terrible actress, quite honestly, is not true. There are no terrible actors on this show. There may be mediocre ones, but only in very small roles. Emilia is becoming a fine actress and if D&D can handle her character right, she'll deliver quality seasons ahead. They've let the character slip into a Viserys esque personality, and haven't made up for it equally in her valor and honor. Also, I'd say she has one of the most diverse range of faces in the cast if you are that materialistic about the quality of someones performance. I mean...have you SEEN her eyebrows?
3244	teemo	2013-06-07	Clarke is better this season and for some weird reason she's much better when speaking Valyrian.  I always have put her in the top 5 worst actors list though.  And after seeing her reallllllyyyyyyyyyyyy terrible performance in Breakfast at Tiffany's, it's hard to take her seriously at all anymore.  I felt embarrassed for her just watching.  It was bad.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 07 June 2013 - 09:07 PM.
3245	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-07	Clarke is better this season and for some weird reason she's much better when speaking Valyrian.  I always have put her in the top 5 worst actors list though.  And after seeing her reallllllyyyyyyyyyyyy terrible performance in Breakfast at Tiffany's, it's hard to take her seriously at all anymore.  I felt embarrassed for her just watching.  It was bad.I saw her on Broadway as well. I thought she was really good. Really camp, dramatic, over the top but I thought it fit the character. Too many critics were thinking about Hepburn. When she met her southern dude near the end, I felt her subtly came through. She was playing two different people, with her real identity underneath it all.I also met her afterwards. She's stunning and nice as one could be.
					
					
							Edited by ZeroTheCat, 07 June 2013 - 11:55 PM.
3246	Conchobar	2013-06-08	Why are people talking about Emilia Clarke in this thread?
3247	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-08	Why are people talking about Emilia Clarke in this thread?She was mentioned in contention for the Emmys. Which would interfere with Fairley's chances.We all know Fairley gave the better performance. Second to none. Just stronger material.
					
					
							Edited by ZeroTheCat, 08 June 2013 - 07:43 AM.
3248	HouseHarrison	2013-06-08	I think if GoT gets an emmy, it should go to NCW for this scene:https://www.youtube....GUh5oOM#t=1m51s
3249	Conchobar	2013-06-08	She was mentioned in contention for the Emmys. Which would interfere with Fairley's chances.We all know Fairley gave the better performance. Second to none. Just stronger material.I think Fairley was underused in the series, and under-appreciated by fans on here, but it is glad to see some people are giving her what she deserves!
3250	Terminator	2013-06-08	Michelle Fairley was underused this season and it's a big shame she doesn't have more screentime.Clarke is better this season and for some weird reason she's much better when speaking Valyrian.  I always have put her in the top 5 worst actors list though.  And after seeing her reallllllyyyyyyyyyyyy terrible performance in Breakfast at Tiffany's, it's hard to take her seriously at all anymore.  I felt embarrassed for her just watching.  It was bad. My friend saw her too on Broadway and he told me how much she was bad and this confirms what I think on her. End off-topic
3251	Net-Viper X	2013-06-09	She definately did a remarkable job, she made every scene she was in more realistic and believable. She just puts off this vibe from the very beginning that she knows something terrible is going to happen and all is going to end in flames.
3252	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-09	There are no terrible actors on this show.I'M SHAAE DAA FUNNEH HOOOOAR!
3253	ZeroTheCat	2013-06-09	I'M SHAAE DAA FUNNEH HOOOOAR!Well I did say terrible...not mediocre. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I've seen Sibel in other things. She's actually quite good. I just think she has trouble with delivery in another language. Something gets lost in translation. I believe she's working hard though so I give her props. Anywho. Emmy's all around. And I swear if Professor McGonagall wins for Downton...Julia Roberts vs. Ellen Burstyn caliber right there. *knock on wood she gets nominated at least*
3254	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-09	Michelle Fairley was underused this season and it's a big shame she doesn't have more screentime.My friend saw her too on Broadway and he told me how much she was bad and this confirms what I think on her. End off-topicMichelle Fairley was underused this season and it's a big shame she doesn't have more screentime.My friend saw her too on Broadway and he told me how much she was bad and this confirms what I think on her. End off-topic I don't get why everyone is saying this. She has like the 4th most screen time out of all the cast members.Think about it - she's in like every scene robb is in and more. So if you think she's underused, you'd have to say the same about Richard Madden.
3255	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-09	She is underused this season. Her scenes are brief and she mostly just sits there as furniture with usually a couple of lines or so. Besides the 2 monologues about Jon and Bran & Rickon, she didn't have a lot to do until "The Rains of Castamere".
3256	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-09	Well I did say terrible...not mediocre. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I've seen Sibel in other things. She's actually quite good. I just think she has trouble with delivery in another language. Something gets lost in translation. I believe she's working hard though so I give her props.Anywho. Emmy's all around. And I swear if Professor McGonagall wins for Downton...Julia Roberts vs. Ellen Burstyn caliber right there. *knock on wood she gets nominated at least*I haven't seen her in anything else, but I think she's dreadful here. She wasn't too bad in Season 1 and 2, but my God, I cringed whenever she spoke this season, especially the scene where she nagged Tyrion about finding Sansa attractive.
3257	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-09	Are you kidding?? Daenerys the best actress in the show who deserve a reward??  Emilia Clarke is a pretty girl with pretty boobs...but where is her talent??   I really don't understand why she is always named like a talented actress who does a great job with her role of Daenerys. I think she is the worst actress in the show: she always have the same facial expressions. Indeed, she is afraid or seems lost or she is arrogant and it's all. I'm angry because I don't care of pretty actress I want look a talented actress.  I want an actress who can share feelings, who lives her role and who gives us all the emotions on screen. I want more actress like Michelle Fairley who is the definition of a good actress: SHE is the BEST actress in the show.  And all the award's nominations of Emilia Clarke are a joke, a big joke!! She is nominated only because her character is one of the most popular (thanks to the books!) and so she have a lot of fan.  To finish I advise her to continue playing naked for have others roles in movies.Lol Emilia is still in the top 5 actresses.1. Lena Headey2. Maisie3. Michelle Fairley4. Emilia Clarke5. Lol10. Sansa
3258	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-09	Yeah, Littlefinger did point out that Sansa is a terrible liar. Sophie Turner is great, though!
...sorry, couldn't help it.
3259	Leonardo	2013-06-10	Lol, HEY Dany is more than just pretty boobs
I do agree after Season 1 "I need dragon tthis fire and blood DRAGONS" kind of got annoying; the Qarth stuff was almost wince-worthy
3260	SerJeremiahLouistark	2013-06-10	Wow, just wow.  I knew it was coming, I thought I was prepared, I was wrong.  Michelle was amazing, absolutely amazing, I haven't been that moved by a television show scene since Shane Vendrell dropped the grenade in Lem's lap in The Shield.  I give kudos to Madden as well.  I was completely destroyed and I knew it was going to happen.
3261	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-13	Lol Emilia is still in the top 5 actresses.1. Lena Headey2. Maisie3. Michelle Fairley4. Emilia Clarke5. Lol10. Sansa Brienne, Sansa and Melisandre are better actors than Emilia.
3262	TalalOfDorne	2013-06-15	She certainly deserves it.
3263	DamienBabingtonFBF	2013-06-18	Yes, she definitely did a great job of expressing the precise emotions that a mother in her situation would. I really hope she gets nominated. I also did a review of season 3, you can check it out at:http://fastbreakforum.comThanks!
					
					
							Edited by DamienBabingtonFBF, 18 June 2013 - 07:07 AM.
3264	Howie Manderly	2013-06-18	I didn't like here scream at the end try watching your last child be brutally killed and see if u dont scream lol
3265	Winters	2013-06-27	Yes. Very Good.
					
					
							Edited by Winters, 27 June 2013 - 07:23 PM.
3266	Mr Smith	2013-06-03	that Robb never got Jeyne with child? I'd be surprised if they'd do what they did to Talisa if Robb having a living heir was meant to be important, but its possible. Thoughts?
3267	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	Almost definitely. Besides, Elio said he was 99% certain that the clue about the hips was just a mistake on GRRM's part.
3268	Damon_Tor	2013-06-03	that Robb never got Jeyne with child? I'd be surprised if they'd do what they did to Talisa if Robb having a living heir was meant to be important, but its possible. Thoughts?Seems that way, though the novels weren't exactly abuzz with evidence to the contrary.  You know, seeing as her mother was sneaking her birth control disguised as a fertility elixir and all.
3269	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-03	Probably, I can't see them changing something that drastically. An heir is too important to kill off. 
However, I'm curious about the Will that never happened and Jon being named Heir? Does this reveal the will has no importance to the story?
3270	Lebron  James	2013-06-03	Pretty much
3271	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Yep.
3272	Newstar	2013-06-03	Yup.
3273	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-06-03	Probably, I can't see them changing something that drastically. An heir is too important to kill off.However, I'm curious about the Will that never happened and Jon being named Heir? Does this reveal the will has no importance to the story?The will is with Lord Reed and Lord Reed has some other information that will trump the will.
3274	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	Yeah, I pretty sure that clue was a mistake on GRRM's part. I don't think they would change something this important.
3275	Joey Beers	2013-06-03	No heir. Just hair. Curly, and black. 
Humidity and Snow. Both resolves the same.
North and South.
No blame in the game. Just fame due to maim, 
ing.
Tame,
ing
The small folk into fealty.
Gentrification,
Cut your hair.
Robb has no son.
Ahhh!
Snow bear!
Jon.
Has hair.
Seen bear.
Death stare.
This was just a drunken dare.
Test me.
Test me.
Best me.
3276	StannisandDaeny	2013-06-03	Even though if you were part of the world, it'd be disturbing, I'm so happy Talisa died. It's even better that this does seem to mean, no Robb's heir from the traitor Westerling family will come into play (such a child would simply be smothered by her traitor mother or worse, turned against the North as a fake means to control it, they could brainwash it while he / she was young). Now I just need to see some Westerlings dying by Wolves and I'll be happy.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 03 June 2013 - 05:03 AM.
3277	Independent George	2013-06-03	that Robb never got Jeyne with child? I'd be surprised if they'd do what they did to Talisa if Robb having a living heir was meant to be important, but its possible. Thoughts?Yep. Though I'm sure there are some true believers who will retain hope.
3278	SeventySeven	2013-06-03	It doesn't imo, because they're not the same character. They made a point of making them into different characters and naming them differently.
3279	Kienn	2013-06-03	Yep, just like it proves Bran is the only person ever anywhere to warg a human.
3280	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Yep, just like it proves Bran is the only person ever anywhere to warg a human.The producers know how the series will end, if they change something this big...it's because it's not important in the long run AKA Jeyne isn't pregnant.Then again, it could just be a total mind fuck directed at the readers.
					
					
							Edited by The French Lion, 03 June 2013 - 06:39 AM.
3281	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	It doesn't imo, because they're not the same character. They made a point of making them into different characters and naming them differently.True, but you'd think for 2 guys who know how GRRM will end it, that killing off Robb's heir would be a big decision...unless Robb's heir is either Jon or Bran/Rickon.
3282	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	The will is with Lord Reed and Lord Reed has some other information that will trump the will.I doubt the information of 1 bannerman trumps the Will of the dead king.
3283	Cadiva	2013-06-03	It doesn't imo, because they're not the same character. They made a point of making them into different characters and naming them differently.I agree with this, I don't understand why people amalgamate Jayne Westerling and Talisa into the same character, I think the show's made it pretty clear they're not supposed to be and that she was written as a TV show character specifically.
3284	Runaway Penguin	2013-06-03	Yeah, I pretty sure that clue was a mistake on GRRM's part. I don't think they would change something this important.To be frank, the clue suffered from over-analysis (as many minor details do). Cat didn't think in the books "she has wide hips", but "she has good hips" - that doesn't necessarily mean too wide, and for Jaime, being a male, her hips may look narrow (esp. if she generally didn't care much about herself since RW so she was probably a bit underfed as well).
3285	Greiffenstein	2013-06-03	For a certain reason I was never convinced by the theory that Jeyne Westerling is pregnant. And that reason is Rickon. He doesn't do much in the books and seems even less important in the show. They could have easily cut his part out like they did with many others. But instead they even kept him in the 3rd season although he isn't even in the books anymore from that point on. I can think of only one reason why they did his: He will be the one to rebuild Winterfell and House Stark later on. But Rickon could never become Lord of Winterfell if Robb had a child.
3286	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	To be frank, the clue suffered from over-analysis (as many minor details do). Cat didn't think in the books "she has wide hips", but "she has good hips" - that doesn't necessarily mean too wide, and for Jaime, being a male, her hips may look narrow (esp. if she generally didn't care much about herself since RW so she was probably a bit underfed as well).The Jeyne Westerling is pregnant and swam out of Riverrun with the BF or was otherwise spirited away secretly theory was always crackpot.  But, since they made Talisa a totally different person I doubt her death is going to stop people from believing it.
3287	julyleo	2013-06-03	No heir. Just hair. Curly, and black.Humidity and Snow. Both resolves the same.North and South.No blame in the game. Just fame due to maim,ing.Tame,ingThe small folk into fealty.Gentrification,Cut your hair.Robb has no son.Ahhh!Snow bear!Jon.Has hair.Seen bear.Death stare.This was just a drunken dare.Test me.Test me.Best me. Did you just make that up?
3288	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	yeah im pretty sure she isn't pregnant, or if she is (which ive doubted from the start) I don't think anything will come of it.
3289	ServantOnIce	2013-06-03	It doesn't imo, because they're not the same character. They made a point of making them into different characters and naming them differently.This.  I thought Jeyne was pregnant and lost the baby in a river of moon blood.
3290	Isy	2013-06-03	Honestly, while we might like to lift clues from the TV show and apply them to the book, they are two very different beasts. TV show looks for single-season arcs: having Talysa hanging about Riverrun for the next few seasons would have no impact. What happened in episode 9 gave a lot more impact that worked very well. In the books Jeyne's fate will remain uncertain until we read otherwise.
3291	Joey Beers	2013-06-03	Did you just make that up?Yes. Quite drunkenly...haha.
3292	A Redeemed Hound	2013-06-03	So why the frick didn't they just make Talisa Jeyne Westerling?  Why the name change and the Volantis stuff?
3293	Gannicus	2013-06-03	The theory is done.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 03 June 2013 - 10:49 AM.
3294	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	So why the frick didn't they just make Talisa Jeyne Westerling?  Why the name change and the Volantis stuff?Because they wanted Robb to have a hot on-screen romance with a sexy young exotic modern nurse rather than a quiet honorable innocent off-screen marriage to a young girl who doesn't get to have any steamy sex scenes in a war tent.
3295	Janicia	2013-06-03	I think it is still possible that book Jeyne will play some small role in the story, but it was never likely that she or any baby she might claim was going to be important in the story line.  The great northern conspiracy is backing Jon or Rickon; they don't want a difficult-to-authenticate southern baby as their figurehead.  ASOIAF has lots of little threads that weave around and I think it would be nice to follow her thread farther. But she's not part of the main plot anymore.  So I wouldn't take her TV death to mean that we won't see her again in the book - it just means that she won't be central to the story anymore.
3296	GeorgeIAF	2013-06-03	Yep, another one bites the dust.
3297	mrlukeduke	2013-06-03	Jeyne preggers theory never made sense to me either. I like to think this was their way of finally closing the topic.
Interesting about the Blackfish too.
3298	Stag Country	2013-06-03	The theory made sense and was quite sound....particularly the part about the little sister seemingly not accounted for as Jaime watches them leave Riverrun.
It was, however, not openly stated in the book and was based on speculation.
What I'm bummed about is that we now may not have the exchange between Jaime and the Blackfish, and we definately won't have the scene where Jeyne or Fake Jeyne has to had the crown over to Jaime. Could have been a good TV moment.
3299	Lord Tyrion's Whore	2013-06-03	To be frank, the clue suffered from over-analysis (as many minor details do). Cat didn't think in the books "she has wide hips", but "she has good hips" - that doesn't necessarily mean too wide, and for Jaime, being a male, her hips may look narrow (esp. if she generally didn't care much about herself since RW so she was probably a bit underfed as well). /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Kind of like the evidence for Talisa being a spy...
3300	The Monkey	2013-06-03	Wise choice by GRRM. With Bran, Rickon, Sansa and Jon Snow already candidates for the next lordship of Winterfell, we don't need Robb's child to mess things up further.
3301	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	Wow I am so glad there are some people on this forum who can think about the connection between the show and the books logically and practically without just robotically regurgitating 'show is not book canon'. I agree with whoever said upthread that she might have been pregnant and miscarried the child, but as for Robb having fathered an heir - not going to happen. As for those who say Robb did father a child but the child won't have that much of an impact on the story which is why they could cut it out of the shows, familiarise yourself Chekov's law.
3302	flinn	2013-06-03	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Kind of like the evidence for Talisa being a spy... I disagree. If anything the gave us a red herring. They went out of their way to point towards Talisa being a spy.Especially the scene where Tywin says "we are waiting on the young wolf to fail and he will not fail, unless we help him." The very next scene shows Robb meeting Talisa...http://www.wetpaint....a-lannister-spy Red herring, but the evidence was there to support it. Not just overanalyzing.
3303	kephv	2013-06-03	No, it doesn't.
Unless Robb not naming Jon his heir disproves the fact that it means something in the books. Or that not including Coldhands means that he won't be important or show up again.
I never believed this theory, but I wouldn't put too much weight on the things the show does differently from the books.
3304	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	^^^^^^ But that is clearly not an apt comparison. In both those cases the show writers could easily take a slightly different path to arrive at the same point. How can Robb father an heir in the show from the grave if it is going to happen in the books? If you accept that Robb fathering an heir would have an impact on the plot, then you must also accept that it can't have happened as there is now no possible way that it could happen in the show.
3305	Reposado	2013-06-03	i dont really think anything on the show can confirm anything in the books.
if they can change things that we know happen in the books, they can change things we think happened in the books
and if they need something to help them out now, they will clearly sacrifice a potential plot element down the road
3306	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	^^^^^^ How can you be so obtuse? You really think that if Robb fathered a child that becomes important down the line in the books D&D wouldn't know about it? And if they knew about it they would just go 'nah don't like that really important part of the story'. This is not like the omission of Strong Belwas or jesters, or the death of Mago. This is something that would become fundamental to the story if it were true.
3307	Zorral	2013-06-03	Has there been any other television series created from a long, multi-volume work-still-in-progress-of-being-written, while the television series is being broadcast?  The Sookie Stackhouse books tend to stand alone, they don't count so much, and neither the television series team or the author made claims they were one and the same, as they so clearly are not. 
It feels very much as if the book series is going to merge with the television series, and  following or not as they choose the author's choices for the conclusion, the television series will be essentially finishing the books series as it concludes the television series.
3308	King Tam Stark	2013-06-03	Yep, just like it proves Bran is the only person ever anywhere to warg a human.adds credability to the theory that theres warging in the theon sample chapter from TWOW@ the op the close up of talisas stomach getting stabbed was possibly a nod to book readers that he didn't get jeyne with child if that makes any sense lol
3309	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	This was a bad theory to begin with.
3310	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	This was a bad theory to begin with.Yes.  Crackpot to begin with, but I guarantee you that people will not let it go until the rest of the books are out and no pregnant Jeyne Westerling ever shows up.
3311	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-06-03	Yes.  Crackpot to begin with, but I guarantee you that people will not let it go until the rest of the books are out and no pregnant Jeyne Westerling ever shows up.As they will with other theories and hoped-for outcomes.
3312	Khal Porno	2013-06-03	I don't understand why people are upset that the show indicates that something that happened in the books can be taken at face value, and was likely INTENDED to be taken at face value.
3313	kephv	2013-06-03	If you accept that Robb fathering an heir would have an impact on the plot, then you must also accept that it can't have happened as there is now no possible way that it could happen in the show.I don't accept that. You're the one making that assumption. But let's say it does; it's still just a minor point unless the Westerlings suddenly gain a lot of power. But as the Westerlings don't exist in the show, they can ignore it completely if they want: the plot is complicated enough as it is and they've mentioned this is as large as the show's going to get. And as you say, they can always take a slightly different path if they need another heir to Winterfell.
3314	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	It confirmed it for me
3315	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-03	while i don't know if it 100% confirms that there is no baby. I assume that if Robb had a kid and he ended up being KOTN or Lord of Winterfell than that would be too big a thing to change.
3316	Montey14	2013-06-03	but does it really matter if he names Jon in the will...he refused Stannis  when he had the chance to give him Lordship and he probably would have refused Robb being that he was Lord Commander of NW.....I think the story is leaning towards rickon taking over the lordship ...Sansa will not get it for she is still techinically married to Tyrion eventhough the marriage was never consumated....they are still married no?
3317	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I don't understand why people are upset that the show indicates that something that happened in the books can be taken at face value, and was likely INTENDED to be taken at face value.It was. People don't want to hear it, but GRRM has told people that Jaime's description was just a MISTAKE. Her own god damn mother said she was making sure she wouldn't get pregnant. But some people can't let go of their theories.
3318	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	^^^^^^ How can you be so obtuse? You really think that if Robb fathered a child that becomes important down the line in the books D&D wouldn't know about it? And if they knew about it they would just go 'nah don't like that really important part of the story'. This is not like the omission of Strong Belwas or jesters, or the death of Mago. This is something that would become fundamental to the story if it were true.Especially since D&D have said they know how it will all end.
3319	Bob the Fiddler	2013-06-03	I think this episode confirms that Coldhands will not be in the show, which is a bummer.  
I'm with the people that say it is dubious to read too much into how the show might affect future books.  GRRM will do what he wants to do.  His objectives, resolving one of the greatest fantasy epics of all time, and HBO's objectives, making a slick/sexy/successful mini-series, are not aligned.
3320	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I think this episode confirms that Coldhands will not be in the show, which is a bummer.  I'm with the people that say it is dubious to read too much into how the show might affect future books.  GRRM will do what he wants to do.  His objectives, resolving one of the greatest fantasy epics of all time, and HBO's objectives, making a slick/sexy/successful mini-series, are not aligned.Again, D&D know how it will end. Do you really think if Robb had a baby in the books, and they knew about it, that they would still kill it? That would be way too much of a big thing to change, even they aren't that stupid.
3321	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-06-03	Yup.
3322	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-06-03	So why the frick didn't they just make Talisa Jeyne Westerling?  Why the name change and the Volantis stuff?If D&D want to alter a character to better serve the themes of the show, GRRM ok's it, but asks them to just re-name the character/change up their back story, so it doesnt interfere with the spirit of the character he created in the book. Got this from "A Podcast of Ice and Fire"...They said this renaming is why we have "Locke" instead of "Vargo Hoat".  (im just re-purposing this theory to fit Talisa, which seems essentially similar)B-list characters that serve the same plot points as their book counterparts, but are ultimately different enough that they should remain tv-show creations.
3323	Rhasgul	2013-06-04	Yep, just like it proves Bran is the only person ever anywhere to warg a human.Nope, Varamyr actually wargs Thistle as well. He fails in taking over control, but he CAN warg a human. And to be honest, he failed cause Thistle resisted, and I doubt Hodor is a really strongminded person to resist this kind of thing. I'm sure Varamyr could have warged Hodor too
3324	DemonKing	2013-06-04	It's been a while since I read the books but I'm pretty sure Jayne Westerling's mum was slipping her the Westeros version of the pill to make sure there would be no complications with regards to the succession, remembering at that stage with Bran and Rickon officially dead, Robb genuinely dead and Jayne not up the duff with Robb's child Sansa would then become the heir hence the reason she was married off to Tyrion.
3325	Bayard	2013-06-04	Yeah, she is not pregnant, but the theory had 2 parts, the pregnancy, and the escape. They weren't necessarily connected. I still find it very hard to believe that the Blackfish would have just abandoned his queen in the hand of the Lannisters.
3326	Kienn	2013-06-04	Nope, Varamyr actually wargs Thistle as well. He fails in taking over control, but he CAN warg a human. And to be honest, he failed cause Thistle resisted, and I doubt Hodor is a really strongminded person to resist this kind of thing. I'm sure Varamyr could have warged Hodor tooSorry, I guess my use of three superlatives weren't enough to get across the sarcasm in text and the implication that the show is different(see show-Jojen telling Bran that he's the only person anywhere that can warg a human) from the books and doesn't really prove anything.
3327	Ponys123	2013-06-04	I think it was a way of doing away with that theory once and for all, what with the graphic belly-stabbing and all that.
3328	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-06-04	I actually like how D&D seem to want to use the TV show to kill certain theories.
3329	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	that Robb never got Jeyne with child? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, now can everyone shut up about the miraculous conception of Robb's heir.
3330	Olympia	2013-06-04	Probably, I can't see them changing something that drastically. An heir is too important to kill off.However, I'm curious about the Will that never happened and Jon being named Heir? Does this reveal the will has no importance to the story?I'm also wondering about this. I was waiting for Robb to speak to his mum about it but given that Talisa revealed that she's pregnant, he never thought about naming another heir in case something happens. It's a problem for me that he didn't name Jon his heir (and that he also didn't legitimize Jon) because you know the ASOIAF app? The one that's apparently approved by GRRM? It says that Jon is Robb's heir. How the hell now are they going to establish that in the TV series when they already killed off only guy who made Jon his heir? There's a big hole and it's staring at me and it really bothers me.
3331	tmug	2013-06-04	I still think she is a Lannister spy. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
What about the Blackfish theories? I was sure he'd die with the rest and take the part of both Small/Jon Umber with the table. Now what?
3332	sennahoj	2013-06-04	Actually, when Robb married Talisa in the series, and she got pregnant, I was under the delusion, that Talisa and baby would flee to Volantis (hence the constant name-dropping), and that meant that the real Jeyne (and baby) had also been shipped off to Essos seeing as there's a family connection via the grandmother (?). Glad that's all off the table now. But even though it was an added bit, the stabbing of Talisa's and her unborn child was the single most gruesome detail of the Red Wedding on screen. In terms of shock value, the scene totally delivered for me.
3333	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I still think she is a Lannister spy. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />What about the Blackfish theories? I was sure he'd die with the rest and take the part of both Small/Jon Umber with the table. Now what?We'll find out the Blackfish escaped.  They were never going to cast the actor and have him in a handful of episodes just to kill him off at the RW, especially since he's still alive in the books.Talisa was not a spy, of course people can feel free to make up more imaginary back theory to support their theory if they want, no one can stop them, but the fact that she was killed and there was no reveal of her being a spy is very, very strong evidence she wasn't a spy.  Either they threw in the weird looks as a red herring or she's just a bad actress.
3334	Maizel	2013-06-04	I doubt Robb's (im)possible son will have any impact on the show.
I'm sure the show will end long before any Stark is is lord of anything.  except for maybe Jon.
3335	Ghost's Shadow	2013-06-04	Maybe there's going to be a flashback to before the RW where Robb does name Jon heir? Adding it to the previous episode would have announced too much to Unsullied.
3336	Eddard the Builder	2013-06-04	Yes it does.  George himself wrote the episode where Talisa reveals she is preggers.  The fact that she dies at the show RW, kills that theory imo.
3337	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	I have given up trying to predict anything about 'the future' in books or tv, but my sense from the book was that there was still a possibility, though extremely remote that Jeyne could be.  The books have seemed to pole vault ahead to other major events, but of course that doesn't rule it out completely.  The tv series varies so much from the books, but is the thinking that at least the episode that GRRM writes each season is true to the book?  I guess it would have to be.
3338	Tadco26	2013-06-04	I think all that it "confirms" is that if Jeyne had a baby it isn't going to be on the iron throne at the end of the story.  It doesn't preclude the baby from existing and being killed, or playing a role that doesn't change the ultimate end story, that D&D decided to cut or alter.  Talisa's death doesn't tell us that Jeyne is going to die.  Talisa being pregnant doesn't mean that Jeyne actually was pregnant.  There too many changes in the story to say that they mean very much to what will happen in the future books.
3339	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I think all that it "confirms" is that if Jeyne had a baby it isn't going to be on the iron throne at the end of the story.  It doesn't preclude the baby from existing and being killed, or playing a role that doesn't change the ultimate end story, that D&D decided to cut or alter.  Talisa's death doesn't tell us that Jeyne is going to die.  Talisa being pregnant doesn't mean that Jeyne actually was pregnant.  There too many changes in the story to say that they mean very much to what will happen in the future books.I really don't think so.Anything about Robb Stark's heir would be a major plot line in the books and would be a huge divergence no matter what happened.The most obvious answer is that Jeyne Westerling is not going to do anything significant in the future and may not even appear again, which is why they were able to completely change her character and get away with it, because it ends up the same place: Robb's wife plays no future role in the series on any level.
3340	Cheese Pudding	2013-06-04	Well, I never thought that Jeyne's possible pregnancy would be that important to the books (justregarding the Black Fish). She won't play a major role at the books, and since imo we won't see the future, it doesn't really matters if Robb's son turns to be Winterfell's heir or not.
But, as I said, she can still be pregnant.
So, summarizing my opinion: It does not prove she's not pregnant, but it gives 99,9999% of chance that she won't play a major role at TWoW and/or ADoS.
3341	Tadco26	2013-06-04	I really don't think so.Anything about Robb Stark's heir would be a major plot line in the books and would be a huge divergence no matter what happened.The most obvious answer is that Jeyne Westerling is not going to do anything significant in the future and may not even appear again, which is why they were able to completely change her character and get away with it, because it ends up the same place: Robb's wife plays no future role in the series on any level.All of Dany's season 2 story line was a huge plot divergence, and it's likely they will do alot more in the future.  Especially if they go thru with their plan to make books 4 and 5 into one season, which would require cutting huge chunks of content.http://io9.com/game-...to-pr-508275905If Jeyne had a baby, it just means that the plot didn't ultimately matter to the end of the whole story.  Which makes sense considering 2 more books should cover 2-4 more years of time for the characters, making Robb's heir as a 2-4 year old kid would be a pretty uncompelling choice to "win" the game of thrones, even if GRRM decided to make some compelling sub plots around the heir's existence. It's just kind of contradictory to me, to say that pregnant Talisa's death means no chance there was a baby, when by that logic, Talisa being pregnant should mean that Jeyne was pregnant.  Not that I really am a proponent of Jeyne being pregnant in the first place, but so many character's and story lines have been significantly altered that I don't really think it matters much as "proof" of anything.
3342	Fengari	2013-06-04	It doesn't prove Jeyne wasn't pregnant, but it proves that if the was, the child will not play an irreplaceable role in the books.
3343	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	All of Dany's season 2 story line was a huge plot divergence, and it's likely they will do alot more in the future.  Especially if they go thru with their plan to make books 4 and 5 into one season, which would require cutting huge chunks of content.http://io9.com/game-...to-pr-508275905If Jeyne had a baby, it just means that the plot didn't ultimately matter to the end of the whole story.  Which makes sense considering 2 more books should cover 2-4 more years of time for the characters, making Robb's heir as a 2-4 year old kid would be a pretty uncompelling choice to "win" the game of thrones, even if GRRM decided to make some compelling sub plots around the heir's existence.It's just kind of contradictory to me, to say that pregnant Talisa's death means no chance there was a baby, when by that logic, Talisa being pregnant should mean that Jeyne was pregnant.  Not that I really am a proponent of Jeyne being pregnant in the first place, but so many character's and story lines have been significantly altered that I don't really think it matters much as "proof" of anything.Tailsa is dead so there is no heir=Jeyne is not pregnant so there is no heir.  It ends up in the same place. But, I always knew once they changed her to "Talisa" that whatever happened to her character would never be enough to quell the Jeyne Westerling is pregnant theory.I assume the people who clung to the idea that Rob Stark wasn't really dead in the books have been convinced, but maybe not.As for Dany, nothing happened to her in Qarth of any significance except the House of the Undying, so there is no fundamental change, although I would say they should not have killed people in the show who are still alive in the books.
3344	Yukle	2013-06-04	It doesn't prove Jeyne wasn't pregnant, but it proves that if the was, the child will not play an irreplaceable role in the books.Given the massive emotional fallout that is still ravaging my Facebook feed, I can only guess that had GRRM realised he could've added yet more emotional weight to the Red Wedding by stabbing a pregnant Jeyne, perhaps he may have written that in from the beginning.Jeyne's character isn't needed beyond the Red Wedding and the TV show gives her a much more significant exit from the series.
3345	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	As for Dany, nothing happened to her in Qarth of any significance except the House of the Undying, so there is no fundamental change, although I would say they should not have killed people in the show who are still alive in the books.Yeah, I don't get the Dany S2 thing. So they took an already boring storyline and made it even worse, but the end result was the same -- which is that basically nothing interesting happens and Dany gets a ship and decides to go somewhere other than Westeros to let her dragons grow.
3346	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I will miss Oona on the show. She had a great butt.
3347	Newstar	2013-06-04	I actually like how D&D seem to want to use the TV show to kill certain theories.I love it. Crossing those suckers off the fan theory list, one by one.
3348	Citadel_acolyte	2013-06-04	Not only was the mother feeding her birth control as another poster pointed out, but my sense of the passage of time in the novel would make a pregnancy unlikely.  If Jeyne had been impregnated by Robb before the RW, there would already have been some evidence of her condition by the time Jaime encounters her and her mother at Riverrun several months later.
3349	Lord Ben	2013-06-04	Not only was the mother feeding her birth control as another poster pointed out,We don't know that happened, we only know the mother reported to Tywin that it happened.  Lots of things are reported by lots of people that turn out to be untrue.  And Tywin wouldn't be the first person betrayed by the Spicers.I'm not saying I disagree with anything posted, but pledges of fealty and loyalty to Tywin Lannister after the Red Wedding shouldn't be taken as evidence.   If there is ever a time to lie to him about whether or not you let your daughter carry the heir it's right after he won the war....
3350	lannistergold	2013-06-04	I always thought that part of the tragedy of the Red Wedding was that, in addition to killing Robb, it left him with no direct descendant. As soon as I heard that Talisa was pregnant, I knew she was a goner.
3351	Viking	2013-06-05	I doubt the information of 1 bannerman trumps the Will of the dead king.This is why I think there is one more person who knows who Jon Snow's Mother is. OG perhaps? Though my personal theory remains (search through my posting history). They could have brought up the issue of Jon in a scene where they hear about Sansa's wedding and the unsullied would just have thought "aawww that's sweet, Jon Snow can be a real Stark now".
3352	Swagwell	2013-06-05	I will miss Oona on the show. She had a great butt.Hear hear!
3353	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Yeah, I don't get the Dany S2 thing. So they took an already boring storyline and made it even worse, but the end result was the same -- which is that basically nothing interesting happens and Dany gets a ship and decides to go somewhere other than Westeros to let her dragons grow.Well the only thing i can think of is someonewill have to replace Xaro when he shows up again in ADWD. but there were no major changes to the overall plot, she still ended up exactly where she was in the book, except without Belwas and Barristan.
3354	Cadiva	2013-06-05	So why the frick didn't they just make Talisa Jeyne Westerling?  Why the name change and the Volantis stuff?I'm guessing because it meant they only needed to introduce one character instead of having to cast at least four - ie Jeyne, her mother, her father and her brother - and introduce the whole bannermen of the Lannisters helping a Stark after the battle storyline. It's far easier to have one woman explain her background to Robb and voila all done and dusted.
3355	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	I'm guessing because it meant they only needed to introduce one character instead of having to cast at least four - ie Jeyne, her mother, her father and her brother - and introduce the whole bannermen of the Lannisters helping a Stark after the battle storyline. It's far easier to have one woman explain her background to Robb and voila all done and dusted.Probably easier to film on a field than to have to build a new set or do some SFX to make the castle that the Westerling live too i.If Robb got hurt like he did in the book.
3356	mediterraneo	2013-06-05	It doesn't imo, because they're not the same character. They made a point of making them into different characters and naming them differently.I am one of the "head banging" blind followers of the theory, but I really really think that she was renamed just to let the Frey kill her: no mother would have sent her daughter to be slaughtered, she would have asked Tywinn the guarantee on her safe return for the great service given to House Lannister, and he would have given his word. And said that to Walder Frey too: anything to the boy (AND kill him) the girl safe. If she has no living Lannister valuable allies, she can be killed.I still think she is a Lannister spy. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Well, being that she is not a Westerling anymore, she is not protected by anything, and she is deniable. Tywinn may have choosen not to say anything to the Frey on who his spy was, and Walder Frey may have decided that Tywinn would have bleed to avenge a bannerman of his, but not for a quite random volantene. a lot of seeds were there, but a lot of seeds were made even to establish that Ros was trying to let Tyrion understand that he could have an ally in Baelish's house, and it ended up just being a bad joke on Pod, which included three of Littlefinger's girls deciding - knowin what that implies -to become un profitable Littlefinger's girls.I doubt the information of 1 bannerman trumps the Will of the dead king.Well, to be honest that is the exact same thing that Ned said to Cersei Lannister, seconds before arresting her. Good point.Wow I am so glad there are some people on this forum who can think about the connection between the show and the books logically and practically without just robotically regurgitating 'show is not book canon'. I agree with whoever said upthread that she might have been pregnant and miscarried the child, but as for Robb having fathered an heir - not going to happen. As for those who say Robb did father a child but the child won't have that much of an impact on the story which is why they could cut it out of the shows, familiarise yourself Chekov's law.^^^^^^ How can you be so obtuse? You really think that if Robb fathered a child that becomes important down the line in the books D&D wouldn't know about it? And if they knew about it they would just go 'nah don't like that really important part of the story'. This is not like the omission of Strong Belwas or jesters, or the death of Mago. This is something that would become fundamental to the story if it were true. Well George, I feel you should familiarize better with Checkov's gun. The point is that in a stage piece you shouldn't put a gun on the stage if nobody ever THINKS about using it.As we have seen even in present of the smoking body of Aegon dead, people will try to slide their own candidate down. Try look wikipedia about "False Dmitri".With the sheer quantity of "true" and "legitimate" heirs in the series, I feel that the legal importance of Robb's will's heir and of Robb's wife child, "Aegon's", Daenerys, Renly's, Stannis, Edric Storm's, Gendry's, Theon's, Jon's, Tyrion's, Jaime's, Cersei's Arianne', Rickon's "Arya's" and everyone else's birthright over anything is just as valid as Moonboy's. They are worth exactly as much as people believes.The "It's a trick..A shadow on the wall..." part of the thing.And at the end of the book series, it could even equate to zero even from a narrative standpoint. Even if the chance for the Westerling doesn't materialize. That is, she is not yet pregnant with a baby of Robb, she is not (forcibly?) impregnated sooon to let the dates blur and sell the children as Robbs, no auburn or black haired alternative is at the same age Robb's heir would have had.They could use it, as Varys and Illiryo are suspected to be using that same trick on "Aegon".That gun IS already being used so it has all of the reasons to stay up there on the stage.There are people wanting to believe in anything in the Forum, and maybe I am far too often one of them, but there are people terribly wanting to believe in anything in the narrative world too. Maybe Jon Connington is one of them. Or are you saying that naming with the same name both Ned's and Raegar's best friend is just another confusing mistake by Martin, and not a Checkov's gun? My take is one of the two: Checkov's gun, or Red Herring's gun.As I'm already very boring a too long in this post, I'll write on Red Herring's guns on another post.
3357	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-05	It doesn't kill any theory
the books will take a different path from the tv show
George can still give Robb a heir in the books if he wants
3358	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	It doesn't kill any theorythe books will take a different path from the tv showGeorge can still give Robb a heir in the books if he wantsYou can keep telling yourself that but if you think the TV show will not include a major plot changing event that the books included then you're deluding yourself. Not only does Robb having an heir make no sense in the books, but the inclusion of an unborn heir now with about 2-3 years of story left would just be stupid.
3359	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-05	You can keep telling yourself that but if you think the TV show will not include a major plot changing event that the books included then you're deluding yourself. Not only does Robb having an heir make no sense in the books, but the inclusion of an unborn heir now with about 2-3 years of story left would just be stupid.Why? I don't think it's stupid, it would be really awesomeWe don't now how much time span George will make in the last two books, maybe at some point, some years will pass
3360	Abaddon	2013-06-05	For a certain reason I was never convinced by the theory that Jeyne Westerling is pregnant. And that reason is Rickon. He doesn't do much in the books and seems even less important in the show. They could have easily cut his part out like they did with many others. But instead they even kept him in the 3rd season although he isn't even in the books anymore from that point on. I can think of only one reason why they did his: He will be the one to rebuild Winterfell and House Stark later on. But Rickon could never become Lord of Winterfell if Robb had a child.I can think of a much simpler explanation for why the show didn't cut Rickon.  In the books Merra and Jojen were at Winterfell when it was sacked, so Osha could take Rickon immediately, without leaving Bran without a protector.  In the show, that wasn't the case.  So they had to stay as a group.  The only other thing they could do, honestly, would be to kill him off.I think Rickon will be important in some way later on... but this isn't one of the reasons.
3361	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	Why? I don't think it's stupid, it would be really awesomeWe don't now how much time span George will make in the last two books, maybe at some point, some years will passIt's not going to happen in the books.  Not only did Jeyne's mother give her a potion to ensure she wasn't pregnant, but Jamie makes a point of saying she can't get married for I think 2? years to ensure no child of hers can be passed off as Robb's child.There is no evidence her mother was a triple agent.  No evidence Jeyne was switched except in people's minds and it would not make any sense that her mother would go along with such a scheme to begin with, since she had already thrown in her entire lot w/the Lannisters and at that point the Starks are completely done for as far as anyone knows, it would be suicidal for Sybil Spicer to have cooperatedin such a scheme.But, again I say I realize that the Jeyne Westerling is pregnant theory is not giong to die until the last book is written and out and there is no Jeyne Westerling being pregnant, LOL.
3362	Abaddon	2013-06-05	I think the more interesting detail is that Robb didn't make Jon his heir as in the books.  Of course Robb wouldn't do that since Talisa was pregnant, it wouldn't have made sense.  But that means that little plot point is either irrelevant (in the grand scheme of things) or the show has deviated on a pretty central point.  I'm going to guess the former...
3363	Greywolf2375	2013-06-05	Because they wanted Robb to have a hot on-screen romance with a sexy young exotic modern nurse rather than a quiet honorable innocent off-screen marriage to a young girl who doesn't get to have any steamy sex scenes in a war tent.Hopefully sarcastic - they could have given Jeyne any background they wanted from the standpoint of how they met, where her family is, what her personality is, etc.  Unless the Westerlings play some more important role in the future, the name change didn't buy anything,The theory made sense and was quite sound....particularly the part about the little sister seemingly not accounted for as Jaime watches them leave Riverrun.It was, however, not openly stated in the book and was based on speculation.What I'm bummed about is that we now may not have the exchange between Jaime and the Blackfish, and we definately won't have the scene where Jeyne or Fake Jeyne has to had the crown over to Jaime. Could have been a good TV moment.No, the theory was not sound - it was based on nonexistence of information rather than what was given in the books.I disagree. If anything the gave us a red herring. They went out of their way to point towards Talisa being a spy.Especially the scene where Tywin says "we are waiting on the young wolf to fail and he will not fail, unless we help him."The very next scene shows Robb meeting Talisa...http://www.wetpaint....a-lannister-spyRed herring, but the evidence was there to support it. Not just overanalyzing.Agreed - I think this is one of the few times in the TV show they have been able to really pull of a bait and switch.I doubt the information of 1 bannerman trumps the Will of the dead king.Well, considering the information that bannerman would have would state that the bastard son of Ned Stark is actually the son of Lyanna Stark and Rhaegar, yeah, it would trump it.Again, D&D know how it will end. Do you really think if Robb had a baby in the books, and they knew about it, that they would still kill it? That would be way too much of a big thing to change, even they aren't that stupid.Yes - the killing of the dead usurpers baby wouldn't be a big event from a plot standpoint, we've seen that happen before with the reputation of The Mountain smashing a baby to death.  Based on what the Lannisters would know, I could easily see them ordering young Eddard (or whatever the kids name would be) offed.
3364	Tadco26	2013-06-05	There are plenty of compelling arguements to be made just based on the book to say Jeyne isn't pregnant.  It still doesn't change the fact that Talisa's fate on the show doesn't "prove" anything.  It wouldn't prove or disprove the theory any more if Talisa wasn't pregnant on the show.  The kid could die later in the books.  The Starks could remain so far out of power that the heir just doesn't matter to the final outcome.  Xaro has a role in the future while in the show he appears to be left to die and since his character was completely different anyway there isn't much chance he could fill the same role even if he survived being locked in the vault.  Jhaqo has a role in the future and has died on the show.  Irri and Jhiqui are still alive in the books.  The show doesn't necessarily care who is alive or dead in the books.
On a side note, I never agreed with the idea that getting to the same destination means nothing changed.  If one person hitch hikes across the country from Los Angeles, gets mugged and has no money or aid, has to sleep outside, beg for food and barely makes it in one piece, and another one takes a first class flight without incident, and they both travel to New York, you can't really say nothing important was different between their experiences because they got to the same spot.  The experiences along the way are what shape the character and make the story.
3365	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-05	Well, considering the information that bannerman would have would state that the bastard son of Ned Stark is actually the son of Lyanna Stark and Rhaegar, yeah, it would trump it.No, it wouldn't. Why would anybody believe it? Any bannerman of any Lord can make up a story like that, just because it's Howland Reed, people will believe? Makes no sense.
3366	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-06-05	Don't you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride a horse?
3367	Ross2013	2013-06-05	Maybe there's going to be a flashback to before the RW where Robb does name Jon heir? Adding it to the previous episode would have announced too much to Unsullied.I've always thought the will is just an unnecessary red herring, so I hope its out of the show.  At best, (assuming Robb could circumvent the Westeros laws of succession), its just a piece of paper.  As Cersei once said, Eddard had a piece of a paper too.  That cost him his head.  Plus, Stannis would have made Jon legitimate.  Jon didn't want it.
3368	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-06-05	Plus, Stannis would have made Jon legitimate.  Jon didn't want it.I believe Robb wanting to make Jon Lord of Winterfell would have been different in Jon's eyes than Stannis wanted to do it. Still, Robb's will would seem to be not as important as I thought given it hasn't been included on the show.
3369	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I think the will has a role to play in the books, whereas on the show Jon being Ned Stark's son, a proven leader, and competent politician will be enough for the northern conspirers to look to him. I subscribe to the GNC theory)
But without the will I'm not sure how they'll explain Jon's acceptance of it all. Perhaps it won't matter since after aDwD he might be done with the NW, or the NW might be done altogether, and thus he will accept.
3370	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	Yeah, I don't get the Dany S2 thing. So they took an already boring storyline and made it even worse, but the end result was the same -- which is that basically nothing interesting happens and Dany gets a ship and decides to go somewhere other than Westeros to let her dragons grow.After this season, every Dany scene could just be a musical montage of her feeding her dragons, and frolicking with them, and then one of them tries to lift her into the air (No, not big enough yet) Next episode- same scene, but the dragons are a liiiittle bigger) She would also be naked sometimes. There. Seasons 4&5 re-written for Dany.
3371	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	After this season, every Dany scene could just be a musical montage of her feeding her dragons, and frolicking with them, and then one of them tries to lift her into the air (No, not big enough yet) Next episode- same scene, but the dragons are a liiiittle bigger) She would also be naked sometimes. There. Seasons 4&5 re-written for Dany.The Harpy/Harpy's Sons storyline could actually be considerably improved for TV (i.e make us actually care about the Harpy). I know a lot of people are rightfully hesitant to believe they can rewrite Dany successfully after S2, which they did make worse somehow, but there's enough good story to actually work off of, if condensed a bit. Actually the key really would be to condense it and it will already be an improvement.There's only so much you can do with an unreasonably drawn out storyline where every other nearby character is a one dimensional asshat. Just spend the time between Quentyn's arrival, Drogon eating children, and Jorah getting exiled on talking about Rhaegar and Aerys.
3372	Lyanna_Lou	2013-06-05	I know I'm a newbie, so please forgive me if this has been discussed, but I always looked at Robb's will to be inspired by Henry VIII's will, which named Mary and Elizabeth as heirs but never legitimated them. Then Edward overturned that devise before he died, which is how Lady Jane Grey was briefly made queen. After that, Mary became queen, which in effect carried out Henry VIII's will. Perhaps we'll see a Tudor parallel in future books?
3373	Zman1863	2013-06-06	I believe Robb wanting to make Jon Lord of Winterfell would have been different in Jon's eyes than Stannis wanted to do it. Still, Robb's will would seem to be not as important as I thought given it hasn't been included on the show.I agree that Jon would have seen Robb's offer of legitimacy differently than Stannis's, but I don't think the result would have been any different. I also see the will as a red herring where the only real purpose is to demonstrate Robb's regard for his brother, something that Jon is insecure about (he dwells on that memory of Robb telling him he'd never be Lord of Winterfell for instance).  I think Jon would be touched by the will's validation and I think he would more keenly feel the temptation that went with it. But I think Jon would ultimately refuse as he did with Stannis. I don't really go with these theories that Jon will simply be out of the NW on the technicality that he is "dead." At bottom, Jon is committed to the NW mission and his vows. Though temptation to break the commitment is a central theme in his story, I think he will ultimately come out as Aemon did. I know I'm a newbie, so please forgive me if this has been discussed, but I always looked at Robb's will to be inspired by Henry VIII's will, which named Mary and Elizabeth as heirs but never legitimated them. Then Edward overturned that devise before he died, which is how Lady Jane Grey was briefly made queen. After that, Mary became queen, which in effect carried out Henry VIII's will. Perhaps we'll see a Tudor parallel in future books?Now that you mention it, I actually see more of the dynamics surrounding Tommen and Myrcella since Joffrey died in the Tudor successions. The Jane Grey thing particularly reminds me of Myrcella's Dornish misadventure. I don't really see a clear inspiration for Robb's will in the Henry VIII, but I don't recall that part of the history too well.
3374	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-06-06	I think Jon would be touched by the will's validation and I think he would more keenly feel the temptation that went with it. But I think Jon would ultimately refuse as he did with Stannis. I don't really go with these theories that Jon will simply be out of the NW on the technicality that he is "dead." At bottom, Jon is committed to the NW mission and his vows. Though temptation to break the commitment is a central theme in his story, I think he will ultimately come out as Aemon did. I agree Jon will not be given an out of his vows to the Night's Watch. I believe he will choose to leave as an extension of them and feel that leaving the Wall is in the best interest of preserving it and upholding his oath to protect the realm. I do not believe his outcome will be as Aemon's.You are right that he has been tempted and with each temptation he moves further and further from the Wall both physically and in spirit. When he first learns about Ned's fate, he rides a few miles away but returns. The next time he "joins" the Wildings and lives with them for a while. Each time, he is willing to leave to do what he thinks is "right" but he eventually returns. I fully expect him to leave the Wall again and for a longer time but his heart remains with the Watch and if the Wall is destroyed as I believe it will be, he will return eventually if it needs to be rebuilt. However, the threat of the Others may be eliminated when all is said and done.
3375	ThinPaperWings	2013-06-06	Clearly fans of the theory that Jeyne was pregnant and can still deliver an heir are not going to let it go, and can use the book/show divide as justification.  Seems more emotionally driven than anything to me, but everyone's entitled to their views.   Still I'm convinced that Robb will not have an heir.  I agree that an heir would be such a significant plot point that D&D would not exclude it so blatantly.  We all know heirs are a HUGE DEAL in Westeros, so you can't really have an 'unimportant' Stark heir.
I would also argue that Robb's story is supposed to be a tragic one.  He makes a tragic (though understandable) mistake that costs him his life and forfeits all his military success.  For his mistake to also lead to his redemption (or the redemption of his line...just as good in the world of the books) by an heir is thematically stifling.  GRRM knows better.  He's given us plenty of characters who can rebuilt and/or revenge the Starks...Jon, Bran, Arya, Sansa, Rickon, Lady Stoneheart.
3376	Ross2013	2013-06-06	I think the will has a role to play in the books, whereas on the show Jon being Ned Stark's son, a proven leader, and competent politician will be enough for the northern conspirers to look to him. I subscribe to the GNC theory)But without the will I'm not sure how they'll explain Jon's acceptance of it all. Perhaps it won't matter since after aDwD he might be done with the NW, or the NW might be done altogether, and thus he will accept.Well, I haven't thought that there may not be a NW after the next book (nothing is safe..lol).  That could certainly change things for Jon, although he'd still have to be willing to put himself in front of Bran & Rickon (assuming they each survive long enough for people to know they're alive), and even Sansa (no longer a Lanister I suppose).  I don't imagine Arya will be showing up looking to claim anything.
3377	topopox	2013-06-06	The Issue on why the theory is kinda convincing, besides from diferences of description of Jeyne from Cat & Jaime's POV's. Is the fact that Brynden and Edmure seemed so full of themselves about something. Personally I don't think that the Blackfish was raising the Direwolf Banner out of nothing he seemed way too sure. And even though Edmure was smiling I don't buy that he was smiling just because the Blackfish escaped, considering that he is being sent to Casterly Rock as Hostage. Things just don't add up to confirm one way or the other.There were many Arguments against the theory though, if i should add one against it is how "Jeyne" reacts when Jaime asks for her pregnancy.IMO the Murder of Talisa on the TV Series does not confirm, mostly because they're not the same thing, starting season 2, the differences between the books are way too notable and the adaptation may deviate on some points. D&D were given indications and some elements on how is going to end the story. Whatever they do in the middle can pass without warning and finally her death was made mostly to compensate the absence of Robb's bannermen in the RW.What it probably confirms, is that if Jeyne does carry Robb's Child, it won't be playing some mayor Endgame Role in the next books.We should wait until Martin shows us what will happen in the arc of Jeyne/Blackfish if he plans to continue with that.EDIT: First Post, HI!
3378	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-06-06	The Issue on why the theory is kinda convincing, besides from diferences of description of Jeyne from Cat & Jaime's POV's. Is the fact that Brynden and Edmure seemed so full of themselves about something. Personally I don't think that the Blackfish was raising the Direwolf Banner out of nothing he seemed way too sure. And even though Edmure was smiling I don't buy that he was smiling just because the Blackfish escaped, considering that he is being sent to Casterly Rock as Hostage. Things just don't add up to confirm one way or the other.What are you talking about? Have you read the books?
3379	rondo has three heads	2013-06-07	I don't think it proves anything, but probably proves he/she won't be important.
GRRM went out of his way on Conan to mention that he did not kill Robb's wife in the books.
But think about it, the next two books might cover 3 years at most. Robb's 3 year old son could definitely feature in some important plots, but it's not like he's going to slay the Great Other..
3380	Necromancer	2013-06-07	I'd say so. I never bought the whole "Jeyne is pregnant" theory, anyway. But since all of Robb's siblings are still alive in the books (with the possible exception of Jon), there's still some hope for House Stark.
3381	Rhymes with Chic	2013-06-08	^^^^^^ How can you be so obtuse? You really think that if Robb fathered a child that becomes important down the line in the books D&D wouldn't know about it? And if they knew about it they would just go 'nah don't like that really important part of the story'. This is not like the omission of Strong Belwas or jesters, or the death of Mago. This is something that would become fundamental to the story if it were true. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> I keep saying this.  People keep not listening to me.
3382	Lyanna_Lou	2013-06-08	Now that you mention it, I actually see more of the dynamics surrounding Tommen and Myrcella since Joffrey died in the Tudor successions. The Jane Grey thing particularly reminds me of Myrcella's Dornish misadventure. I don't really see a clear inspiration for Robb's will in the Henry VIII, but I don't recall that part of the history too well.You could be right there, too. I haven't fully studied the Tudors as much as medieval kings of England, but even from the very first time I read the scene where Robb writes his will, I for some reason thought of Henry VIII. I know GRRM likes to make a lot of ties to history, so it was just a thought.At any rate, to get back on topic: JEYNE WESTERLING IS NOT KNOCKED UP WITH ROBB STARK'S HEIR.
3383	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-08	I don't think it automatically confirms it. What if Jeyne had a girl? The Starks kind of need Jon, if he's alive, or Rickon to carry on the line. Not only because they carry the last name, but if one of the girls married and the guy took their last name they would have to fear not having any power and their husband taking it all. Poor Sansa was already thinking that in book four, if I remember right. So if Jeyne had a girl that wouldn't exactly be important and they could easily have just cut it out for the show. IMO.
3384	Ghost's Shadow	2013-06-09	That ignores the part where she was continuously fed moon tea by mother dearest, and they said after Robb was dead that for the next two years they were going to make sure she didn't give birth so it couldn't be used as his.
3385	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-09	And it's been said its 100% affective? I can't recall. But unless it has I seriously doubt it is. Even birth control nowadays aren't. I do agree they won't let her birth the child even if she was.
3386	Montey14	2013-06-26	Maybe they are not completely done with Talisa.....perhaps for TV show purposes they will switch her with Catlyn in the role of lady stoneheart.....I wouldn't put it past them and it just might work for TV show....Instead of vengeful mother....you will have vengful zombie widow......just a thought and it could be why the introduced her to begin with ....
3387	Colonel Green	2013-06-26	I don't think it automatically confirms it. What if Jeyne had a girl? The Starks kind of need Jon, if he's alive, or Rickon to carry on the line. Not only because they carry the last nameNo, women can transmit the last name when they're the lady of the house in their own right.  We've seen that on several occasions (Flint, Mormont, Oakheart, Waynwood).
3388	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-26	No, women can transmit the last name when they're the lady of the house in their own right.  We've seen that on several occasions (Flint, Mormont, Oakheart, Waynwood).I know that but I'm saying it would be best if a male carried it on. Sansa's already worried about marrying and the person only wanting her for Winterfell and it's hard imagining Arya agreeing to marry and act like a lady. I just don't think the baby would be very important if it was a girl. Especially since Rickon would be older than her and the north is wanting to rally behind him. Not that it matters. Even though it would be nice for Jeyne to have some importance and be fleshed out more, I just don't see it happening and highly doubt she is pregnant.
3389	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-26	Maybe they are not completely done with Talisa.....perhaps for TV show purposes they will switch her with Catlyn in the role of lady stoneheart.....I wouldn't put it past them and it just might work for TV show....Instead of vengeful mother....you will have vengful zombie widow......just a thought and it could be why the introduced her to begin with ....Horrible change if they did that. I would seriously consider quitting watching the show. How is a vengeful widow more powerful than poor Cat who lost her whole family? I don't care how brutally she died, Cat's story is way more tragic than some show only character who really isn't all that interesting.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 26 June 2013 - 02:59 AM.
3390	Borias	2013-04-29	So, I'm the only book reader in my group of friends that love this show, so I want to whip up something rather special(and a little downright evil), that might inspire comments of, "Did you have to cook xxxx for this?"  I didn't get much other than a leg of mutton from the book.  So far all I really have is some red velvet cake.  I want to make it really RW inspired.  Anyone have any good ideas?
3391	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Have some of the things that the Hound claimed to be carrying. Salt pork and pickled pigs feet. Yum.
Plus you could find some dessert that looks sort of like a leech I suppose, but that's difficult.
Obvious choice would be fish, if you're not looking for quick, finger food.
Fried chicken drumsticks (the loud music)
uhhh IDK I'm out of ideas now LOL
3392	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	Also, you can get something to do with honey, for when the greatjon is drunk and singing bear and the maiden fair.
3393	Borias	2013-04-29	I could very easily have some mead on hand for the honey, and make....something with honey in it.
Chicken and turkey drumsticks would be pretty awesome, I've never had pickled pigs feet before(do you just buy them in a jar and eat them or?), and fish would be easy too.
3394	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-29	No idea. The yum comment after the pigs feet was sarcastic. Doesn't sound appetizing to me. I was thinking that you could perhaps arrange some kind of snack in the shape of arrows or something? Idk. Or have those little plastic sword skewers for some sandwiches. Or I'm sure they make arrows that are similar. I seriously just don't know lol. The stuff that I thought of was perhaps too subtle...I was also thinking that you could get like a toy wolf and stick it somewhere so that just the head is poking out (for when they kill Grey wind). Why limit it to the food? Put spoilers everywhere in your house! lololol
3395	Borias	2013-04-29	Oh that's so brutally wonderful, I love it.  I could get a sad looking stuffed wolf, lots of red streamers. banners, that sort of thing.
I think red colored cookies in the shape of arrows would be easy to do.  I kinda want it to be subtle tho, but after the end of the episode, everyone looks around at the place, and what they ate and go, "Oh what the hell!  That's cold!"
3396	ServantOnIce	2013-04-29	Hmmm   
1. A nice Turnips Dish
2.  A nice beef barley soup
3. Roast Lamb, you must have lamb . . . . . . . 
4. Mead, Wine, Ale, Lemon Water
5. Greens . .. . .
3397	Words of Winter	2013-04-30	These aren't true to the food in the story, but . . .
Direwolf Cookies. Maybe just the wolf head shape. Man shaped cookies and put them all together in a bowl.  I'm sure someone will bite the head off one in jest and put it on the other, perhaps before the deed is done not knowing what will happen. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
Bloody Mary's, Sangria, "Dornish" wine if you got it.  I would go with a nice Spanish red.  Maybe some nice filays of choice meat to go with it.
(I am getting both hungry and sickened by the meat idea)
3398	Borias	2013-04-30	Oh yeah, a sangria would be perfect for that time of year.  And I can easily get help baking cookies that look like swords and wolves and such from non book readers, because, well, they love the Starks (oh boy!) and who doesn't want a wolf cookie?
3399	Logodnica	2013-04-30	Sangria def. also get blood sausage from a Eastern European market. Let of mutton roasted in the oven with garlic and olive oil. A salad with red beets chopped in it. Red velvet cake for dessert.
3400	Mav Of The Canals	2013-04-30	Bread and salt.
3401	Dove	2013-05-01	^^^ hahaha this.... frey pie?I love the idea of wolf head cookies/or a wolf head cake. Fake them out with "Stark sigil dessert for a triumphant Stark episode" then whoops. The only thing that would make this better is if they did the "Robb with Grey Wind's head" reveal at the end of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 01 May 2013 - 12:38 AM.
3402	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	Bread and salt.Definitely, bread and salt!
3403	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	Elaborating on the bread and salt, you should make fettunta and have them in the table for your guests. It's just toasted bread rubbed with garlic while still warm, and then served with fresh EVO on the side along with coarse salt. You pour oil over the slice and salt to taste when eating. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.
3404	Borias	2013-05-02	The bread and salt is fantastic.  Even if it's just some sort of toast with garlic salt...
I've convinced my g/f (who hasn't read the books) to help me make lots of Stark wolf cookies.  That and red velvet cake for dessert.  Sangria and mead for booze.  Now just to decide on the main courses.
3405	Zar Lannister	2013-05-02	You're going to have a great party. You should have Lion Cookies for AFTER the wedding /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3406	King Tyrion I	2013-05-02	Bread and salt.Definitely this.You're going to have a great party. You should have Lion Cookies for AFTER the wedding /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /><lol> Seconded.
3407	Q the Cat	2013-05-02	You're going to have a great party. You should have Lion Cookies for AFTER the wedding /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />yes.  The bread and salt is a must.I like L_T's idea for lion cookies for after party!  I am watching this thread closely, since I want to have a Red Wedding feast, too!     It will be such a shock to the non-readers and will be fun to watch the reactions.   /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />(Hi Zar and L_T!)
3408	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Do they know that you've read the books? If not, it'd be somewhat amusing (for me) to set everything up like it's a happy occasion because Robb is going to own the Lannisters. Have a bunch of banners that say stuff like "payback is sweet" or whatever. Then when it happens they're like....you bastard. LOL I'm a horrible person.
3409	Dove	2013-05-03	Do they know that you've read the books? If not, it'd be somewhat amusing (for me) to set everything up like it's a happy occasion because Robb is going to own the Lannisters. Have a bunch of banners that say stuff like "payback is sweet" or whatever. Then when it happens they're like....you bastard. LOL I'm a horrible person.I think we all are, hahaha. I'm cracking the hell up at these ideas. I wasn't planning on doing anything special beyond pizza or some other kind of easy party food, but this thread has me re-thinking things.I'm definitely going to get a big loaf of garlic bread and have some salt prominently displayed. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3410	Jazzman	2013-05-03	You can always check this page!!! It's recipes from the seven kingdoms!http://www.innatthecrossroads.com/
3411	Borias	2013-05-03	Do they know that you've read the books? If not, it'd be somewhat amusing (for me) to set everything up like it's a happy occasion because Robb is going to own the Lannisters. Have a bunch of banners that say stuff like "payback is sweet" or whatever. Then when it happens they're like....you bastard. LOL I'm a horrible person.They do, yes.  And I absolutely never tell them spoilers, unless it's something that was either left out of the show(Tyrion not actually being unconscious at the battle in season 1), or is a change. (like seeing stuff from the 'pov' of Littlefinger, or Robb)  Or little bits of info that they might have been able to put together, but haven't. (R+L=J theory)And I've always been a huge Stark fan, so it would totally be in character for me to be all super happy Stark guy at first, and make them think I was spoiling something subtly.  Evil, but classy.
3412	dim_mac	2013-05-03	I would suggest lamb chops and skewers, see if they get the axe and arrow subtext, or cook a chicken and put a pigs head on it just to drive them crazy
3413	drayrock	2013-05-03	Frey Pies.
3414	Montey14	2013-05-04	I believed Cat complained about pickled calf brains.....yummmmy....ohhh and lots of ale and wine
3415	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-05-04	The answer is:Yes. Bread and some salted pork....mayhaps a sausageEdit - I am pretty sure that is the line he uses. There was definitely a 'mayhaps' in there, because that is the key to him not having to follow Guest Rights.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 04 May 2013 - 06:19 AM.
3416	Faceless Sam	2013-05-06	stark stew with red beans.
3417	ServantOnIce	2013-05-06	Hnmmm Since the stars are Wolves and all dogs descended from wolves how about Hot Dogs?
You must have some fried trout if you to celebrate House Tully.
3418	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	So, I'm the only book reader in my group of friends that love this show, so I want to whip up something rather special(and a little downright evil), that might inspire comments of, "Did you have to cook xxxx for this?"  I didn't get much other than a leg of mutton from the book.  So far all I really have is some red velvet cake.  I want to make it really RW inspired.  Anyone have any good ideas?First off, you are awesome for doing this. I made some recipes from A Feast of Ice and Fire for the 1st episode of this season, and they all turned out great. I was pleasantly surprised. I am stealing your red velvet cake idea for dessert, btw.
3419	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	I would like some Frey Pie.
3420	Valonqar_	2013-05-06	You can always check this page!!! It's recipes from the seven kingdoms!http://www.innatthecrossroads.com/THIS:http://www.innatthecrossroads.com/2012/03/30/bread-and-salt/Or you know. Serve Pretzels.
					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 06 May 2013 - 06:42 PM.
3421	Not Benjen Stark	2013-05-06	Let us raise our glasses full of Arbor Gold and have a toast the laws of Gods and Men.
And of course Bread and Salt assuming you abide by the laws of hospitality
3422	Willem Blackfyre	2013-05-06	how about frey pies?
3423	drayrock	2013-05-06	haha^^ three posts in a row. how about frey pies?
3424	Borias	2013-05-07	What would go into a Frey Pie?
3425	ebevan91	2013-05-07	What would go into a Frey Pie?Freys?
3426	Caryn Stark	2013-05-07	In a large stock pot over medium heat blonde some onions, carrots and celery. Stir in minced Freys. 1 part veggies to 3 parts ground Frey. Season to taste with thyme, sage, salt and pepper. Add in 1 part tomato puree, bring to boil. Turn mixture into prepared pre cooked pie crusts. Top with new crust, bake in oven until golden. 
To be served with a cup of joy and a side of merriment. Revenge is so sweet.
3427	ChozenOne	2013-05-08	In a large stock pot over medium heat blonde some onions, carrots and celery. Stir in minced Freys. 1 part veggies to 3 parts ground Frey. Season to taste with thyme, sage, salt and pepper. Add in 1 part tomato puree, bring to boil. Turn mixture into prepared pre cooked pie crusts. Top with new crust, bake in oven until golden.To be served with a cup of joy and a side of merriment. Revenge is so sweet. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3428	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-09	Red velvet cake and make the red extra red.
And my reading skills suck b/c you already said that. Dur
I have a great red velvet cake recipe, if you need it.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 09 May 2013 - 10:50 AM.
3429	WhiteWalder	2013-05-09	Just make everything red.  Buy red tortilla chips and salsa.  Serve cranberry and tomato juice (with vodka, obviously), red wine, red kool aid.  Strawberries, apples, cherries, and other fruits, you can have hot wings that are almost red.  Pepperoni pizza is red and white, anything with marinara sauce.  Meatloaf....   Internet search for red foods for valentine's day.
3430	ShigellaSand	2013-05-09	Anything that can be covered in ketchup. And definitely sangrAa. Or if you want to follow the book:"Food, heh. A loaf of bread, a bite of cheese, mayhaps a sausage.""Some wine to wash it down," Robb said. "And salt.""Bread and salt. Heh. Of course, of course."The actual feast in the book mentions:Thin leek soupSalad of green beans, onions and beetsRiver pike poached in almond milkMounds of mashed turnipsJellied calves' brainsA leche of stringy beefI'd skip the calves' brains...
3431	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-09	Shigella Sand wrote:I'd skip the calves' brains...		Unless you want to fake it . . . around Halloween lots of places sell Jello molds shaped like brains (perfect for your next zombie party!).  I bet you can pick one up REALLY cheap on Ebay, if you hurry!Edit -- added some Google suggestions:"Armo(u)red turnips"  -- for an authentic medieval recipe (hint: they made 'em edible by using lots of CHEESE on top!).  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />"Inn at the Crossroads" -- official ASOIAF cookbook!  Lots of great recipes!
					
					
							Edited by Sam with Hooters, 09 May 2013 - 04:52 PM.
3432	Caryn Stark	2013-05-09	For those of you who have inspired my dessert I found this photo and I'm in love. It's a cake. http://imgur.com/gallery/LGxIuI'm drooling. I'm so doing this....With leek soup.Salad with beets and feta cheese.Poached white fish.Mashed potatoes because turnips aren't food. I just can't. Shigella Sand wrote:Unless you want to fake it . . . around Halloween lots of places sell Jello molds shaped like brains (perfect for your next zombie party!).  I bet you can pick one up REALLY cheap on Ebay, if you hurry!That's a great idea, Sam with Hooters. I don't know if my non-book friends would suspect something was up. I plan on keeping the cake in a box until. After. The Wedding. I figure it'll be a nice way to end the evening.
3433	Zar Lannister	2013-05-10	"Food, heh. A loaf of bread, a bite of cheese, mayhaps a sausage.""Some wine to wash it down," Robb said. "And salt.""Bread and salt. Heh. Of course, of course."That's exactly what I'm doing. This became an event and my friend and I also have a surprise planned for team Stark /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3434	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-10	Frey Pie. But make sure to serve it only after they've finished watching.
3435	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-10	I assume this is going to be a sit-down meal?  Soup is messy party food otherwise!  If your guests are going to watch the episode with you -- which I assume is the whole IDEA -- you should also keep some TV-friendly finger foods on hand.
Pretzels would make the bread-and-salt a bit less obvious, and they're snack-friendly.  Maybe a dip to go with them?
As for Frey pie(s), supposedly pork tastes like human flesh.  I wouldn't know -- unless you're counting biting my nails -- and your guests won't, either.  I'm not sure where you are, but here in the U.S. pork prices have dropped lately.
Don't make EVERYTHING red; it'll clue 'em in that something's up!
IF you live near a Food Lion, they normally carry store-brand lion-shaped cheddar crackers.  You could also use Pepperidge Farm "Goldfish" for the Tullys.  Yeah, it's a stretch, but easy.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Here's an idea for pre-or-after dinner entertainment:  Have a (written) trivia quiz (tailored to the TV show only, since you're the only Sullied).  Determine people's ranks at dinner based on how high they scored, ranging from King/Queen to Peasant/Smallfolk.  Here's the catch:  The lowest-ranking have to wait on / be cupbearers to the highest-ranking, at least for the duration of dinner.  Whee!  (In the interest of full disclosure, I stole the idea from a friend of mine who originally used it for the reeneactment of a Mesoamerican ballgame -- yes, the one where the winners were beheaded.  They were HIGHLY relieved to find they only had to serve at dinner instead!).
You'll have to confiscate cellphones/laptops/tablets beforehand to keep folks from looking the trivia answers up on the wiki.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
If you can locate some "gold/silver" chocolate coins, they'll add to the atmosphere, as will asking your guests to come in GOT costumes.  Don't know whether you want to take it that far, though, or worry about authentic dishware, or use trenchers.  Maybe serve the pretzel dip in some hollowed-out boules of bread?  It's trencher-LIKE, anyway.
It's also a good idea to find out whether any of your guests have dietary restrictions, whether medical or otherwise.  Vegans would only have two options on your menu -- leek soup and mashed potatoes, and only THEN if the recipes don't use broth/stock, dairy products, or eggs.  Then again, you know your guests better than I do!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
TV!Westeros has potatoes, while Book!Westeros has turkeys.  Yea, more options!
Medieval Europe didn't have tomatoes -- I'm not sure whether Westeros does.  There's a Food FAQ/list on this site somewhere . . .
IF Westeros *does* have tomatoes, you could go with your original idea of pizza, with the toppings making various houses' sigils.  This would take a lot of creativity, as well as knife work worthy of a chef!  F'r instance, house Stark = gray direwolf (ground beef, pork or sausage topping sprinkles in an appropriate shape) with fresh mozzarella cheese.  If you want an easier path, just go with the major colors of the houses -- no, I'm not sure what you'd use for blue, black, or purple!
Yeah, the red velvet "Throne" cake would be great, but so would flayed-gingerbread-men!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3436	Uruk-Hello	2013-05-10	Finger sandwiches.
3437	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-10	Okay, here's a genuine medieval recipe for fish poached in almond milk from medievalcookery.com:	Mortrewes of syssheThis is an excerpt from Ancient Cookery [Arundel 334](England, 1425)The original source can be found at R. Warner's "Antiquitates culinariae" (1791)Mortrewes of sysshe. Take thik almondemylke, and put hit in a faire pot, and cast therin stigre, or elles honey clarified; and take a codlynge or whitynge, or thornbagge, or hadok fothen, and do away the bones and bray hit up with the mylk, and with the lyver, and put al into the same pot, and let hit boyle, and draw up floure of rys with a lytel mylk, and put hit in the same pot, and travayle hit wel, and make the potage stondyngj and in the dressynge make six leches in a disshe, and straw thereon pouder of ginger and sugre medelet togeder, and serve hit forthe,- and if thow have none almondes, take gode swete creme, and make on the fame wyse (in the same manner).
					
					
							Edited by Sam with Hooters, 10 May 2013 - 03:19 PM.
3438	crazibouncer	2013-05-11	Get shrimp and red wine.  The red will be flowing.
With other food ideas see if you can use red food coloring.
					
					
							Edited by crazibouncer, 11 May 2013 - 11:14 AM.
3439	mystikherb	2013-05-14	Haha I didn't read this whole thread so someone may have also suggested this, but you could make dire-wolf bread loaves like the one Hot-Pie made.  It'd be a way of making them subconsciously think that it was a pro-Stark episode without actually saying anything.  Then when the shit goes down, they'll be like "why the hell did you make those?"
3440	Winter's Prince	2013-05-14	I was just gonna drink a lot of wine
3441	Zorpack	2013-05-14	Cornish Game Hens
3442	Sara Sin	2013-05-15	Frey Pie.
3443	teemo	2013-05-15	These aren't true to the food in the story, but . . .Direwolf Cookies. Maybe just the wolf head shape. Man shaped cookies and put them all together in a bowl.  I'm sure someone will bite the head off one in jest and put it on the other, perhaps before the deed is done not knowing what will happen. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Bloody Mary's, Sangria, "Dornish" wine if you got it.  I would go with a nice Spanish red.  Maybe some nice filays of choice meat to go with it.(I am getting both hungry and sickened by the meat idea) /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> if I did that to my friend she would literally probably start crying at the end...
3444	iheartseverus	2013-05-15	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> if I did that to my friend she would literally probably start crying at the end...schala, when did you become atia?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3445	teemo	2013-05-15	schala, when did you become atia?  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />like a week ago...I just decided I wanted the picture and name to match /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3446	iheartseverus	2013-05-15	like a week ago...I just decided I wanted the picture and name to match /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Greetings, atia, buh-bye schala.  But stay the same, you're fun and interesting.
3447	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-16	Mulled wine
3448	Ordos	2013-05-17	The party will not last very long as the show is only one hour long. Not to mention your show only friends won't be in the mood for an after show party and wish to leave.
Speaking of parties for watching TV, I do that for election night results.
But yeah red wine is the best beverage for the occasion. But another question to ask is how will you decorate your house?
					
					
							Edited by Ordos, 17 May 2013 - 03:35 AM.
3449	Borias	2013-05-17	Oh the food will likely be served beforehand.  And a marathon of catching up for those behind.  Even with a DVR, it's annoying to pause live TV just cause 1 person wants more food, and then another, and then another.  Although some folks will probably want some drinks after, to deal with what happened...
3450	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	Oh the food will likely be served beforehand.  And a marathon of catching up for those behind.  Even with a DVR, it's annoying to pause live TV just cause 1 person wants more food, and then another, and then another.  Although some folks will probably want some drinks after, to deal with what happened...I suggest a gallon of whiskey for after the episode. Although that might not be enough /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3451	Borias	2013-05-18	I do have a giant jug of strong rum called, "The Kraken".  I think that would be appropriate /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3452	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-19	Do me a favor and record them on hidden camera as they watch the episode kthnx
3453	tmug	2013-05-19	You should start playing rains of castamere and then go all out nerf gun warfare on your guests.
3454	The Knight of Flours	2013-05-20	At least serve a 'farewell drink' to your guests at the end of the show and see who hesitates when 'Rains of Castamere' starts to play in the background. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3455	APointyEnd	2013-05-20	Give your guests bread and salt.
3456	Nick of the canals	2013-05-20	I think you need to secretly film the reaction and upload to YouTube. It would be awesome to see
3457	mcb	2013-05-20	Consider grilled trout (presumably, if you don't eat wolf or dog meat, it'd be the next best thing).
3458	HoundDog	2013-05-20	A couple of Frey pies
3459	Mr Hodor	2013-05-21	bread and lamb with lots of salt shakers around.
i'll have some mini-terracotta archers on all windows and shelves.
3460	winwolf	2013-05-21	hahaha salt and bread indeed:P
3461	Sneaky-Tyrell	2013-05-21	Flayed Fish
3462	Slingingstones	2013-05-21	Baked ham
Colcannon
Unleavened bread
Bitter herbs: Coriander, seeds of cilantro, wormwood, heated mint leaves, and horseradish.
Luke warm Guinness.
3463	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-21	Piss in the wine and tell them to praise the vintage.
3464	houseHB	2013-05-21	Lannister red and fish that is all you need
3465	Maizel	2013-05-21	You can bake up three of your 'friends'  into a couple of pies of some sort.
That always does well.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 21 May 2013 - 12:33 PM.
3466	SkyBry	2013-05-21	Fish complete with head. They'll have to separate it themselves. It's like an omen. A very delicious omen!
3467	LordStoneheart	2013-05-21	I hadn't thought about making it a feast but that sounds awesome. I'll need to not make it obvious that it's a special occasion episode because the only times I cook it means I'm interested in something (meat pies during my Sweeney Todd phase, turkish delight from Narnia, etc...)
Red Velvet cake, lamp chops, and red wine. Keep it simple so I don't draw too much attention. I'll give up my aversion to alcohol just this once I guess.
Or perhaps a severed black bull's head like the real Black Dinner supposedly.
3468	Q the Cat	2013-05-22	In a large stock pot over medium heat blonde some onions, carrots and celery. Stir in minced Freys. 1 part veggies to 3 parts ground Frey. Season to taste with thyme, sage, salt and pepper. Add in 1 part tomato puree, bring to boil. Turn mixture into prepared pre cooked pie crusts. Top with new crust, bake in oven until golden.To be served with a cup of joy and a side of merriment. Revenge is so sweet.Served either hot or chilled, but remember - revenge is a dish best served COLD.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I love the menu topic.  Thanks!
3469	Q the Cat	2013-05-22	I think you need to secretly film the reaction and upload to YouTube. It would be awesome to seeI would love to see this.  We should create a Youtube channel for the reactions of the Unsullied.
3470	Myrddin	2013-05-22	Bake dire wolf cookies, but have one cookie inexplicably have a man's body...
3471	Lord O' Bones	2013-05-22	We bought this, and do it up every Sunday. So far everything has been delicious. http://www.amazon.co...n/dp/0345534492(can't speak to the Dornish foods though. The main cook refuses to use that section until the show introduces a Dornish main character.)
3472	Borias	2013-05-22	I think I'm gonna go buy a webcam to record that hour, see how many people go crazy at the end of the hour.  What's a good program for recording, and editing?
I wonder if they have that book down at Barnes and Noble.  Would be worth a look first at the recipes to see if anything applies first, before buying.
3473	Q the Cat	2013-05-22	We bought this, and do it up every Sunday. So far everything has been delicious.http://www.amazon.co...n/dp/0345534492(can't speak to the Dornish foods though. The main cook refuses to use that section until the show introduces a Dornish main character.)I just bought it.  Thanks for the recommendation.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Who is the 'main cook' of which you speak?
3474	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-23	Re:  Frey pies.  Urban legend has it that pork tastes the most like human flesh (not that I'd know firsthand about that, unless biting my nails counts!).  Even better, pork prices (assuming you're in the U.S.) just keep dropping.  Individual small pies (pasties/empanadas/hand pies) would be easier to handle, through a "grete pie" would be both more authentic and a show-stopper!  You can Google "Melton Mowbray pork pie" to find a British recipe that is traditionally served room-temperature if you like the convenience of "bake a day or two in advance, take out of fridge/cooler an hour before the party."  (Of course the Frey pies in the books weren't served at RW, but the Unsullied may well want a bit of symbolic revenge during or after the episode).
3475	lostinwesteros	2013-05-23	Four and twenty blackfish, served in a pie...or, perhaps [Tully] red salmon would be more appropriate, together with braised stag (wasn't it rare to find one of those in beginning of AGOT when the dead mother direwolf was found?)
3476	MoAt	2013-05-23	I would love to see this.  We should create a Youtube channel for the reactions of the Unsullied.I was thinking the same. Like Landon's goal in the last World Cup.
3477	ShigellaSand	2013-05-24	For decorations, a weirwood tree face. Perhaps weeping blood? People will recognize it now, after 3.08, and assume it means something's going to happen with Sam.
Frey pie wouldn't mean anything to non-readers. Save that for a couple seasons down the line. Direwolf cookies/bread would be awesome, though.
If you can get hold of a hat like those the Freys were wearing, put it on before welcoming them into the house.
3478	Queen Elsa	2013-05-24	Don't forget Honeyed Locusts and Lemoncakes for dessert.
3479	Rishav Banka	2013-05-25	How about you drape your viewing room with the twin castles? People will think you are a genuine Frey fan.
You can convince them( perhaps start a couple of days beforehand) that freys are the real heroes in the series. Loudly hoot for freys , especially when Walder frey shows up.
When "IT" actually happens,  continue this charade. 
everyone will be like "F**k this guy!"
Then you tell them that later in the series the evilness of Starks are revealed and make some more story.(If you want to help them cope after that Massacre.)
Or else, you can keep shouting "STAB HIM IN THE LEFT, GO TWIN CASTles! GOOOOOOO FREYS!"
3480	Q the Cat	2013-05-25	How about you drape your viewing room with the twin castles? People will think you are a genuine Frey fan.You can convince them( perhaps start a couple of days beforehand) that freys are the real heroes in the series. Loudly hoot for freys , especially when Walder frey shows up.When "IT" actually happens,  continue this charade.everyone will be like "F**k this guy!"Then you tell them that later in the series the evilness of Starks are revealed and make some more story.(If you want to help them cope after that Massacre.)Or else, you can keep shouting "STAB HIM IN THE LEFT, GO TWIN CASTles! GOOOOOOO FREYS!"Yes, do this if you want to rid yourself of pesky "friends".  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3481	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-05-26	Just saying... you should alert everyone you know to obtain a copy of a Storm of Swords and read from 670 to 711.
3482	Rishav Banka	2013-05-26	Yes, do this if you want to rid yourself of pesky "friends".  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Don't listen to this guy.  Do what i say and people will remember your party.
3483	VladofWallachia	2013-05-26	You need Hippocras. And of course some red. The red must flow.
3484	Maester Murks	2013-05-26	Even better, pork prices (assuming you're in the U.S.) just keep dropping.Hooray for cheap meat /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3485	Borias	2013-05-27	Well, the drinks so far look like:
Sangria
Mead
The Kraken mixed drinks (it's a strong rum)
A friend is bringing "Mocktails" (non alcoholic drinks based off of the kid characters like Arya, Bran)
Still working on the rest of the meal, but for sure there will be Red Velvet Cake and shaped cookies for dessert.
3486	morgan1028	2013-05-28	do the honey chicken.  I've made it a few times and everyone loved it (add more honey than recipe says)...  north food.. for the wedding /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
3487	Sam with Hooters	2013-05-28	Of course, if ALL your food is red, it'll clue your friends that something's up, especially if you use food coloring on things that aren't naturally red!  Something like chili wouldn't seem too out-of-place, especially if you make it with red beans and red onions.  Or red beans & rice with ham (if you have an Asian market near you, you might be able to find "red cargo rice," which is much like brown rice, only a much prettier brownish-red).
3488	Borias	2013-05-29	So the dinner looks like this:
Goldfish crackers and GoT shaped cookies for snacks
Fish Tarts for an appetizer
Leek Soup with homemade bread for 2nd course
Honeyed chicken and buttered carrots for the entree
and red velvet cake for dessert.
Aside from the cake and cookies, the rest are from that official cookbook.  Can't wait to make all this!
3489	Lady Arwen	2013-05-29	I'm serving meatloaf, beet salad, Pinot Noir, and red velvet cake.
3490	Longspear Ryk	2013-05-29	You should serve northmen for dinner
3491	aedalia	2013-05-30	Just don't make popcorn or anything else someone might choke on in case you have some stunned viewers!
3492	Fuse Prime	2013-05-30	I've been to 8 liquor stores in the past week looking for Ommegang's Iron Throne Beer.  It's been driving me crazy that I cannot find it anywhere in North Jersey.  Anyone know where I could get it?  I went on their website and none of the stores they suggested had it.
3493	wolverine	2013-05-30	Pulled pork cuban sandwiches.
3494	AegonSnow	2013-05-30	something with Wolves....
and Fish (for the Tullys)
3495	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-30	I've been to 8 liquor stores in the past week looking for Ommegang's Iron Throne Beer.  It's been driving me crazy that I cannot find it anywhere in North Jersey.  Anyone know where I could get it?  I went on their website and none of the stores they suggested had it.I am a craft beer fanatic and usually have success in tracking down the very rare beers whenever they come around.  I have been to about a dozen different beer/wine specialty stores in the DC area and haven't seen it anywhere.  I can say with some certainty that it was available in extremely limited quantities, at least around here.  Which is weird, because Ommegang beers are pretty ubiquitous.For "Rains of Castamere" I was able to pick up 2 bottles of an awesome beer from CA, Russian River's Consecration - a wild ale aged in barrels of cabernet sauvignon.  I've had it once before and it tastes almost like wine, with a nice RED color.  Now I need to find a food pairing...[url]http://bythepint.com...iew.preview.jpg[/url]
					
					
							Edited by Shitmouth the Wise, 30 May 2013 - 09:50 PM.
3496	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	You could always drink the tears of all the people who read the book
And some fish and wolf steak would do fine
3497	Janicia	2013-05-31	I like the idea of some form of bread with salt as appetizer, and the red velvet cake and cookies for dessert.  For the main course, I'd try to make something wedding food-ish - I like using fish and whatever it is that represent the Freys since it is a Frey/Tully wedding.  But the main course should be something reasonable for your budget, cooking ability, and the tastes of your guests.  The dessert can be the foreshadowing, but the main course doesn't need to also be foreshadowing, it can just be reasonable wedding food or party food.
3498	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	You could always drink the tears of all the people who read the bookAnd some fish and wolf steak would do fine /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3499	SelaBela	2013-05-31	Bread and salt.Winner!
3500	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	Winner! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3501	Fuse Prime	2013-05-31	I am a craft beer fanatic and usually have success in tracking down the very rare beers whenever they come around.  I have been to about a dozen different beer/wine specialty stores in the DC area and haven't seen it anywhere.  I can say with some certainty that it was available in extremely limited quantities, at least around here.  Which is weird, because Ommegang beers are pretty ubiquitous.For "Rains of Castamere" I was able to pick up 2 bottles of an awesome beer from CA, Russian River's Consecration - a wild ale aged in barrels of cabernet sauvignon.  I've had it once before and it tastes almost like wine, with a nice RED color.  Now I need to find a food pairing...[url]http://bythepint.com...iew.preview.jpg[/url]Thanks for the suggestion.  As far as Ommegang's beers, yeah I've had them before I even heard they were coming out with IronThrone.  I like their Three Philosopher's ale.  It's kind of weird that especially in the Northeast that Iron Throne isn't available in mass quantities given GoT's popularity and Ommegang's ability to produce.
3502	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-06-01	Thanks for the suggestion.  As far as Ommegang's beers, yeah I've had them before I even heard they were coming out with IronThrone.  I like their Three Philosopher's ale.  It's kind of weird that especially in the Northeast that Iron Throne isn't available in mass quantities given GoT's popularity and Ommegang's ability to produce.Actually Consecration isn't sold anywhere but the West Coast (and Philadelphia for some reason).  I bought it from a store that brings in beers from outside the market and marks them up ridiculously.  I actually hate giving them my business but sometimes I can't resist.Ommegang's good, but most (if not all) of their beers are Belgian style, of which I'm not a huge fan.  I do want to try the Iron Throne Ale, though.
3503	Caryn Stark	2013-06-01	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/
3504	teemo	2013-06-01	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/woowwww that is really awesome /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3505	mystikherb	2013-06-01	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/Damn, kudos to you :]
3506	koshka	2013-06-02	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/Whoa, well done!
3507	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-06-02	So so my assignment was to make desert. So i tried to make cookies... this is the result...http://img.photobuck...zps120227d2.jpgi opted to make strawberry yoghurt muffins instead... you know... bloddy bits... LOL
					
					
							Edited by A Bear covered in Fluff, 02 June 2013 - 02:12 AM.
3508	Keepsu	2013-06-02	I love this thread! You guys rock!
3509	sillent	2013-06-02	what to make? some manderly pies ofcourse -- though that won't do too good with Unsullied.
3510	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/ /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Great job!
3511	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	So so my assignment was to make desert. So i tried to make cookies... this is the result...http://img.photobuck...zps120227d2.jpgi opted to make strawberry yoghurt muffins instead... you know... bloddy bits... LOLI love it!  Very creative.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3512	Caryn Stark	2013-06-02	So so my assignment was to make desert. So i tried to make cookies... this is the result...http://img.photobuck...zps120227d2.jpgi opted to make strawberry yoghurt muffins instead... you know... bloddy bits... LOLNice! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3513	Lady Arwen	2013-06-02	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/This is incredible! I love it. What a creative and delicious-looking cake!
3514	teemo	2013-06-02	Damnit, I don't have my car today so I'm going to have to order something from a pizza place...any ideas?!?!  Lame...
3515	WriterIsComing	2013-06-02	Maybe some Bloody Marys?
3516	Tony Inchpractice	2013-06-02	Pink Lamb!!!!!
3517	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Damnit, I don't have my car today so I'm going to have to order something from a pizza place...any ideas?!?!  Lame...Mutton, then you start slapping people with it.
3518	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Damnit, I don't have my car today so I'm going to have to order something from a pizza place...any ideas?!?!  Lame...http://harrypotter.w...olfsbane_Potion >:]
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 02 June 2013 - 04:38 PM.
3519	white wolfpack	2013-06-02	That cake is awful.  By which I mean totally perfect in every way.  I hope the birthday girl can grasp its awesomeness.
3520	teemo	2013-06-02	Okay, since I can't cook I went overboard with my makeup lol.  Used to be a makeup artist and thought it would be funny.  I would have smiled, but thought it would be inappropriate considering the occasion /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />http://tinypic.com/r/mrbfpv/5
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 02 June 2013 - 05:42 PM.
3521	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-06-02	Red food.
Red Jello.
Strawberries.
Apples.
Chicago-style pizza.
3522	Kraken's Kiss	2013-06-02	Okay, since I can't cook I went overboard with my makeup lol.  Used to be a makeup artist and thought it would be funny.  I would have smiled, but thought it would be inappropriate considering the occasion /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />http://tinypic.com/r/mrbfpv/5Are you channeling your inner-Melisandre?
3523	teemo	2013-06-02	Are you channeling your inner-Melisandre?haha!  someone else just said that to me.  guess I am /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3524	Abhakhazia	2013-06-02	Preferably something that's difficult to choke on and won't leave a mess when thrown across a room. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Abhakhazia, 02 June 2013 - 07:16 PM.
3525	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	well...how was it?!
3526	wolverine	2013-06-03	Okay, since I can't cook I went overboard with my makeup lol.  Used to be a makeup artist and thought it would be funny.  I would have smiled, but thought it would be inappropriate considering the occasion /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />http://tinypic.com/r/mrbfpv/5Overboard with your makeup or cleavage?  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
3527	Alea Blackfyre	2013-06-04	OMG I did the exact same thing, except I threw a party for myself with pizza and donuts. TERRIBLE MISTAKE..!! I ended up with my own tears as beverage and believe me it was the gruesomest pizza I've ever had.
Donuts were good though
					
					
							Edited by Alea Blackfyre, 04 June 2013 - 03:05 AM.
3528	The Killer Snark	2013-06-04	Keep it faithful to the novel and serve them inedible or barely edible food. Undercooked vegetables and river pike in almond milk. You know, pikes are not native to Britain but were introduced I think in the nineteenth century by an amateur naturalist aristocrat. They soon enough became a plague to British rivers by wiping out other fish species, but attempts to cull them for food, as the Japanese are trying to do with jellyfish, proved unfeasible, because they taste so bad, apparently along the lines of cod liver oil.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 04 June 2013 - 03:10 AM.
3529	wolverine	2013-06-04	Keep it faithful to the novel and serve them inedible or barely edible food. Undercooked vegetables and river pike in almond milk. You know, pikes are not native to Britain but were introduced I think in the nineteenth century by an amateur naturalist aristocrat. They soon enough became a plague to British rivers by wiping out other fish species, but attempts to cull them for food, as the Japanese are trying to do with jellyfish, proved unfeasible, because they taste so bad, apparently along the lines of cod liver oil.Pike taste very good actually, a little more difficult to properly clean than some other species though.  Unless that is a totally different Pike than around here.  They are a very aggressive fish though.
3530	Caryn Stark	2013-06-05	That cake is awful.  By which I mean totally perfect in every way.  I hope the birthday girl can grasp its awesomeness.Thanks. She thought it was great. But then she got totally pissed at me because I 'knew what was coming and didn't warn her'... Ooops! Haha. I told her if she wanted spoilers, she should've read the books. The cake at least was red-velvet - cream cheese frosting- fondant deliciousness. Nothing like gorging on cake to get over the horror.
3531	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-06-05	It took me the better part of the day, but my red velvet (fondant) iron throne cake is complete!! It's my unsullied friend's birthday today, so no one suspects anything. She's a big Robb fangirl. Poor thing. At least she has a killer cake. Heh.http://instagram.com/p/aB4paRyTxp/Awesome job!!I had a little party of my own. I watch with 3 unsullied, I kept it simple and served crusty rolls, salt, red wine and red velvet cupcakes.
3532	teemo	2013-06-05	well, my bread and salt turned out to be a real flop.
3533	The Killer Snark	2013-06-17	wolverine - The pikes in Britain are meant to taste terrible. Must be a variant of the species, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by The Killer Snark, 18 June 2013 - 01:18 AM.
3534	LordStoneheart	2013-06-17	I made beef and barley stew, which got pasty because I cooked it too fast, and lemon cakes. I used the version II from Inn at the Crossroads blog, and they were slendiferous. I can totally see why Sansa loves them.
Oh and I told my mom to buy some red wine (I'm not 21 and actually very opposed to alcohol drinking, but this was a great exception...) and what does she get?
Strawberry Boone's farm...
3535	teemo	2013-06-02	Getting the thread ready.
[So nervous!]
General rules:
Thread is for people to be able to vent freely about any issue big or small, so please don't attack posters for their opinions.  It's somewhat of a safe haven.
It's against board rules to use derogatory terms regarding actors, D&D, etc. or threatening bodily harm.
3536	teemo	2013-06-02	I wish the musicians sucked.  And I'm kind of confused because I thought they were planning on taking Cat as a hostage, but then she went mad.  She didn't look mad in the show.  They realllllyyy should have done the face clawing.  
But yeah, I am overall very pleased with it.  Even Talisa didn't get in the way too much and at least she's gone now.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 02 June 2013 - 09:59 PM.
3537	Redmjh	2013-06-02	The scenes right outside the Twins weren't hectic enough. There was no sense of urgency from Arya, so when the Hound knocked her out it was just awkward. I would have liked to have seen chaos, with her running towards the doors and then getting knocked out.
The Red wedding itself, it didn't seem... Epic enough I guess? Maybe it was scored badly, but something was just missing. The scene between Rob and Cat as he gets killed seemed canned to me. I think Michelle Fairley dropped the ball on the anguish of that scene. Everything seemed a few beats too late. Her scream, both throat cuttings, etc.
3538	Lord Bored	2013-06-02	I kinda wish Roose's "The Lannisters send their regards" was spoken a bit slower (it also would've been great had there been a couple seconds of silence , as he looked Robb in the eye, before saying anything). That would've made the stabbing carry more of an impact.
The Rains of Castamere too I wish was more prominent.
3539	Mark Antony	2013-06-02	Only thing that actually pissed me off was Grey Wind not getting an epic death, It would of been a pretty cool change if they would of had Arya release him imo,
3540	Fat Mac	2013-06-02	Its really hard for me to nitpick. The emotions felt during this episode overrode any problems I might have had.
But if I had to pick one, it would be along the lines of what Lord Bored said. I wish they emphasized Roose more when he stabbed Robb. It was such a hit-and-run and I think that has less impact.
3541	thegreatwhitebear	2013-06-02	Only thing that actually pissed me off was Grey Wind not getting an epic death, It would of been a pretty cool change if they would of had Arya release him imo,That was really my only true knock on the episode.  I said the same thing when I rated it.
3542	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-02	Dany being in the episode.No really. While it set things up for her, Dany being in this episode was really strange considering this was the Stark Show. Also the way Yunkai was sacked was more like Meereen so now im all confused.Robb not having a will really burns my bacon but alas...earwax. Minor one, Cat not clawing her face. Her scream was wonderful and horrifying, but no clawing. Oh well. The scene had enough impact but that would have been the cherry on top of the Slaughter Sundae<U+0099>.
3543	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-02	One small nitpick. Jon's escape from the wildlings is one of my favorite scenes in the books, not having him get hit with an arrow or jump on the horse in a fluid motion were both disappointing. Otherwise this was an amazing episode.
3544	nothatso	2013-06-02	I wish they emphasized Roose more when he stabbed Robb. It was such a hit-and-run and I think that has less impact.I have to admit that I started laughing when Roose's drive-by stabbing occurred. It seemed so anticlimactic. Other nitpicks are pretty of minor. Ygritte not shooting Jon (meh), no mention of Robb's will (can be worked around I suppose), and "The Lannisters" instead of "Jaimie Lannister" sounded kind of dumb, but it has no impact on the story.
3545	House Martell	2013-06-02	Why doesn't Black Fish have a black fish on his cloak. His cloak is black but the fish is silver, he's not in the nights watch, and where was this tree he went to piss on? I hope he at least makes it back to Riverrun to have his interaction with Jamie later. Cat killing the wife and Frey not caring was predictable, should have been a son. I don't care if Talisa is dead, Jenye Westerling is still carrying Robbs baby. And what is Rickon going to do at Last Harth, especially once Whore's bane goes to Winterfell? And why is Arrya swearing to stab the Hound in the eye, I hope she doesn't but if she does not then she's a liar...Oh and the episode was great, just Nitpicking...
3546	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-02	The pacing seemed a bit too slow for me. Everything seemed a bit start-stop, while I imagined the entire scene to be extremely climactic. Think Ned's house guard getting killed in S1 climactic. Also Robb's death felt a little flat. I expected it to be more cinematic as we see a full shot of Roose stabbing Robb.
But otherwise, I really liked it.
3547	Pilz	2013-06-02	Great episode.  I was expecting bad music and drums before the 'Rains of Castamere,' and I thought it would be a bit more chaotic.  But my mind just imagined the book scene a bit differently than others.  Overall it was splendid enough to do the scene justice.
3548	Omega Atrocity	2013-06-02	As others have said I really wish Roose Bolton's scene would've been a little longer and better. Overall I was a little displeased, but I didn't think it could live up to what I had in my head.
3549	Leif	2013-06-02	The absence of Greatjon Umber. Flipping over a table to protect Robb, smacking a man with a piece of meat, and taking on 8 opponents - all while drunk . . .
Would've been great to see it in the show.
3550	Head of The Ned	2013-06-02	Only thing that actually pissed me off was Grey Wind not getting an epic death, It would of been a pretty cool change if they would of had Arya release him imo,I felt it for a few seconds until the fuckin Freys pulled up- Didn't like that they didn't do the "Ned loved my hair line"- Jon not being shot- No Umbers but I already knew thatBut overall the episode was still a 10 don't care what anyone says
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 02 June 2013 - 11:31 PM.
3551	Talbot	2013-06-02	I'm not as annoyed by the handling of Bolton stabbing Robb as others, but I would've liked a little more time, even if its just a shot of him walking up behind him. I don't know, I'm trying to picture the shot and how to extend the dialogue enough without it sounding awkward for it to happen. But its just a tiny nitpick.
Regarding "Ned loves my hair":
1) Its a thought in Cats head, so I don't even know how some of you consider it a line
2) Where does it fit in in the context of the scene without seeming out of nowhere?
3552	Simon Steele	2013-06-02	All the gratuitous throat slashing...it was like watching an old Friday the 13th. The over the top gore really cheapened it, they should have only had one terrible gory moment and been more tasteful with the rest, it would have had more impact. But again, this is just the way these guys run the show--beat you over the head with all the great stuff Martin did in his books. He should have been more involved with the writing and direction of this episode, or maybe he was--but either way, how many throat slashes per minute can there be without it becoming comical? Once that chick got stabbed in the baby I started laughing, which is the complete opposite of my reaction when I read that chapter all those years ago.
Can I say the book is a billion times better?
3553	Head of The Ned	2013-06-02	I'm not as annoyed by the handling of Bolton stabbing Robb as others, but I would've liked a little more time, even if its just a shot of him walking up behind him. I don't know, I'm trying to picture the shot and how to extend the dialogue enough without it sounding awkward for it to happen. But its just a tiny nitpick.Regarding "Ned loves my hair":1) Its a thought in Cats head, so I don't even know how some of you consider it a line2) Where does it fit in in the context of the scene without seeming out of nowhere?Good point. It would fit into the scene though, if she had been on her hands and knees lets say weeping after Robb got stabbed, fuck boy Frey over there comes up pulls her by her hair and she just sort of says it to herself.But now that I read it it just sounds stupid, like why the fuck would she care about her hair when her son was just killed their men slaughtered all hope lost and you are about to die too
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 02 June 2013 - 11:57 PM.
3554	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-02	The Tarantino-esque violence sort of made me lol.  Sometimes it's hard to remember that the budget is very limited for a ten hour seasonal film. 
Other than that, I've been sort of bothered by what I'm starting to consider the Chekov's letters.  I was so sure that Talisa's letter writing would have some sort of payoff.  It may, in the future, but as of now with her dead and gone, it's sort of this gaping hole.
3555	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-03	It suffers from the characters not having an internal monologue. "Ned loves my hair'" was absolutely heart-wrenching.
3556	Lord Tyrion's Whore	2013-06-03	I guess I am in agreement with everyone else when I say that Robb's death was a bit of a letdown.  I like the description of it as a "drive-by stabbing."  And I was also a bit annoyed when Roose said "The Lannisters" instead of "Jaime Lannister", but I understand why they did it.  They didn't want anyone to get the idea that Jaime had a hand in planning the event, as he's off on his good-guy arc, and everything's more simplistic in the show.
I thought Catelyn went out on more of a high note.  I also would have enjoyed a bit of face clawing, but her scene was still pretty good.
I was very disappointed that Arya didn't let Grey Wind loose so he could go out like a champion instead of being shot in a pen.  But I am guessing they didn't want to spend all the money on yet another wolf battle in the same episode.
Speaking of wolf battles, the Queenscrown scene was probably what I thought was the most problematic in the show, because they had to cram far too much into it.  Orell's death, the eagle attacking Jon's face, Bran suddenly warging for the very first time consciously, Osha and Rickon leaving, they stuck a lot in there in a few minutes, and I would have enjoyed it more, I think, if they'd spread that stuff out across the season.  
Nitpicking aside, though, I really did enjoy the episode.  Its not as good as Season 2's climax, but it was still pretty awesome, and I imagine that for non-book readers who remained unspoiled, it must have been quite an hour.
3557	Rhasgul	2013-06-03	Few of my little nitpicks:
-Jon escaping was a bit awkward. Not getting shot, not jumping the horse fluidly. Also the fact that Orell got killed while not being eagle-mode is kindof a letdown for me, no idea why tho.
-What's up with Joren being all "noone can warg a human"? From the books it is clear that it IS possible. I tought Joren knew his shit when it came to this kind of stuff?
-And where the HELL is the Greatjon? I want to see someone get slapped with a haunch of meat, I want to see tableflips, I want to see him batter Freys to death with his massive member...
Still one of the best episodes so far tho ^^
3558	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Did anybody else notice that a WOMAN was killed by Catelyn, and a PREGNANT WOMAN was killed by Lame Lothar? MISOGYNY! TRIGGERING!  CHARACTER ASSASSINATION! MALE GAZE! SEXISM!
3559	go joff go	2013-06-03	I agree that Roose Stabbing should have been more protracted.
3560	Corvinus	2013-06-03	Here is what I didn't like about the episodeno continuation from last episode on the ravens that flew behind Sam and Gilly; so it appears that there won't be a Coldhands, which is disappointing, but what bothers me is that Sam seems to be a fountain of knowledge, knows everything there is to know about the Night's Watch... yet he still forgets the bloody daggerthe slaughter at the RW was great and well done with the music and all, at least inside the hall - the only weakness, Catelyn's last moment - batshit crazy would have been betterbut the weakest part of the RW was the Hound and Arya. So Arya sneaks in, but then Sandor strolls in, knocks her down, and strolls back out. No fighting your way out, no giving the audience the impression that Arya might have been killed as well; and Sandor was a stranger there, the Freys should have been trying to kill him as wellYunkai - Jorah, Daario, and Grey Worm - the Three Musketeers Come on!!!
3561	mafalda	2013-06-03	Nothing negative to say about the young Starks and Jon's arc.
-Dany's my favorite character. I normally rant and rave and pout when she is not featured in an ep... But her arc in this ep just threw things off. It was a very Stark centered ep, and to throw in Yunkai was just odd.
-What is up with all of the Arya foreshadowing? I just don't like it.
-No drums
-No Cat going crazy, clawing her face, laughing hysterically, and talking about how much Ned loved her hair. Her death was just oddly silent. That look on her face when she was just standing there...
-I know I kept saying how much I hated the Talisa character, but that's because I was absolutely sure she was a spy. I'm not going all apeshit over this like some people, but watching her being repeatedly stabbed in her pregnant belly was Gross with a capital G! And the fact that they keep killing people on the show who are STILL alive in the books irks me so much!
-Red Wedding shared too much screen time with other arcs.
-Red Wedding was too fast.
-No Umbers. I knew they obviously would not be in this season, but could someone have used a mutton leg as a weapon. Anyone?
-I know I'm going way overboard with my nitpicking, but I wanted more chaos overall.
Ahh, I feel better. It's nice to know I have a little place to come to so that I can bitch and moan and not have the finger pointed at me. I already know I'm overly meticulous, don't need anyone reminding me!
Regardless of all of this, I still gave this ep a 10. I have the Rains of Castamere stuck in my head, 3 hrs later..
3562	mafalda	2013-06-03	....AND
-I really wanted the Unsullied to feel my pain when I thought Arya died! Have the Hound come at her with an axe, then CUT!
Ok, I'm done now goodnight!
3563	Queen Daenerys	2013-06-03	Jon not being shot by the arrow.Dany. As much as i like her, it felt out of place in this episode.Catelyn not being "mad" enough.Grey Wind's death. (Still very sad though)
3564	Florina Laufeyson	2013-06-03	Did anybody else notice that a WOMAN was killed by Catelyn, and a PREGNANT WOMAN was killed by Lame Lothar? MISOGYNY! TRIGGERING!  CHARACTER ASSASSINATION! MALE GAZE! SEXISM!/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />-Dany's my favorite character. I normally rant and rave and pout when she is not featured in an ep... But her arc in this ep just threw things off. It was a very Stark centered ep, and to throw in Yunkai was just odd./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Yes.
3565	andrew_	2013-06-03	My only nitpick as a reader of the books is why did they kill of talisa? First they change the character completely which was a mistake, then they kill her off? They royally fudged up that imo
3566	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-03	I thought every change they made was unnecessary. A few of them were detrimental. It did what it was supposed to to the unsullied, and I didn't dislike it as an hour of television.
 "My brother once told me that nothing someone says before the word "but" really counts"
BUT
it has made me sure that I won't watch the show if (when) they catch up to the books. I just don't trust them to adapt faithfully after this. There was very little resemblance to what actually happened. The big stuff, yeah. But the big picture matters only slightly more than the details in a book series. I don't trust them on the details. When they get past Winds of Winter material (or DwD), I'm out.
3567	JuiceTonk	2013-06-03	The yard bugged me. 
The Freys killed those Northmen chilling at the picnic table and then walked away in silence. It would've been more satisfying if they threw in more frantic background sounds to relay the fact that Robb's entire army is getting murdered; maybe some agonizing screams and the sound of fire as their tents collapse on them. It was too cloak-and-dagger for me.
I would also have enjoyed seeing Sandor slam an axe through a Frey's helm during the escape, but him casually strolling out with Arya over his shoulder was cool too... I guess. It was missing the sense of urgency to get away from the bloodbath that I felt it should have had.
And of course, as everyone else has said, Greywind deserved a hero's death.
3568	The Pain Yak	2013-06-03	The Hound was underwhelming this episode. I was looking forward to his angry realization as to what was going on and the desperate realization that they need to get the hell out of there pronto. As it was, he seemed very casual with the wacking of Arya in the head and such before strolling away like he isn't in the middle of a massacre.
3569	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	The yard bugged me.The Freys killed those Northmen chilling at the picnic table and then walked away in silence. It would've been more satisfying if they threw in more frantic background sounds to relay the fact that Robb's entire army is getting murdered; maybe some agonizing screams and the sound of fire as their tents collapse on them. It was too cloak-and-dagger for me.I would also have enjoyed seeing Sandor slam an axe through a Frey's helm during the escape, but him casually strolling out with Arya over his shoulder was cool too... I guess. It was missing the sense of urgency to get away from the bloodbath that I felt it should have had.And of course, as everyone else has said, Greywind deserved a hero's death.Based on the preview from next episode, we might see glimpses of the massacre in the camps.There's a shot of Roose on the battlements, observing the carnage below, as well as numerous shots of riders and Stark and Tully banners on fire.
3570	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2013-06-03	For all those complaning about the hound and arya escape the red wedding and the northern army being slaughtered, if you watch the promo for episode 10 it looks like it is covered there.
3571	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-06-03	Grey Wind not fighting and dying like a bitch.
No flayed Theon skin from Roose to Robb.  I guess they want to keep Ramsay a secret til next episode for the non readers, but I thought it fitting for Robb to die knowing that Theon is paying for his crimes.
No news of Balon dying.  Again I guess that's something for them to mention next episode.  Hopefully they still mention that Euron has returned and they do the Kingsmoot in season 4.
The Dany scene felt out of place, but Dany in general I don't really care about since they didn't cast Fat Belwas.
3572	Relic	2013-06-03	Can I say the book is a billion times better?yup.
3573	Toth	2013-06-03	I sat there, watched and wasn't impressed at all, sadly. I expected far more from the music. Starting right with the Rains of Castamere was a too early giveaway. I missed the drums, booming about the tables and drowning every conversation. And I wanted Catelyn to look suspicious and not completely knowing by the time she discovers Rooses chainmail. The Rains should have played during the killing, not so long before...
Frey people should have to look far more nervous, thus causing her to contront one, fiddling at his clothes and find out. And I looked forward to much more reaction of the Stark bannerman. I wanted to see th Greatjon fighting for his live, punching Freys to death with his bare fists. And one of the strong pictures I always imagined was the one of Rooses Axeman crashing through the door like some kind of heroic Stark cavalry, only to hack good guys to pieces. Yeah, and the scenes outside were a little bit odd. I would have liked Arya and the hound in the middle of the feast tents, watching people breaking the Tents and setting fire to them. We could have to see much more shock and horror at her face, especially if the hound is slaughtering his way through Freys to reach her. And it should have ended with Arya knocked down by an axe and not... well wandering casually through the camp until being knocked out and casually leaving the camp. Seriously, this is a bloody massacre of everyone without Frey/Bolton-Sigil, so why don't they do harm to the Hound? But overall, I could have lived with that. My only severe problems are music and pacing. It's such a strong scene, so why didn't they used everything they had to flash the people?
3574	The Roose is Loose	2013-06-03	1. Would've liked more Roose (of course).  Glad they kept his marriage to Fat Walda, but they should've lingered on his stabbing of Robb and delivery of "(Jaime) the Lannister(s) send(s) (his) their regards" for at least a few more seconds.
2. A _real_ nit-picky nit pick: Robb's "chess pieces" are too uniform (not that he needs them any more).  Seriously though, all the lion heads look like they came out of a plastic mold.  They should look like they were hand-carved out of wood or stone, and each one look a little different.
3575	jeffklm	2013-06-03	Regarding "Ned loves my hair":1) Its a thought in Cats head, so I don't even know how some of you consider it a line2) Where does it fit in in the context of the scene without seeming out of nowhere?True, it was a monologue, but could work well being spoken out loud. But yes I do agree with your point #2 because without that really devastating paragraph being worded out loud as a whole, the line would seem rather random.
3576	JuiceTonk	2013-06-03	Based on the preview from next episode, we might see glimpses of the massacre in the camps.There's a shot of Roose on the battlements, observing the carnage below, as well as numerous shots of riders and Stark and Tully banners on fire.Wow, just looked it up. That Roose scene in it is definitely what I was looking for. Glad it'll be shown!
3577	jeffklm	2013-06-03	Only a few very minor nitpicks this episode:
1) Gilly calling the wildlings "wildlings" when she should be calling her people "free folk"
2) "Ned loves my hair"- see my post above. 
3) No clawing of the face for Cat. Although I understand the omission for cosmetics reasons; it's Tyrion's nose 2.0. I imagine Lady Stoneheart will already be a challenge in the make-up chair without her facial scars.
					
					
							Edited by jeffklm, 03 June 2013 - 01:27 AM.
3578	teemo	2013-06-03	I think the face scratching was okay to cut (I'm sure they considered it but decided it was just not going to work), but her not going mad and then being killed was weird.  Like I said before, she was only killed because she went mad, otherwise she'd be a hostage like Edmure.  And yeah, I have to admit the throat-slashing looked pretty fake.  In movies I have to usually turn away because throat/wrist slashing just jars me, but I re-watched this several times without issue.  Not sure why they changed them from being terrible musicians to "great ones."  Why?  Just seemed like a pointless change.  Roose Bolton could have done his thing a little more slowly...I never imagined it like that.  Also, Grey Wind's demise was pretty lame.  It was horrifying how it was in front of Arya, but he didn't even get a chance to kill anything.  As far as not doing enough justice to Rains of Castamere, my Unsullied friend actually noted immediately, "isn't that the Lannister song?  Why?"  But to be honest, this was much better than I expected.  They could have probably tightened it up a bit and honestly, Dany didn't feel like she belonged at all in this episode.  They could have cut her and given more time to the Starks.
3579	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-03	I don't normally post in these threads, but....
I didn't like Richard Madden's acting in that final scene.  I mean, you're holding your dead, pregnant wife in your arms, can I get some tears, some kind of facial expression that bespeaks you're grief and horror?  Or maybe just some slight indication that you've got several crossbolts in you and that it kind of hurts  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3580	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	meh. I want to love this episode. I really do. It was an amazing episode, but the RW fell kinda short, and that just ruins the whole thing. Here are my nitpicks:
Like others are saying, it was getting kinda comical with the hit-and-run throat cuttings. Frey jumps into the frame, cuts a throat, jumps out. Bolton jumps into the frame, stabs Robb, jumps out. Cat screams and looks sad, then another Frey jumps in, cuts her throat, jumps out.
The awkward "Cat's getting suspicious" moments. Ruins the surprise.
The stabbing the pregnant chick in the belly. It was weird, and so over-the-top that it was almost comical.
Robb seemed to lack emotion, pain, fear, etc. Again, he just looked kinda sad. I mean, crossbow bolts in your chest, pregnant wife stabbed to death, bannermen slaughtered, and he just looked kinda sad.
Lack of Stark Bannermen
No Cat-goes-crazy-and-tears-her-face and her hair didn't get cut. Just a cheesy hit-and-run throat cut after an anti-climactic scream and anguished look.
weird timing in that whole scene. Lingering too long on some moments (Cat getting killed), rushing past others (Bolton stabbing Robb)
And then Arya......they needed that to be the last scene. It would be simple. Arya seeing all the chaos and commotion (strangely lacking in the show, like others have mentioned), and then just cut to black with the sound of her being hit and falling to the ground. The way they did it, there's no question about if she's dead or not.
3581	Xanderpanda	2013-06-03	What was the point of casting Wendel if he did nothing and didn't have a single line. I wouldn't have even noticed the Merman sigil and know who he was if WiC didn't announce his casting last year during filming. Could have used him as an opportunity to at least set up the later story lines with Davos while also possibly replacing the other loyal bannerman such as Small Jon but nope few frames in the episode and don't even see him go down.
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 03 June 2013 - 01:46 AM.
3582	Net-Viper X	2013-06-03	I didn't care for how they seemed to take yet another crap on Jon. They make it so Ygrette actually knows Jon is still loyal to the Watch, yet she loves him so much that she keeps his secret and remains in love with him anyway. To then have him just run off and abandon her like that when she was fighting her own kind in an effort to defend him was just crappy. It made Jon look like an ass that was just using her and had no actual feelings for her. In the books his leaving seemed more understandable, here it seemed like he abandoned her needlessly.
3583	kephv	2013-06-03	Grey Wind dying like a Lady. I was sure Arya was going to release him, then nothing.
No Arya fake death. I suppose they just thought that would be too much but they should've kept it.
The blood gushing out of people's throats was a bit comical. Felt like it belonged in a Tarantino film, not here.
The Jon scene was pretty bad. All around just badly choreographed and not at all believable: It looked like three guys were just hanging back watching Jon kill Orell.
The Bran warging was too sudden. It was too much for one episode, felt that would've been better having it spread out over the season.
Why didn't she shoot Jon?
3584	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-03	Why didn't she shoot Jon?Ygritte is nocking an arrow in the preview for episode 10, so it could still happen.  Maybe she follows Jon to Castle Black, shoots him and then he has to watch as his NW brothers kill her.  He could still get some last words with her like in the book ("we should have stayed in that cave").  That's the most plausible explanation I can think of for how they will still get rid of her this season.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 03 June 2013 - 01:55 AM.
3585	LordStoneheart	2013-06-03	I wanted the drums to be louder, but the musicians being adequate worked better, I think. At least, my brother knew something was up the moment he heard the rains of castamere, and he's Unsullied.
I loved the last scene, thought Fairley did a fairly good job (someone slap me, I deserve it, but really she was great.) and I don't think her scream was done bad. As for translation to the screen, catatonia definitely looks better than face-clawing, but I still wanted that.
3586	The Ghost of Winter	2013-06-03	The Dany scenes did not belong at all, that's about it.
3587	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	What was the point of casting Wendel if he did nothing and didn't have a single line. I wouldn't have even noticed the Merman sigil and know who he was if WiC didn't announce his casting last year during filming.Did he definitely die? He could could in it next week.
3588	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	Grey Wind dying like a Lady. I was sure Arya was going to release him, then nothing.This is my only nitpick for this episode. I was so sure that Arya would release Grey Wind and he would go down fighting. This scene really annoyed me.
3589	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	What was the point of casting Wendel if he did nothing and didn't have a single line. I wouldn't have even noticed the Merman sigil and know who he was if WiC didn't announce his casting last year during filming. Could have used him as an opportunity to at least set up the later story lines with Davos while also possibly replacing the other loyal bannerman such as Small Jon but nope few frames in the episode and don't even see him go down.Meh, it's not that important. Wyman can talk about how he lost a son in the RW, and the effect would still be the same. I do wish we had someone like the Smalljon to try and protect Robb, just to show that he still had the loyalty of most of his bannermen. Pretty much every northern lord the show has introduced apart from the Greatjon has been against Robb. I loved the inclusion of the bread and salt, but it would have been nice if they went into further detail about the importance of guest right.
3590	Young Nan	2013-06-03	My only real nitpick is when Sam knows all about the black gate.  The whole thing in the books was really cool and mystical, but here it seems to be common knowledge.   And I think we're really not getting coldhands, unless Bran meets him beyond the wall.
Other than that, I liked it.  Watched with two unsullied and they were both pretty shocked, and they both knew already that Robb would die, they just didn't know how or when.  I wish Catelyn would have clawed her face, but I am overall ok with how it turned out.
3591	dni	2013-06-03	hmm pretty sure my opinion completely flies in the face of the general consensus... but I thought the entire RW was completely awful. It was the most poorly done climactic scene thus far in the entire television series.
It felt completely staged. The way the camera angles were set up. The way all the major players just stood there alone in place (should of killed the lights and put a spotlight on them and had them say something really dramatic (or maybe sing it in Latin)). It was like some lame community theater rendition. From the second Cat screamed "Robb" and slapped Bolton for his betrayal I expected all hell to break loose, tables to be flipped people to be fighting for their lives and dying tragically. Instead it was total melodrama, Bolton bolts stage right across the entire scene with his henchman, which was hilarious looking, and Robb doesn't even react. Then a guy walks up uncontested to the Queen and stabs her repeatedly... anddd people still not responding. Robb full of arrows, a couple guys put their drinks down and stand up! The timing during the entire thing is completely drawn out in some places and feels like it's on fast forward in others. The stabbing is quick, then she falls to the floor grunting in slow motion. Cat instantly transitions to catatonia mid murder but then we have this weird drawn out bit before someone comes from stage right to slit her throat. The gore is overdone in the wrong way, gore is perfectly fine for a scene like this... if it's realistic, but this was comical cartoon or anime gore unfortunately. Robb the man of action young wolf was just.. confused and mildly sad the entire time, maybe the food disagreed with him? I didn't like the change to CATatonic cat either (harhar!). Completely awful. 
In other news, no cold hands? Bran stuff slightly rushed but didn't bother me too much, Rickon actually had a nice little performance I thought. Jon stuff crammed but again somewhat acceptable. Dany could of waited for the entire episode titled after her... but eh... minor nitpicks.
3592	a shadow	2013-06-03	There was no decent meaning put on "bread and salt"
Walder Frey went much too far while talking to Talisa, felt unbelievable and an excuse to put low words in.
"Little Ned" was sweets and sugar.
Catelyn saying "my first son", not "my first and my last". It comes from the previous TV uncertainty of Bran and Rickon's deaths, but matters.
A lot of Catelyn, after she gets hold of a knife, for me. I imagined her differentely from that point. But that is just me, I agree.
Arya not setting Grey Wind free to fight.
Something more could have been achieved with scoring and pauses, I think. The Hound and Arya needed it, too.
Robb fell exactly like he should have. And Roose was also great enough. Catelyn was great, but not really Catelyn from my books.
3593	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-06-03	These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. Let me begin by saying this is my least favorite episode of the entire series and I am utterly disappointed. Benioff and Weiss were the whole reason I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire to begin with. Game of Thrones inspired me to pick up a novel and finish it for the very first time in my nineteen years of life. That novel in turn inspired me to read four more after that. I trusted them completely with this. The Red Wedding was their ultimate goal in the series and they've said it from the start. I am still in disbelief that they would butcher it so badly but I digress. Onto business.1. Robb's arrival at the Twins was an event in and of itself. His arrival and his death should have been spread out between two episodes as it was in the books with two successive Catelyn chapters. The entire event happened way too fast. For those who have not read the books, Greywind (Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s direwolf who has been largely missing from the show until randomly appearing in a KENNEL this episode) attacks some Freys in the rain as they greet the Starks to their castle. Robb, going through great pains to appease Walder Frey, decides to CHAIN his trusty direwolf outside (not in a damned dog kennel). Throughout their time at the Twins, Greywind howls in despair, sensing what is to come.2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy. She should not have been killed off. I<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill the Blackfish as well. How do they explain what he was even doing while his niece and great nephew (KING) were being slaughtered? I suppose he has magically escaped the castle and all the carnage outside to return to Riverrun, where he will most certainly be needed in the future for Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.4. Another thing that makes Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death less bleak is his childish disgruntlement towards Walder Frey throughout the episode. At this point in the books, Robb is genuinely sorry for what he did to his house and wants to make amends. He sustains every slight Walder throws at him without a flinch and handles himself extremely well at the Twins in the face of every petulant Frey. It<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to feel sorry for him here with those petty school boy heroics.5. Most of the deaths in this episode were incredibly underwhelming compared to the deaths in A Storm of Swords. This was for many reasons, unfortunately. First of all, overly dramatic music was being played over everything when we should have been treated to nothing but the Rains of Castamere slowly digressing into the boom doom boom of the musicians<U+0080><U+0099> drums. Secondly, Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s actor did an absolutely horrible job at displaying any sort of confusion, shock, fear, or despair. I heard he cried after he discovered how his character was to be killed but you never would have guessed he actually cared from his performance.Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s actor was MORE than capable of carrying out some of the horrific things G.R.R. Martin described in his books but for whatever reason, Benioff and Weiss decided to stray for something far drabber. Going catatonic may sound like a proper reaction to the soul crushing sight of what you think is your only surviving child being killed in front of you but when Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s scream fades out and she just stands there motionless, it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deliver the jarring reaction her death deserves. It looks more as if she just accepts it and stops struggling. In the books, she scratches her face to ribbons as she screams bloody murder and the Freys waste no time in apprehending her by the hair. As her braid is yanked back, she thinks <U+0080><U+009C>No, not my hair! Ned loves my hair!<U+0080><U+009D> This would have been absolutely perfect had those been her last words. She literally goes mad with grief but viewers simply can<U+0080><U+0099>t grasp the extent of that grief without lines such as this.Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s (Talisa<U+0080><U+0099>s) death, besides being totally uncanon, took away from the relationship between mother and son. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be about Jeyne or Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s child. It was supposed to be about Catelyn and HER child. This is the relationship we had come to understand in-depth from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s perspective since the first book. Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family were also supposed to be suspected conspirators in the Red Wedding. Their daughter was not planned to be killed along with the Starks despite Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s alleged devotion to Robb. As I mentioned before, a huge plot element hinges on her and her baby. By the fifth book, Blackfish holds Riverrun against the Lannisters with Jeyne tight under guard. He defends her with his life. Why would he do this if not to protect an heir? Now what are they going to come up with when G.R.R. Martin reveals Jeyne is pregnant with the King in the North<U+0080><U+0099>s son?Forget the main characters for a second; part of the horror of the Red Wedding was that so many people you were starting to like were all being slaughtered like farm animals. It is too much to expect to see minor characters such as Dacey Mormont and Smalljon Umber but surely their roles could have been replaced with existing characters in the show. Characters who, in the books, did not matter much. Lopping off the Greatjon<U+0080><U+0099>s head in place of his son<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been an excellent deviation as the Greatjon is supposed to be held captive then hardly ever mentioned again. Instead, we watch a bunch of bearded men who we<U+0080><U+0099>ve never even seen before being killed in humdrum fashions. No crossbow bolts through the mouth, no beheadings; none of that.I doubt it would have had an impact anyway since the gore in this episode was completely unrealistic and tainted by Hollywood action movies. People do not instantly lose consciousness when their throat is cut then fall to the floor dead. When your esophagus is severed, you lose the ability to breathe through your mouth/nose and begin breathing out of a hole in your neck. This is largely impossible though since the wound bleeds profusely, clogging your esophagus with fluids. You essentially drown on your own blood in a panic, making all sorts of horrible snorting noises for up to three minutes. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not even sure G.R.R. Martin was aware of this before writing the Red Wedding but slitting throats was never described as one fell graze upon the neck. Catelyn SAWED through this person<U+0080><U+0099>s throat until they died. Stabbing a person in their heart is another matter but looks like Bolton missed the mark! Roose had a tiny dagger in place of a longsword and apparently decided to stab Robb in the lower part of his lung (causing instant death<U+0080> ?).While all this is happening inside the castle, the Stark host outside is supposed to be burning to death by the masses as a result of giant feast tents rigged to catch fire and collapse on top of them. Rather than depict the elaborate trap G.R.R. Martin conceived, it is simply implied all the Stark men outside are put to the sword. Good thing the viewers have no idea how many Stark men there are in comparison to Bolton men or else they would surely question the effectiveness of an open, armed conflict.  6. Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s performance here was a huge disappointment. I was setting my expectations high assuming this actor would be the one to do everything right. I was thoroughly enjoying his portrayal of the Leech Lord up until this point. He seemed so smug whereas in the books, he barely made an attempt to talk to anyone. He played his part perfectly while most of the Freys were a nervous wreck. But he was never cheeky about it. Here, he looks like he<U+0080><U+0099>s taking great pleasure in taunting the Starks as if he hates them. Roose is a man who plays for the winning team and takes no particular joy in betrayal. He just accepts that it<U+0080><U+0099>s practical and carries out his atrocities without guilt. In addition to screwing up his behavior, the actor got his body movements all wrong as well. Roose is supposed to glide in and out of the hall as confident and smooth as can be. Here, he darts around, ducking his head and lunging out of harm<U+0080><U+0099>s way. It<U+0080><U+0099>s just so unlike the Lord of the Dreadfort. But most importantly, he says to Robb just before he stabs him <U+0080><U+009C>the LANNISTERS send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but WHY did you change that from <U+0080><U+009C>the Kingslayer sends his regards?<U+0080><U+009D> WHY do you think G.R.R. Martin set it up that way?! Cat is supposed to believe Jaime had a hand in her son<U+0080><U+0099>s demise from that statement. Cat FREED Jaime so she instantly thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s killed her own son with her foolish actions. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to believe that Jaime betrayed her later on in the series but of course viewers will never catch on to this.7. Lastly, Sandor & Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s story was poorly done here. Arya was supposed to be desperate trying to get into the Twins despite all the bloodshed so that she could see her mother and brother once again. The Hound somehow managed to knock her out and carry her off unseen without a fret but in the books, it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fight for survival. Frey men attack them and Sandor has to kill a few with an axe before Arya makes a run for it. Just as she<U+0080><U+0099>s about to reach the castle, the Hound hits her atop the head. It would have been a much more emotional scene to see Arya kicking and screaming as Sandor tries to subdue her like it was in A Storm of Swords.I was so hyped up for this moment ever since I read it in the books. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t tell you how immensely let down I am. This was meant to be the most significant event in the entire series and I do not feel they did it justice by any means. Viewers of the show will never know how much better it could have been; how much better it should have been. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not done with the series but I can definitely say now that I prefer G.R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s works over Benioff and Weiss<U+0080><U+0099>s any day. If they would just stick to the damned books instead of making their own changes all the time, I<U+0080><U+0099>d be happy. Cut what you need to but don<U+0080><U+0099>t add things that were never written down by the author. That<U+0080><U+0099>s rule No.1 of any adaption. I can only see this getting worse as the story progresses. Unless the producers get back on track and start doing things the way they should have done all along, I have no more hope left for Game of Thrones.
3594	White Harbors Wrath	2013-06-03	The Manderly they cast. No one knows who he is if you didn't pay attention to early casting...why bother. Someone else couldn't have played a guy drunk and eating?
3595	teemo	2013-06-03	What was the point of casting Wendel if he did nothing and didn't have a single line. I wouldn't have even noticed the Merman sigil and know who he was if WiC didn't announce his casting last year during filming. Could have used him as an opportunity to at least set up the later story lines with Davos while also possibly replacing the other loyal bannerman such as Small Jon but nope few frames in the episode and don't even see him go down.Wendel was there?
3596	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Wendel was there?Fat dude with a wicked mustache. Blink and you'll miss him.
3597	andrew_	2013-06-03	Anybody else think that David Bradley was born to play Walder Frey and Argus Filch?
3598	teemo	2013-06-03	Anybody else think that David Bradley was born to play Walder Frey and Argus Filch?WTF I TOTALLY forgot he was Argus Filch....wow....
3599	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-03	I, for one, don't understand the criticism about Arya not freeing Grey Wind. It added a lot to the sense of dread. Earlier, we saw Summer and Shaggydog kill off half a dozen wildlings and, then, GW died like his own master: trapped and with bows. As opposed to the clichA big wolf going down while taking 10 men with him in the books. Much better. It saved CGI budget and seeing the wolf's eyes close down and his last breath after not seeing him in the cage was a great touch.
3600	SimpatiK	2013-06-03	No burning tents. That's the picture that is engraved in my mind from the books.
3601	teemo	2013-06-03	Um, he didn't take down ten men.  He killed four wolfhounds and tore off a man's arm.
Yeah, I kept expecting to see the rigged tents.  That was really memorable to me.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 05:31 AM.
3602	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	Two nitpicks:
1. We see Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario surrounded by guards. At this point, you figure they must have raised the alarm. Then we see the 3 back in Dany's tent telling her the city is hers. That must mean her army went through the gates so how would she not know? Or are we supposed to believe the city surrendered to 3 men? OTOH good setup for Dany falling for Daario: he gave her the city.
2. I thought Arya should have looked a bit more panicked/angry when she ran toward the castle - more like in the books. Minor detail really.
Also, not really a nitpick, but is the Blackfish supposed to have gotten away or not? Don't see how he could have.
3603	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-03	I, for one, don't understand the criticism about Arya not freeing Grey Wind. It added a lot to the sense of dread. Earlier, we saw Summer and Shaggydog kill off half a dozen wildlings and, then, GW died like his own master: trapped and with bows. As opposed to the clichA big wolf going down while taking 10 men with him in the books. Much better. It saved CGI budget and seeing the wolf's eyes close down and his last breath after not seeing him in the cage was a great touch.Grey Wind should have been a bit larger and/or scarier-looking.  He looked like a rather slender wolf; while Summer and Shaggydog gave impressions of being bigger and stronger and having heavier coats.  Of course, I could have sworn that Grey Wind was played in this episode by a real wolf; and they have fairly slender legs and skulls and muzzles (compared to, say, an Alaskan Malamute).  Still broke my heart when they shot him to death, more than the deaths of Robb and especially Talisa.And what on earth was TV-Robb thinking, bringing the woman for whom he broke faith with the Freys to a Frey-Tully wedding?  Is he arrogant or just stupid?  Did he give a reason last episode that I just forgot?  The upside of the TV Red Wedding - no more Talisa.
3604	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-03	No burning tents. That's the picture that is engraved in my mind from the books.Looks like we're going to see that in the next episode.
3605	teemo	2013-06-03	And what on earth was TV-Robb thinking, bringing the woman for whom he broke faith with the Freys to a Frey-Tully wedding?  Is he arrogant or just stupid?  Did he give a reason last episode that I just forgot?  The upside of the TV Red Wedding - no more Talisa.  Yeah, I forgot to mention that.  And Robb was still acting a bit douchey up until the end.  Fondling and kissing his wife right in front of Walder Frey.
3606	Cadiva	2013-06-03	The only nitpick I have is the lack of "fighting back" from Robb's bannermen but I can understand why it happened the way it did, they've not created the characters and background story for any of the major players trying to defend their King that exist in the books.
3607	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-03	And what on earth was TV-Robb thinking, bringing the woman for whom he broke faith with the Freys to a Frey-Tully wedding?  Is he arrogant or just stupid?  Did he give a reason last episode that I just forgot?    That crossed my mind also. Storywise I think that Talisa dying with Robb gives better closure than her surviving and getting future storylines. But bringing his pregnant wife to the familiy he scorned makes him look stupid and disrespectful. They should have mentioned that they feel safe because of the guest right or something.
3608	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	I, for one, don't understand the criticism about Arya not freeing Grey Wind.I thought she was going to go free him too.No burning tents. That's the picture that is engraved in my mind from the books.I thought they were going to show that too, especially when we saw the wrestling match earlier. Not sure why they only showed one table of northerners getting backstabbed.
3609	teemo	2013-06-03	Don't forget, in the books Cat pushed Robb to not bring Jeyne and he was pretty angry over it.
3610	KoishNoish	2013-06-03	I loved most things in this episode. The one thing I'm confused on is Cat the only one who realized it was the 'Rains of Castamere' playing? I mean there was still quite a number of people in there and I don't think Robb was drunk. Surely its a bit unusual to have the song of the Lannisters playing at a festival regarding Stark alliances and celebration? I know the song is popular in Westeros but surely it would be totally out of place in this wedding (even though if I recall its played many times at the Purple Wedding). It just seems a bit strange how only Cat was able to realize the song playing, Roose and Walder probably realized but they were expecting it.
3611	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-03	GW looked to me about the same size as GW scene with Jaime last season. I thought they were going to show that too, especially when we saw the wrestling match earlier. Not sure why they only showed one table of northerners getting backstabbed. QuoteMultiQuoteNext week. As for no fight-back from either Robb or direct bannermen, isn't it realistic given how shocked they were at the guest right being broken. Just have a look at when Robb says ''Mother'', it as if he is saying ''It's okay, let go now...''
3612	Titus Pullo	2013-06-03	Overall, I loved the episode... but:
1. I guess the Greatjohn has just disappeared from the show ... Did I miss his demise? Because he's assumed to be captive at the Twins in the books.
2. Bran's "oh by the way, while I was a wolf I saw Jon" was silly, and poorly written. ... In my opinion, it should have been far more dramatic, and all that he cared about from the start of that scene. Not explaining his "worging."
3613	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-03	I loved and hated this episode, I don't have any negative nitpicks cause outside of the RW I haven't noticed anything and I watched it twice today cause every scene that comes before I'm just thinking of what's coming.
3614	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	I just wish, that instead of spending money in each episode to see 100 unsullied just standing there, that they could have gotten a couple of northern bannerman to stand out, at least this season. They started doing it when Robb called his banners, and then nothing in season 2-3 except Roose and Karstark.
I was hit hard by the way Dacey died, Flint too. The umbers would have put on a good show if they added them to the wedding. Greatjon stood out plenty in only 3-4 scenes, it wouldn't have been hard to get other bannermen in the show.
					
					
							Edited by The French Lion, 03 June 2013 - 05:56 AM.
3615	teemo	2013-06-03	I seriously can't believe Wymen was there...I rewatched it four times and didn't even notice until Pinkie Baelish said something.  Why even cast him??? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Maybe a scene was cut...
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 06:01 AM.
3616	White Raven	2013-06-03	Rory had a piece of pig leg in his beard and I couldn't tear my eyes away from it.
3617	Kienn	2013-06-03	Jojen - his show character is the epitome of deus-ex-machina. Nice to have a buddy show up out of no where and know everything about everywhere...
3618	Miodrag	2013-06-03	(copied from the general discussion thread, hope it fits here also)
From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.
Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?
3619	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	It was good for what it was, the TV version, a RW about Cat and Robb and Talisa.
I missed the sense of loyalty and fierceness you got in the books where you saw how hard the Northerners still fought despite being ambushed.  Here, everybody goes down and the only person trying to save Robb is his mother.
Also, and no surprise coming from me, too much focus on Talisa and the young lovers angle, and over the top focus on the pregnancy angle, especially since the tragdy of the young couple in love dying wasn't even in the book at all, and good grief, how dumb was Show Robb that he's kissing his wife in front of Walder Frey?!
Also didn't like Greywind going down without taking anyone with him.
I also didn't see Manderley in the scene and I was looking for him because I knew he had been cast, LOL.  So much for the North.
Cat laughing and the Ned loves my hair line wouldnt have worked in TV, it only worked in the book because we know what she's thinking.
I did like that they made her the only one who sees and sense any danger...since Show Robb was much too stupid to perceive same, he was too busy wishing he could look at his wife's butt all the time. 
And I will now officially say that Oona Chaplin is not a good actress, that blank stare look is the same one she had in half her scenes.
3620	mafalda	2013-06-03	meh. I want to love this episode. I really do. It was an amazing episode, but the RW fell kinda short, and that just ruins the whole thing. Here are my nitpicks:Like others are saying, it was getting kinda comical with the hit-and-run throat cuttings. Frey jumps into the frame, cuts a throat, jumps out. Bolton jumps into the frame, stabs Robb, jumps out. Cat screams and looks sad, then another Frey jumps in, cuts her throat, jumps out.The awkward "Cat's getting suspicious" moments. Ruins the surprise.The stabbing the pregnant chick in the belly. It was weird, and so over-the-top that it was almost comical.Robb seemed to lack emotion, pain, fear, etc. Again, he just looked kinda sad. I mean, crossbow bolts in your chest, pregnant wife stabbed to death, bannermen slaughtered, and he just looked kinda sad.Lack of Stark BannermenNo Cat-goes-crazy-and-tears-her-face and her hair didn't get cut. Just a cheesy hit-and-run throat cut after an anti-climactic scream and anguished look.weird timing in that whole scene. Lingering too long on some moments (Cat getting killed), rushing past others (Bolton stabbing Robb)And then Arya......they needed that to be the last scene. It would be simple. Arya seeing all the chaos and commotion (strangely lacking in the show, like others have mentioned), and then just cut to black with the sound of her being hit and falling to the ground. The way they did it, there's no question about if she's dead or not.I wonder how DD could watch this ep in the editing room and thought "Yes! This is the brilliant, it's the best we could have possibly done!". The throat slitting was sooo terribly done! No other weapon was used, hardly. A few crossbows, but no beheading, hardly any stabbings, no tables flipped over used for protection... no use of Grey Wind! The North did fight back! They still lost, but goodness, give them their last honor!I didn't care for how they seemed to take yet another crap on Jon. They make it so Ygrette actually knows Jon is still loyal to the Watch, yet she loves him so much that she keeps his secret and remains in love with him anyway. To then have him just run off and abandon her like that when she was fighting her own kind in an effort to defend him was just crappy. It made Jon look like an ass that was just using her and had no actual feelings for her. In the books his leaving seemed more understandable, here it seemed like he abandoned her needlessly.I don't remember how this went down in the books. Sad to say I rushed through Jon's story in the books.These are MY complaints. There are a LOT of them. Let me begin by saying this is my least favorite episode of the entire series and I am utterly disappointed. Benioff and Weiss were the whole reason I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire to begin with. Game of Thrones inspired me to pick up a novel and finish it for the very first time in my nineteen years of life. That novel in turn inspired me to read four more after that. I trusted them completely with this. The Red Wedding was their ultimate goal in the series and they've said it from the start. I am still in disbelief that they would butcher it so badly but I digress. Onto business.1. Robb's arrival at the Twins was an event in and of itself. His arrival and his death should have been spread out between two episodes as it was in the books with two successive Catelyn chapters. The entire event happened way too fast. For those who have not read the books, Greywind (Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s direwolf who has been largely missing from the show until randomly appearing in a KENNEL this episode) attacks some Freys in the rain as they greet the Starks to their castle. Robb, going through great pains to appease Walder Frey, decides to CHAIN his trusty direwolf outside (not in a damned dog kennel). Throughout their time at the Twins, Greywind howls in despair, sensing what is to come.2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy. She should not have been killed off. I<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t kill the Blackfish as well. How do they explain what he was even doing while his niece and great nephew (KING) were being slaughtered? I suppose he has magically escaped the castle and all the carnage outside to return to Riverrun, where he will most certainly be needed in the future for Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.4. Another thing that makes Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death less bleak is his childish disgruntlement towards Walder Frey throughout the episode. At this point in the books, Robb is genuinely sorry for what he did to his house and wants to make amends. He sustains every slight Walder throws at him without a flinch and handles himself extremely well at the Twins in the face of every petulant Frey. It<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to feel sorry for him here with those petty school boy heroics.5. Most of the deaths in this episode were incredibly underwhelming compared to the deaths in A Storm of Swords. This was for many reasons, unfortunately. First of all, overly dramatic music was being played over everything when we should have been treated to nothing but the Rains of Castamere slowly digressing into the boom doom boom of the musicians<U+0080><U+0099> drums. Secondly, Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s actor did an absolutely horrible job at displaying any sort of confusion, shock, fear, or despair. I heard he cried after he discovered how his character was to be killed but you never would have guessed he actually cared from his performance.Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s actor was MORE than capable of carrying out some of the horrific things G.R.R. Martin described in his books but for whatever reason, Benioff and Weiss decided to stray for something far drabber. Going catatonic may sound like a proper reaction to the soul crushing sight of what you think is your only surviving child being killed in front of you but when Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s scream fades out and she just stands there motionless, it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t deliver the jarring reaction her death deserves. It looks more as if she just accepts it and stops struggling. In the books, she scratches her face to ribbons as she screams bloody murder and the Freys waste no time in apprehending her by the hair. As her braid is yanked back, she thinks <U+0080><U+009C>No, not my hair! Ned loves my hair!<U+0080><U+009D> This would have been absolutely perfect had those been her last words. She literally goes mad with grief but viewers simply can<U+0080><U+0099>t grasp the extent of that grief without lines such as this.Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s (Talisa<U+0080><U+0099>s) death, besides being totally uncanon, took away from the relationship between mother and son. It wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be about Jeyne or Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s child. It was supposed to be about Catelyn and HER child. This is the relationship we had come to understand in-depth from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s perspective since the first book. Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s family were also supposed to be suspected conspirators in the Red Wedding. Their daughter was not planned to be killed along with the Starks despite Jeyne<U+0080><U+0099>s alleged devotion to Robb. As I mentioned before, a huge plot element hinges on her and her baby. By the fifth book, Blackfish holds Riverrun against the Lannisters with Jeyne tight under guard. He defends her with his life. Why would he do this if not to protect an heir? Now what are they going to come up with when G.R.R. Martin reveals Jeyne is pregnant with the King in the North<U+0080><U+0099>s son?Forget the main characters for a second; part of the horror of the Red Wedding was that so many people you were starting to like were all being slaughtered like farm animals. It is too much to expect to see minor characters such as Dacey Mormont and Smalljon Umber but surely their roles could have been replaced with existing characters in the show. Characters who, in the books, did not matter much. Lopping off the Greatjon<U+0080><U+0099>s head in place of his son<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been an excellent deviation as the Greatjon is supposed to be held captive then hardly ever mentioned again. Instead, we watch a bunch of bearded men who we<U+0080><U+0099>ve never even seen before being killed in humdrum fashions. No crossbow bolts through the mouth, no beheadings; none of that.I doubt it would have had an impact anyway since the gore in this episode was completely unrealistic and tainted by Hollywood action movies. People do not instantly lose consciousness when their throat is cut then fall to the floor dead. When your esophagus is severed, you lose the ability to breathe through your mouth/nose and begin breathing out of a hole in your neck. This is largely impossible though since the wound bleeds profusely, clogging your esophagus with fluids. You essentially drown on your own blood in a panic, making all sorts of horrible snorting noises for up to three minutes. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not even sure G.R.R. Martin was aware of this before writing the Red Wedding but slitting throats was never described as one fell graze upon the neck. Catelyn SAWED through this person<U+0080><U+0099>s throat until they died. Stabbing a person in their heart is another matter but looks like Bolton missed the mark! Roose had a tiny dagger in place of a longsword and apparently decided to stab Robb in the lower part of his lung (causing instant death<U+0080> ?).While all this is happening inside the castle, the Stark host outside is supposed to be burning to death by the masses as a result of giant feast tents rigged to catch fire and collapse on top of them. Rather than depict the elaborate trap G.R.R. Martin conceived, it is simply implied all the Stark men outside are put to the sword. Good thing the viewers have no idea how many Stark men there are in comparison to Bolton men or else they would surely question the effectiveness of an open, armed conflict.  6. Roose<U+0080><U+0099>s performance here was a huge disappointment. I was setting my expectations high assuming this actor would be the one to do everything right. I was thoroughly enjoying his portrayal of the Leech Lord up until this point. He seemed so smug whereas in the books, he barely made an attempt to talk to anyone. He played his part perfectly while most of the Freys were a nervous wreck. But he was never cheeky about it. Here, he looks like he<U+0080><U+0099>s taking great pleasure in taunting the Starks as if he hates them. Roose is a man who plays for the winning team and takes no particular joy in betrayal. He just accepts that it<U+0080><U+0099>s practical and carries out his atrocities without guilt. In addition to screwing up his behavior, the actor got his body movements all wrong as well. Roose is supposed to glide in and out of the hall as confident and smooth as can be. Here, he darts around, ducking his head and lunging out of harm<U+0080><U+0099>s way. It<U+0080><U+0099>s just so unlike the Lord of the Dreadfort. But most importantly, he says to Robb just before he stabs him <U+0080><U+009C>the LANNISTERS send their regards.<U+0080><U+009D> I<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, but WHY did you change that from <U+0080><U+009C>the Kingslayer sends his regards?<U+0080><U+009D> WHY do you think G.R.R. Martin set it up that way?! Cat is supposed to believe Jaime had a hand in her son<U+0080><U+0099>s demise from that statement. Cat FREED Jaime so she instantly thinks she<U+0080><U+0099>s killed her own son with her foolish actions. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to believe that Jaime betrayed her later on in the series but of course viewers will never catch on to this.7. Lastly, Sandor & Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s story was poorly done here. Arya was supposed to be desperate trying to get into the Twins despite all the bloodshed so that she could see her mother and brother once again. The Hound somehow managed to knock her out and carry her off unseen without a fret but in the books, it<U+0080><U+0099>s a fight for survival. Frey men attack them and Sandor has to kill a few with an axe before Arya makes a run for it. Just as she<U+0080><U+0099>s about to reach the castle, the Hound hits her atop the head. It would have been a much more emotional scene to see Arya kicking and screaming as Sandor tries to subdue her like it was in A Storm of Swords.I was so hyped up for this moment ever since I read it in the books. I can<U+0080><U+0099>t tell you how immensely let down I am. This was meant to be the most significant event in the entire series and I do not feel they did it justice by any means. Viewers of the show will never know how much better it could have been; how much better it should have been. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not done with the series but I can definitely say now that I prefer G.R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s works over Benioff and Weiss<U+0080><U+0099>s any day. If they would just stick to the damned books instead of making their own changes all the time, I<U+0080><U+0099>d be happy. Cut what you need to but don<U+0080><U+0099>t add things that were never written down by the author. That<U+0080><U+0099>s rule No.1 of any adaption. I can only see this getting worse as the story progresses. Unless the producers get back on track and start doing things the way they should have done all along, I have no more hope left for Game of Thrones.*Hugs you, and pats you on the back because I feel the EXACT SAME way* You took the words right out of my mouth.Seriously though. For DD to go around saying this one chapter was the entire reason they made this series, they sure did pull down their pants and take a great shit on it. S1 was so brilliantly done, I'll never forget the magic they worked then. S2 was so very meh, but I said S3 is when they'd come back, times three! I just KNEW they would get this right... even with the whole Talisa change. But then they started showing less and less of Robb and Cat.. then they never showed any Stark bannermen (Greatjon, where are you??), Grey Wind only appeared for about 5 seconds this entire season, Robb was planning to take Casterly Rock (wtf).. they started doing things that made me go "uh oh" at the Red Wedding. And when they showed the preview, and I saw that it would be sharing screen time with so many other arcs, that was my last red flag.This was the one thing I wanted them to get right, that all of us wanted them to get right.I pity us readers, because we will never get that brilliance that we have been waiting for years for. I pity the Unsullied because even if they thought that nonsense was good, they will never know HOW good it could have been, HOW good it really was. I feel so cheated! I hated Cat's strange, silent death with another quick throat slit and that was just it. For people saying her death in the books was over the top, that was the entire reason she died! If she hadn't lost her mind and gone apeshit, she would still be alive! But her going crazy is why they killed her. And yes, "Ned loved my hair" was an internal monolgue, but she could have obviously opened her mouth and said it, duh. Michele Farily is such a talented actress, I just wish they would have used her more. I hope DD give an interview about how a lot of the book readers feel about this episode.And like I said in a previous post, Dany is my favorite character, and I get normally get irritated when she isn't in an episode, but she did not belong in this one. It was such a Stark centered episode, and to throw in Yunkai completely threw it off balance for me. The time spent on her arc, completely deserved to be spent on the Red Wedding.To make this post a little lighter, let's all take a moment of silence to imagine the Smalljon bitch slapping people with a mutton leg.Thank you.
3621	The hairy bear	2013-06-03	My nitpicks:I think that having poor musicians was a thing that they should have kept. It doesn't cost anything, and would have made the whole scene more rounded.They should have insisted more in how the Stark bannermen were getting drunk.Roose runing away from Catelyn was dumb.Failure at transmiting the sense of chaos during the killings. I missed knocking down tables, Northmen entering at the last time seemengly saving the day,...It was out of character to have Roose saying his final line to Robb with fury, instead of calmly murdering him with coldness.Sandor hiting Arya came out of nowhere, since they weren't able to transmit that she was out of control. Maise was acting just dumbstruck, not crazy.Grey Worm's "bo-staff" fighting style was cool, but completely inconsistent with his background as an infantry soldier.Gregor's Nancy Boy,I agree with most of your points, but there's a couple of instances where I think you are not being reasonable:2. Blackfish & Jeyne (Talisa) are supposed to be safe at Riverrun; not at the Twins with Robb & Catelyn. Jeyne is still alive in the books, supposedly with Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s unborn child. An entire plot element currently hinges on whether or not that child is a boy.Jeyne is not pregnant in the books. The fact that some fans maintain the crackpot theory that she is should not be considered at all by the showrunners. Since Talisa and Robb's child do not exist in the books, in this case killing them was the decision most faithful choice.3. Greywind dies AFTER Robb. This is extremely important (sentimentally-wise) as Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s real last words are <U+0080><U+009C>Greywind<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> not <U+0080><U+009C>Mother<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> It is to be assumed Robb wargs into his direwolf after he dies since this is the same moment Greywind viciously attacks nearby Freys who have not yet began their assault. Robb is betrayed, killed by his own man, wargs into his wolf, then dies all over again. It is part of his death and cutting that out of the show makes it considerably less tragic. To match, the death they gave Greywind here was so lacking in dramatic force or quality, you barely even cared that he was killed.It is not to be assumed that Grey Wind dies after Robb. It's assumed by you, and some others. But we just don't know. As with the previous case, i's not fair to criticize the show for contradicting your uncofirmed theory. My own interpretation of Robb's last words was that he intended to say "Grey Wind... had warned us".
3622	lostinwesteros	2013-06-03	After her wail, Cat just stood there silently such a long time before her throat was slit - don't know what that was about.  Disappointed that the words to Rains of Castamere weren't sung.
3623	Buckwheat	2013-06-03	Ygritte. She is a wildling, she should act the part.Disappointed that the words to Rains of Castamere weren't sung.Hm, they were played? I think this is also how it was in the books.
3624	karna1983	2013-06-03	The way Grey Wind died. I wanted to see him kill some Freys, they die and Arya t see him and no Umbers fighting. I wanted to see some fight back.
3625	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	The episode started quite strongly IMO and continued to be fairly strong, but it was still disappointing.The writing was once again very weak in places.The Arya/Hound scenes continue to be very disappointing.Dany's scenes were literally just about Daario, Barristan and Jorah, and the rivalries between them... Hers is one of the few stories with a central female protagonist, so it's extremely disappointing that she was essentially reduced to a background character this episode.Similarly, Jorah's dialogue to Barristan (repeating what Barristan had said in episode 5) felt a little too... obvious. D&D really need to learn subtlety.The worst part: Barristan silently getting drunk. WTF??? They could have used that time to talk about Rhaegar, but no - they replaced it with Barristan getting drunk whilst protecting his "bright shining child queen".The throat-slitting looked really cheap. Obviously there are limitations with television, but in that case they should have adapted to the problems.At the end, I thought the massacre felt like a shock-moment, rather than how in the books it felt completely natural (like with Ned's death - it was shocking but felt natural). I can't help but feel that D&D read the Red Wedding and thought "WOW what a shocking twist!" and approached the adaptation of that scene with the idea of making it as shocking as possible.Cat's death was very disappointing.Arya running around the Twins felt so odd. Northerners were being massacred all around her, but there was no real sense of danger, urgency or desperation... just shock.Queenscrown was a bit odd too... It never really felt like Jon was in danger, considering that the wildlings basically stood back as he killed Orell. And the way he killed Orell felt a little bit sadistic to me too.Bran's lack of reaction to seeing Jon was a bit strange too.Did anybody else notice that a WOMAN was killed by Catelyn, and a PREGNANT WOMAN was killed by Lame Lothar? MISOGYNY! TRIGGERING!  CHARACTER ASSASSINATION! MALE GAZE! SEXISM! I'm glad someone mentioned it. Once again D&D have resorted to unnecessary and gratuitous violence against women.It certainly wasn't necessary to show repeated stabbings to Talisa's stomach. I think one would have been enough to get the point across.
3626	Gendels Children	2013-06-03	I REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY wanted Cat to claw her face and Ygritte to shoot Jon... WTH seriously! this was like the main things I wanted from this episode, that and some awesome Direwolf action (which we got very little of) *humph*
3627	David Selig	2013-06-03	I thought Walder was way over the top with the insults and provocations in the beginning with Talisa. Some barbs and thinly veiled insults were to be expected as in the book, without them Robb and Cat would've been suspicious, but he went too far.
3628	PatrickStormborn	2013-06-03	I thought Walder was way over the top with the insults and provocations in the beginning with Talisa. Some barbs and thinly veiled insults were to be expected as in the book, without them Robb and Cat would've been suspicious, but he went too far.Yeah, and Robb even stepped forward and had to be held back by Catelyn. WTF? What was he going to do, hit Walder Frey and break the alliance again?
3629	GoldenFleece	2013-06-03	Just realised that Roose Bolton did not show Robb and Cat Theon's skin from a flayed finger - thought they would have made the connection there, it was the perfect time.  Not happy.
3630	andrew_	2013-06-03	The people nitpicking about the burning tents, look at the promo for next weekhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=qJ4paRnLmWI
3631	JuiceTonk	2013-06-03	2. Bran's "oh by the way, while I was a wolf I saw Jon" was silly, and poorly written. ... In my opinion, it should have been far more dramatic, and all that he cared about from the start of that scene. Not explaining his "worging."I actually laughed out loud when he said it, it was such an afterthought for him "Oh, by the way, I saw Jon".Definitely should've exhibited more excitement for finally seeing another family member, especially at such a random place. He just reacted like he remembered that he ran into Jon at the supermarket or something.
3632	Roose Seal	2013-06-03	"Oh by the way, I saw Jon.." such a poorly writte/delivered line. 
I did laugh at "no more hodoring" though.
About the RW itself:
This should've been an entirely Robb focused episode (kind of like Blackwater focused entirely on King's Landing). Not nearly enough buildup.
The editing of the last couple scenes was weird too. The Rains of Castamere went on for a while and only Cat noticed? then cut to a rather long Arya scene then cut back to RW... 
Talisa just sitting there looking dumb and doesn't move until she has a dagger in her belly.
Cut to Arya witnessing a pretty anti-climactic grey wind death scene...?
Then Robb standing there, Roose just swoops in and stabs him, it looked so silly.
Then Cat wails ... and nope, nothing, just stands there as well. Someone swoops in and slits her throat. 
Overall, it was lacking in chaos, and characters going mad. It should've been one long uninterrupted 15 min scene of buildup, and then 2-3 minutes of complete chaos, ending with Cat's plea. and THEN cut back to Arya witnessing the chaos and end the episode on her getting hit on the head and "thud" cut to black.
3633	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	Ygritte not shooting Jon and Tormund going back to Styr ruined that whole interaction. Why they chose to combine Styr and Tormund, two characters on complete opposite ends of the spectrum, I will never understand. 
The pacing of the Red Wedding felt a little rushed. D&D seemed to go for the "twist" aspect instead of the "dread" aspect. The lousy singers, the terrible food, the feeling that something was just "not right," all of that in the novels helped build up the anticipation without ruining the surprise. 
And Roose Bolton's performance was WAY off from what I expected. I think the actor has done a fantastic job to this point, but when Cat notices he has mail armor on, he has this smug smile on his face, which is something I could not for the life of me understand. Roose never showed any emotion. And then, when he stabs Robb, he says his line with anger, instead of calm calculation. It just felt like the whole thing was rushed to me.
3634	Versiroth	2013-06-03	I kind of didn't like the drive by throat slit with Catelyn.   I'd have preferred her to fall to her knees, the camera pans in on her expressionless face, a knife goes to her throat and we hear Walder say "Kill her!".  Her throat is slashed and she falls out of the camera view before the screen goes to black.
Also, I'm not really sure whether I liked Ygritte trying to fight along side Jon or not.  Or the fact that he knocked her to the side and then left her.   Could it have been that because he knew he couldn't take her with him, he didn't want her to burn her bridge with the wildlings?
3635	Roose Seal	2013-06-03	The pacing of the Red Wedding felt a little rushed. D&D seemed to go for the "twist" aspect instead of the "dread" aspect. The lousy singers, the terrible food, the feeling that something was just "not right," all of that in the novels helped build up the anticipation without ruining the surprise.Yeah that's my biggest gripe about it. There wasn't any of that un-easy buildup. The shock twist was there, the atmosphere was a complete swing and a miss.
3636	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	"Oh by the way, I saw Jon.." such a poorly writte/delivered line.I did laugh at "no more hodoring" though.About the RW itself:This should've been an entirely Robb focused episode (kind of like Blackwater focused entirely on King's Landing). Not nearly enough buildup.The editing of the last couple scenes was weird too. The Rains of Castamere went on for a while and only Cat noticed? then cut to a rather long Arya scene then cut back to RW...Talisa just sitting there looking dumb and doesn't move until she has a dagger in her belly.Cut to Arya witnessing a pretty anti-climactic grey wind death scene...?Then Robb standing there, Roose just swoops in and stabs him, it looked so silly.Then Cat wails ... and nope, nothing, just stands there as well. Someone swoops in and slits her throat.Overall, it was lacking in chaos, and characters going mad. It should've been one long uninterrupted 15 min scene of buildup, and then 2-3 minutes of complete chaos, ending with Cat's plea. and THEN cut back to Arya witnessing the chaos and end the episode on her getting hit on the head and "thud" cut to black.it is so obvious how they could have directed it to make it better. It's so simple. All it takes is following the structure of the books. WHAT A NOVEL IDEA.The books had the RW structured perfectly. Perfect timing, perfect mood, etc.
					
					
							Edited by Harnisfechten, 03 June 2013 - 10:32 AM.
3637	jblair	2013-06-03	The RW was a disappointment overall, although Talisa's death was so horribly, swiftly brutal and Frey-like it nearly redeemed the rest. 
No Greatjohn, no chaos, and Robb and Catelyn just sort of standing around numbly. There was no build-up at all, that sense of rapidly escalating danger and horror that the book covers so well.
I thought the editing and camera shots were really poor - no sense of scale, of epic tragedy. Some portions moved too abruptly, other parts lingered unnecessarily. It also seemed very very stagey, with random characters jumping on and off-screen to do their single deed and disappear.
3638	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	oh yeah, I also hated how they choreographed Grey Worm fighting.  I liked how Jorah, Daario, and Grey Worm all fought in very distinct ways, but Grey Worm looked like some cheesy asian martial arts movie staff fighting rather than a soldier trained to fight in a hoplite phalanx. See how the Unsullied fought in the episode where Dany freed them. Very organized, working in small groups and pairs, very tight and focused, stabbing with their spears. And then Grey Worm is flailing around like some 5 year old with a bo staff: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=YeosdCbdD-E
3639	Lady Lea	2013-06-03	The one thing that bothered me the most was that Cat killed Walder's wife and not one of his sons.
They did stress that Robb was Cat's only son now (or did she say "first"? either way it could have been done) and that Walder had so many children he couldn't even remember all their names. So it would have been even more gut-wrenching to see her try to protect her only son when he was all like "nah whatever I have many more" about one of his own sons.
I would also have liked to see her take on one of the men instead of a girl. It's true that Jinglebells was mentally challenged but to have her kill a son would have been more powerful than just have wife #9 killed. I thought they hired that semi-famous actor to play Walder's son because he would be the one to die (and he doesn't look very tough). Cat already took on an assassin in the first season, I don't see why they couldn't let her do her thing.
And, you know, a lot of people are commenting on the fridging of Talisa and I think it's a valid point. It's lazy storytelling but at the same time they cut all the important Northeners from Robb's circle (the Umbers, the Mormonts, etc), so it would have been hard to make the scene as poignant if it was just Robb and Cat there.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lea, 03 June 2013 - 11:20 AM.
3640	Sniraga	2013-06-03	I also think that the execution of the RW was somewhat off and lazy (D&D were clearly aiming mostly for the shock factor) even though the end result was still gut-wrenching.
Sadly there was no foreboding with Arya's fate - when I read the books, I wasn't sure whether the Hound had killed her or not, and for a moment it made the RW feel even more devastating.
Dany's scenes seemed detached. D&D should have skipped her from this episode, like they fortunately did with the Lannisters.
3641	SerMixalot	2013-06-03	no "Mayhaps"
3642	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-03	Talisa's death added to the impact of the event but I think it overshadowed Robb and Catelyn dying- all I seem to care about is Talisa and baby Ned being killed which is ironic as I never liked her before (probably because I thought she was a spy). 
Also, Grey Wind deserved a better death than that and Robb's involvement in the event was weak- I wanted him to say 'Grey Wind' warging into him, taking some Frey down with him.
They give the dragons all the screen time and not the wolves.
3643	FlipFantastic	2013-06-03	The dumbest part of the episode was when Oren said he heard voices in the tower and Torlund told him it was the storm.  What kind of leader dismisses this with a laugh and a belly tickle?  Grade A stooopid.
I liked the speed of the RW.  If the deaths and overall scene was overly dramatic most of you would have complained about that.  "A real massacre would be quick and to the point!  Why was it so slooow?"  Would have been all the posts above.
3644	Reposado	2013-06-03	yeah they definitely needed to kill talisa off without any other major northerners at the festivities.
my biggest nitpick(and forcing in the dany stuff that could have been saved for next week is a major issue) is blackfish leaving to use the bathroom.
he'd achieved nothing by being there. they could have easily have remained to hold riverrun. why include him in the background for a few episodes, forcing you to have hime scape by luck of the bladder
3645	FlipFantastic	2013-06-03	This episode didnt have enough boobs.  Me and my bros were pissed.  I'm glad there was lots of feetis stabbing, though.  Haha, stupid fetis.
3646	Lady Lea	2013-06-03	yeah they definitely needed to kill talisa off without any other major northerners at the festivities.my biggest nitpick(and forcing in the dany stuff that could have been saved for next week is a major issue) is blackfish leaving to use the bathroom.he'd achieved nothing by being there. they could have easily have remained to hold riverrun. why include him in the background for a few episodes, forcing you to have hime scape by luck of the bladderI agree, it makes very little sense. Did they just leave Riverrun without a single Tully in there? Did they learn nothing from the Winterfell incident? And now what. Will Blackfish be a prisioner or will they make it so that he ran from the fighting and survived?
3647	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	I hope this post goes through, the site has been very difficult today....but anyway...I've read a couple interviews w/the cast and it sounds like Michelle Fairley is NOT coming back...so that would mean no Lady Stoneheart.
I know GOT likes to play games, but she sounded pretty honest, said she finally cut her hair, that would be a shame...no more Michelle who is a great actress and it would also probably mean that nothing is going to happen in the future with Lady Stoneheart except that either Jamie or Brienne will probably kill her for good, and that will suck.
3648	mafalda	2013-06-03	Talisa's death added to the impact of the event but I think it overshadowed Robb and Catelyn dying- all I seem to care about is Talisa and baby Ned being killed which is ironic as I never liked her before (probably because I thought she was a spy).Also, Grey Wind deserved a better death than that and Robb's involvement in the event was weak- I wanted him to say 'Grey Wind' warging into him, taking some Frey down with him.They give the dragons all the screen time and not the wolves.This is going to sound horrible, especially after the brutal way she was killed.. well first let me explain that I was on the "Talisa is a spy" boat, and that I could not stand her character. So maybe I am grasping onto straws here when I say I kind of am hoping that she is a spy, and that they just killed her because she was pregnant with Robb's heir and they had no m ore use of her? *hides*I hope this post goes through, the site has been very difficult today....but anyway...I've read a couple interviews w/the cast and it sounds like Michelle Fairley is NOT coming back...so that would mean no Lady Stoneheart.I know GOT likes to play games, but she sounded pretty honest, said she finally cut her hair, that would be a shame...no more Michelle who is a great actress and it would also probably mean that nothing is going to happen in the future with Lady Stoneheart except that either Jamie or Brienne will probably kill her for good, and that will suck.I sincerely hope that is not true. Then again, of course Michelle couldn't be all "Oh, yeah, you'll be seeing me make a brief appearance pretty soon!".. no one is supposed to know that she will return, at this point in the story. Reading that epilogue was the tasty icing on the cupcake.
3649	lucasd	2013-06-03	oh yeah, I also hated how they choreographed Grey Worm fighting.  I liked how Jorah, Daario, and Grey Worm all fought in very distinct ways, but Grey Worm looked like some cheesy asian martial arts movie staff fighting rather than a soldier trained to fight in a hoplite phalanx. See how the Unsullied fought in the episode where Dany freed them. Very organized, working in small groups and pairs, very tight and focused, stabbing with their spears. And then Grey Worm is flailing around like some 5 year old with a bo staff: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=YeosdCbdD-EIt just shows that you know very little of fighting. Fighting in formation is very different than fighting alone.Most of the people forget that a spear is also a staff.Additionally he should have taken much shorter spear (like Yari if we are using japanese terms)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=O8RWLxlzTiM
3650	Cadiva	2013-06-03	(copied from the general discussion thread, hope it fits here also)From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?You've not seen @TheRedWedding on Twitter then I take it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3651	Cadiva	2013-06-03	(copied from the general discussion thread, hope it fits here also)From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?You've not seen @RedWeddingTears on Twitter then I take it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3652	NeilSpoon	2013-06-03	I thought the RW was good but it did lack proper build up, the feeling of foreboding. 
Also the end was weird. Cat slitting the girls throat while letting out a strange wail. Then standing there for 10 seconds waiting for some random actor (who must have missed his cue as she just stood there waiting) to slit her throat followed by an instant black screen. It was almost comical. 
It was well done, but could have been better with some simple edits and more time spend on the build up. (Dany and Sam should have been cut)
3653	JuiceTonk	2013-06-03	It just shows that you know very little of fighting.Fighting in formation is very different than fighting alone.Most of the people forget that a spear is also a staff.Additionally he should have taken much shorter spear (like Yari if we are using japanese terms)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=O8RWLxlzTiMYour video is a good example of how Greyworm should've fought. I agree with what you said about a spear also being used as a staff, but the way Greyworm used it was just plain impractical. I mean, is there any real defensive or offensive reason to twirl it around like he did? Seems like a good way to open up your defenses and get killed, not to mention tire yourself out.It just came off as overly-theatrical for someone like an Unsullied who's trained to kill efficiently and maintain uniformity.
3654	lucasd	2013-06-03	Your video is a good example of how Greyworm should've fought. I agree with what you said about a spear also being used as a staff, but the way Greyworm used it was just plain impractical. I mean, is there any real defensive or offensive reason to twirl it around like he did? Seems like a good way to open up your defenses and get killed, not to mention tire yourself out.It just came off as overly-theatrical for someone like an Unsullied who's trained to kill efficiently and maintain uniformity.With this I agree, but in the TV they like to show off. Still it was not so bad (for TV). Whereas, wildings charge on one man was funny. They could simply sneak in or whatever, or at least charge from different directions.
3655	silentwanderer	2013-06-03	The only complain I had was killing off Talisa:
The rational side of me understand this was the only part that came as a complete shock after reading the books, but the emotional side of me is distraught  for her and the baby.
I don't know how Robb could handle his last moments on earth.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 03 June 2013 - 05:16 PM.
3656	Dragonstoned	2013-06-03	Did anybody else notice that a WOMAN was killed by Catelyn, and a PREGNANT WOMAN was killed by Lame Lothar? MISOGYNY! TRIGGERING!  CHARACTER ASSASSINATION! MALE GAZE! SEXISM!You saying lame people are killers? Disabled-ist.
3657	congokong	2013-06-03	I don't like Talisa/Jeyne and Blackfish at the wedding. Is Blackfish in the privy during all the fighting? Who holds Riverun now? Jeyne/Talisa dying and Blackfish at the wedding will change some things in the future.
Where is the Greatjon and Smalljon? Have the Manderleys even been mentioned in this show? Wendel was not at the wedding I'm assuming.
No skin from Theon's finger? I suppose they still want to play up the "who is this boy" scenario, like it's worth a damn.
The Walder Frey of the show comes across as much more boring than the book's version. Opportunistic pig he may have been, but book Walder was not boring.
There wasn't enough chaos in the wedding scene, especially outside. Did I hear quiet violins as background music?
For this to be the primary motivation for D+D to make this show (ignoring $$), I was hoping for a little more power to the scene on the level of the Battle of the Blackwater episode.
Can anyone explain just why Walder gave an attractive woman to Edmure in the books? Edumure is not landless and a hostage, so what did he gain? Did he fear Edmure would back out if she was ugly after coming all that way?
3658	mafalda	2013-06-03	Also, where are all of the crowns? Robb isn't wearing a crown, Dany no crown, can't remember if Stannis donned a crown or not, even Joff isn't wearing a crown.
What is a King without a crown (didn't mean to quote matisyahu there)?
"A crown for King"- Khal Drogo
3659	SilentSense	2013-06-03	The last 30 seconds were weak. They should have been powerful and instead we got Roose teleporting into the scene to deliver the coup de grace and then a strangely subdued, almost comical ending.
3660	nara	2013-06-03	Also, where are all of the crowns? Robb isn't wearing a crown, Dany no crown, can't remember if Stannis donned a crown or not, even Joff isn't wearing a crown.What is a King without a crown (didn't mean to quote matisyahu there)?"A crown for King"- Khal DrogoAgree on Robb's crown.  He should wear it for this formal occasion.  Dany was chillin' so I can see why she might not be wearing it.  I get why certain things (named character Northmen, Greywind kicking butt, etc.) were changed to save on $$, but  I would have preferred to have them in.One nitpick I have was when Robb asked Talisa the sex of the baby.  How would she know?  Do they have ultrasounds in Westeros?  They don<U+0080><U+0099>t even have electricity!  They can barely keep women alive during childbirth (Joanna, Lyanna, Rhaella, etc.)...
3661	Nami	2013-06-03	I just rewatched the whole scene of the RW again, paying attention to details
I noticed a lot of late reactions.
After the belly stabbing and arrows shot at Robb, everybody at the table had a straight face
I thought it was pretty weird, by then you would react instantly, at least with shock
3662	Nami	2013-06-03	WOW!
I wonder how you guys can access the forum and post so often
since yesterday is giving me error 99% of the time I try to get in
3663	DogLover	2013-06-03	Dany being in the episode.No really. While it set things up for her, Dany being in this episode was really strange considering this was the Stark Show. Also the way Yunkai was sacked was more like Meereen so now im all confused.Yep, my biggest gripe is that the Daenerys' scenes were included at all. I think this entire episode should have been devoted to the Starks. Also, I thought the fight scenes with Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario was totally Charlie's Angels campy. I'm also hating the Arya/Hound scenes, especially this episode. Overall, I thought it was the best of the season and second to the "Battle of the Blackwater" for the entire series.
3664	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-06-03	The only thing I did not like was the Reeds' and Osha's reaction to Bran warging Hodor. IIRC in the book Jojen warns him against it, and so he feels bad anytime he does it. I expected Osha to at least cry abomination. The way Jojen reacted by just saying "oh you're like the only person in the world who can do that, you're special" really didn't sit well with me. I won't even go into the Jon/Ygritte situation, or Sam's supposed knowledge of the Black Gate.
Sometimes it just feels like the show runners don't wanna put in too many fantasy elements (ie Coldhands).
3665	Penguin king	2013-06-03	I found a few nits to pick while watching.
1) Robb asks Cat for advice, and she agrees that attacking Casterly Rock is a bad idea, but "hey why not go down fighting like Ned would have wanted?" Seemed really out of character for her to endorse such a rash course of action.
2) "We'll put some wrong's aright." changed to "we'll put this mess behind us." don't understand why they changed this line. The tv version loses the  double meaning completely
3) "The Lannister's send their regards" A small change, but  I'm not sure why they changed this line either. I really like how book Roose twists Jaime's innocent words into something quite damning.  The TV version ditches all the dramatic irony, and i'm not sure why.
3666	Dove	2013-06-03	I'm not sure I liked everyone being so casual about Bran warging into Hodor. Isn't the human warging someone that they all can do, but don't because it's hideously taboo and violating and all that? I don't care about changes for the better but I thought the Hodor warging stuff was pretty effective as a "whoa Bran buddy you're getting a little weird here" kind of thing.Also the Red Wedding was distressing as fuck and hit all the right emotional beats but I thought the direction was sort of bad, especially for all the David Nutter phrase. Some really awkward cuts and staging.
3667	Maizel	2013-06-03	This episode is as close as AGOT has come to a 10/10.
I could nitpick,  but I wont.  
This was the most impact-full piece of television I've seen in years, and that's having read the books.
I can't even fathom how thunderstruck some of the non-reader fans are right now.
This episode was awesome... just awesome.
It makes me wish they would adapt all the books into the show.
3668	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-03	I guess it was too late for the show to change this, but they really should have had more northern lords - Maege Mormont, Greatjon Umbar, the Manderlys, at least. A scene with them leaving their arms at the door. The wedding hall noisy and chaotic with shouts and bellows of rage and people trying to protect Robb, the Greatjon upending a table. Cut to a big tent outside and a troop of Freys going in with arms. They nailed Robb's death and Catelyn's death, but not the rest.
The show lacks the sense that the book has that Robb is loved, that he has loyal people devoted to him, that the North is devoted to him, that the North will remember. All we see are people betraying him. Betrayal has more impact when contrasted with loyalty, we need to see these two conflict, and a bit of cathartic Greatjon rage to go with the overwhelming negative dying of the light.
3669	Nami	2013-06-03	This was the most impact-full piece of television I've seen in years, and that's having read the books.You should watch Spartacus
3670	teemo	2013-06-03	after rewatching the Cat/Robb scenes several times I've noticed a lot of things I don't like.  Overall, I'm happy with it, but there are definitely some noteworthy nitpicks.*ned and cat did have the bedding at their wedding*why are the frey musicians so talented*bolton's whole demeanor was off this episode and I usually like him.  he smiles too much and him running away from cat was weird. i admit, his smile is creepy, but did he ever smile before this episode?  his eyes were great though.  he has very scary eyes.  he doesn't need a creepy smile.  *the "lannisters send their regards" remark and stabbed seemed way more rushed and in a tone of fury than in the books, where roose always speaks very low and deliberate.  *wymen is really hard to spot out*some choppy editing that I didn't notice as much until after I rewatched it.  but it's kind of bad at some spots.  It's hard to believe that in the editing room they ended up with this and thought, "WOW yes this is the best we could have done."*I would have preferred to have seen Cat fall on the ground and start screaming and going mad than the catatonic state.  She didn't need to claw her face or talk about her hair, but wasn't the whole point of the Freys killing her because she was going mad?  Otherwise, she would have been a hostage.  Her acting is brilliant and she could have easily pulled that off.*madden's acting was rather unimpressive, especially compared to fairley.  the look on his face while he looked at Talisa didn't look like shot or horror, more like apathy.*grey wind's death was a little lame.*the cheesiness between talisa and robb was at an all-time nauseating high and the heavy-handedness of having them talk about baby names and stuff and all the kissing, blah blah right before they die is contrived.  *I know that Robb wanted to bring Jeyne to the wedding in the books, but I really doubt he would have been fondling and making out with her in front of Walder Frey.  I even think that's disrespectful.*Walder's comments toward Talisa were borderline over-the-top.  Well, they were actually.  I don't think he would have been nice to Jeyne at all, but about "being inside" her?  Yeah...*Cat having to stop Robb after Walder makes those remarks...what are you going to, Robb?  Go punch him in the face and piss him off again?*it literally seemed like none of the northerners were fighting back at all.  I get they're drunk, but the show really didn't emphasize just how drunk they were and even though they were drunk in the book they fought back.  They looked like a bunch of cowards.  *the guest right thing wasn't really emphasized, but hopefully they address what a heinous thing they did in future episodes.*BF's departure was dumb.  He has to go take a piss?  Really?  And who exactly is watching Riverrun?*Would have preferred a more prolonged sense of foreboding during the entire sequence of events, rather than EVERYTHING IS AWESOME THIS IS SO MUCH FUN (remember how awkward the whole ordeal was in the books?) and then BAM everyone is dead.  I know they were going for the 'shock factor,' but that doesn't mean it had to be like a horror flick.  The whole feeling that something "just isn't right" was one of my favorite parts of the book many, many years ago.  And I didn't figure it out.  I just honestly thought they hated the Freys and were uncomfortable as hell. *the throat-slitting CGI was awful. I usually have to turn away from throat/wrist-slitting in movies but had no issue rewatching this like 10 times.*oh, and Talisa being stabbed like that looked like a prison shower shanking or something.  over the top, much? surprisingly, my list of pros is just about as long, lol.  guess I'll post those in the positive thread.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 09:40 PM.
3671	Young Nan	2013-06-03	I was disappointed about grey wind too.   They probably didnt have it in the budget to do his last scene, so they ha  people shoot him with crossbows inside a kennel where we couldnt see.    Also agree that Frey's "I'd be all up in that" comments were over the top, and Robb starting in anger too- was he gonna mess up the alliance again?  Richard Maddens acting has been really underwhelming, all season he's in two moods: sullen anger, and horny forTalisa.
3672	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-03	SpYou should watch SpartacusSpeaking of which... and I never thought I'd end up using Spartacus as a measuring stick to hold GoT up against... the massacre at the end of Blood On the Sand was pretty much how I envisioned RW in terms of gore. The floor almost flowing with blood from fallen Starks, limbs being hacked, really putting the 'Red' in 'Red Wedding'.But I suppose the relatively understated way they actually filmed it was more in keeping with the rest of the show. Only the slighest of nitpicks. I think the wince-inducing death of Talisa and the throat-cutting (not to mention Richard Madden's awful, deathly utterance of '...mother') sold me in the violence stakes.Something something.
3673	Bob the Fiddler	2013-06-03	Needed the face clawing for the future Lady Stoneheart to be sufficiently scary.  Maybe the makeup was going to be too big of a pain in the ass.  But, Catelyn losing it in the book is so much better than the show's version, where she essentially dies inside before being killed physically by the knife across the neck.  
The lack of face clawing makes me wonder whether they are going to bring Lady Stoneheart in later.  I think they have to as she takes over for Beric.
3674	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	Needed the face clawing for the future Lady Stoneheart to be sufficiently scary.  Maybe the makeup was going to be too big of a pain in the ass.  But, Catelyn losing it in the book is so much better than the show's version, where she essentially dies inside before being killed physically by the knife across the neck.  The lack of face clawing makes me wonder whether they are going to bring Lady Stoneheart in later.  I think they have to as she takes over for Beric.If anything the face clawing occuring would make it harder to pull off LS since on TV she needs to actually, you know, have Cat's face /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3675	teemo	2013-06-03	SpSpeaking of which... and I never thought I'd end up using Spartacus as a measuring stick to hold GoT up against... the massacre at the end of Blood On the Sand was pretty much how I envisioned RW in terms of gore. The floor almost flowing with blood from fallen Starks, limbs being hacked, really putting the 'Red' in 'Red Wedding'.But I suppose the relatively understated way they actually filmed it was more in keeping with the rest of the show. Only the slighest of nitpicks. I think the wince-inducing death of Talisa and the throat-cutting (not to mention Richard Madden's awful, deathly utterance of '...mother') sold me in the violence stakes.Something something.it should have been bloodier tbh, even if just a little more so. it was pretty tame for a massacre.  and i don't think it would have been gratuitous either.  massacres tend to be super gory.
3676	Bob the Fiddler	2013-06-03	Oh yeah I forgot.  I think episode 9 confirmed that there will be no Coldhands in the show, which is some bullshit.  Coldhands is a BAMF, and the mystery of his identity is one of the more fun and persistent mysteries of the series.  
Samwell's explanation of how the Black Gate works was pretty lame compared to Coldhands taking them there because he's so goddamn cool on his Giant M'er F'ing ELK!! 
DAMN NO COLDHANDS!
3677	nara	2013-06-03	*bolton's whole demeanor was off this episode and I usually like him.  he smiles too much and him running away from cat was weird. i admit, his smile is creepy, but did he ever smile before this episode?  his eyes were great though.  he has very scary eyes.  he doesn't need a creepy smile.     I thought he was running to get his knife/sword.  He could hide mail under his clothes, but not a weapon.  Am I wrong?
3678	Nami	2013-06-03	Oh, I was really annoyed about how the YgrittexJon situation played out
How she didn't attack him when he was running away but instead was all lovesick
they made Jon look like an asshole really, for just leaving her there and she was the victim
					
					
							Edited by Nami, 03 June 2013 - 09:51 PM.
3679	FacelessFanDragon	2013-06-03	.....but either way, how many throat slashes per minute can there be without it becoming comical? Once that chick got stabbed in the baby I started laughing, which is the complete opposite of my reaction when I read that chapter all those years ago.Can I say the book is a billion times better? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3680	SerMixalot	2013-06-03	Radar O'Reed announcing the storm right before it happened, cheesy.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 03 June 2013 - 10:01 PM.
3681	Dr. Pepper	2013-06-03	*ned and cat did have the bedding at their weddingCan you see why they changed it?  Why it works with their canon and, more importantly, with the entire scene?*why are the frey musicians so talentedThe song had to be recognizable to the audience.  It's not like in the books where we are told what they are playing.  On the show, we have to be able to hear what they are playing.*bolton's whole demeanor was off this episode and I usually like him.  he smiles too much and him running away from cat was weird. i admit, his smile is creepy, but did he ever smile before this episode?  his eyes were great though.  he has very scary eyes.  he doesn't need a creepy smile.  His demeanor was off because he was doing something off.  It would have been weird if they didn't show that Roose had turned cloak.  Also, he wasn't running from Cat.  He was running from the volley of arrows. *I would have preferred to have seen Cat fall on the ground and start screaming and going mad than the catatonic state.  She didn't need to claw her face or talk about her hair, but wasn't the whole point of the Freys killing her because she was going mad?  Otherwise, she would have been a hostage.  Her acting is brilliant and she could have easily pulled that off.The Freys killing her in the book was like an afterthought.  Her being killed was also an afterthought on the show.  Also, all focus was on Cat.  The whole room disappeared, basically, and we are just watching how Cat has gone so mad that she's pretty much dead already.  I think it was implied that those around her continued to react and such while she was going mad. *madden's acting was rather unimpressive, especially compared to fairley.  the look on his face while he looked at Talisa didn't look like shot or horror, more like apathy.*Cat having to stop Robb after Walder makes those remarks...what are you going to, Robb?  Go punch him in the face and piss him off again?Got the impression he was just going to say, "Ok, let's move along Lord Walder". *it literally seemed like none of the northerners were fighting back at all.  I get they're drunk, but the show really didn't emphasize just how drunk they were and even though they were drunk in the book they fought back.  They looked like a bunch of cowards.  They were getting shot with arrows.  Blindsided! You can't fight an arrow.  You crawl under the table when that happens.  I assume at least some survived.  But we'll see. *BF's departure was dumb.  He has to go take a piss?  Really?  And who exactly is watching Riverrun?I thought his departure was hilarious.  It was a good way to keep him alive for the future.  Sometimes you just have to piss and it's not like it's normal for a wedding to turn into bloodshed.  Castellan is probably watching Riverrun, just like a castellan was watching Winterfell, Casterly Rock, Storm's End, etc.*oh, and Talisa being stabbed like that looked like a prison shower shanking or something.  over the top, much? Ha!  I had a moment where I was like, "What is this?  Oz?"
3682	Maizel	2013-06-03	You should watch SpartacusThe finale for Spartacus didnt do much for me.  But then again, I feel Im much more connected to the books than to any of the Spartacus seasones/series. I did like Spartacus though  and it was good to see Manu Bennett in The Arrow again. I don;t know man.  The episode just thunderstruck me, even though I knew what was coming. I;m still depressed, hours after watching it.
3683	teemo	2013-06-03	snipthanks for the reply /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> it's not a debate thread though and i'm not in the mood for debating, so I'm politely not responding.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 10:10 PM.
3684	Nami	2013-06-03	Also, I thought the fight scenes with Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario was totally Charlie's Angels campy.This totally made me laugh and I agree after I rewatched that scene
3685	The Night's Prince	2013-06-03	Just like I didn't feel anything reading about the RW, I didn't feel anything seeing the RW except for the brutality of stabbing Jeyne. I did not like watching that at all. Other than that, meh. If they did what they were supposed to then I don't think anyone, not even me, could watch and not be affected.
3686	UncertainPerson	2013-06-03	(copied from the general discussion thread, hope it fits here also)From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s death. Now, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have <U+0080><U+009C>twitter<U+0080><U+009D> nor <U+0080><U+009C>facebook<U+0080><U+009D> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0080><U+0099>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0080><U+0099>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading.Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?trust me brah, people have gone insane over it. i have been on a few general forums and people cannot stop posting about GoT and the GoT related threads are moving at an insane pace. twitter was full of people angry and threatening to cancel their HBO subscriptions, and there were several facebook statuses as well.i feel as if the outrage is even more because more people watch it now
3687	congokong	2013-06-03	I made a long post and the forum crashed when I tried to post it. I'm not doing it again.
I'll just say I expected a little more from the Red Wedding since D+D supposedly said it made them want to do the series; something on the budget of the Battle of the Blackwater.
3688	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Those complaining about Roose running out after the slap...he knew the crossbowmen were about to start...would you stay there?
Just to clear that up. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by The French Lion, 03 June 2013 - 10:51 PM.
3689	dni	2013-06-03	Those complaining about Roose running out after the slap...he knew the crossbowmen were about to start...would you stay there?Just to clear that up. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />If I was Roose Bolton... yeah I think I would just sit there impassively. They're crossbows firing from like 10-20 feet, doubt they'd miss. Or he could of just walked calmly to the side no one new what Cat was freaking out about because they were paying attention to Frey. It's a tv show they could of thought of some sort of staging that didn't look silly and fit with his character.
3690	TheDarkOne	2013-06-04	They can't remove Cold Hands.
Changing Robb's last words to Mommy is one thing, but they can't really take out Cold Hands can they?
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 04 June 2013 - 12:38 AM.
3691	andrew_	2013-06-04	They can't remove Cold Hands.Changing Robb's last words to Mommy is one thing, but they can't really take out Cold Hands can they?Well they could, what else does he do apart from taking Sam and Gilly to the wall and Bran and co to the children of the forest. From what I've read he isn't a big part of the story.
3692	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	It just shows that you know very little of fighting.Fighting in formation is very different than fighting alone.Most of the people forget that a spear is also a staff.Additionally he should have taken much shorter spear (like Yari if we are using japanese terms)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=O8RWLxlzTiMI'm well aware of historical martial arts and fighting. A decent bit more than you, I'd be willing to bet, seeing as how I actively study and practice them.I am also aware that fighting in formation is different from fighting alone. That's precisely my point. He is some slave soldier trained to do nothing but fight in a formation, yet he was fighting as if he had been trained to fight alone. The other Unsullied fought the way they should; organized, systematic, teamwork-oriented, and not frilly or flashy. Then we have Grey Worm fighting in a completely different way, in a way that is simply wrong for a soldier trained the way he was.I did not forget that a spear is also a staff. And the Japanese Yari was not particularly short. Not any shorter than any other spear.and no, twirling and/or spinning your weapon around in your hand, spinning, jumping, etc. are all very stupid things to do in combat. It's hollywood flashiness.
3693	andrew_	2013-06-04	I'm well aware of historical martial arts and fighting. A decent bit more than you, I'd be willing to bet, seeing as how I actively study and practice them.Being a green belt in karate doesn't make you and expert lol
3694	jeffklm	2013-06-04	I hope this post goes through, the site has been very difficult today....but anyway...I've read a couple interviews w/the cast and it sounds like Michelle Fairley is NOT coming back...so that would mean no Lady Stoneheart.I know GOT likes to play games, but she sounded pretty honest, said she finally cut her hair, that would be a shame...no more Michelle who is a great actress and it would also probably mean that nothing is going to happen in the future with Lady Stoneheart except that either Jamie or Brienne will probably kill her for good, and that will suck.It's most likely a red herring since the Lady Stoneheart storyline is supposed to be quite a big secret. I take everything with a grain of salt these days, even with Matt Smith announcing he's leaving Doctor Who, but that's another topic.
3695	jeffklm	2013-06-04	They can't remove Cold Hands.Changing Robb's last words to Mommy is one thing, but they can't really take out Cold Hands can they?I bet they will introduce Coldhands in S4, and only Bran&co will meet him, not Sam&Gilly. Likely to give Bran at least one story in S4.
3696	teemo	2013-06-04	I feel very confident that Lady Stoneheart will be coming back, regardless of anything that Michelle Fairley says.  It's a secret and I doubt she's allowed to even talk about it.  And I don't think they'll take out Coldhands either.  When's the last time GoT failed to cast a minor but not too minor character that everyone freaked out about not being cast?  I remember everyone (myself included) freaking out about the Reeds, Ramsay, BF, Edmure....some minor characters haven't been cast, like Strong Belwas, but no one even really panicked about that one.  Coldhands and LS in particular are pretty important to a lot of characters storylines.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 01:31 AM.
3697	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	they made Jon look like an asshole really, for just leaving her there and she was the victimThe "victim" killed an innocent man for being a witness. But yes, I was dismayed that they didn't have Ygritte try to kill Jon. Fuck "twoo wuvv", I want to see just how ruthless Ygritte can be.
3698	ApathyZer0	2013-06-04	Was anyone else bothered by the Yunkai fight scene? The whole thing felt a bit too flowery and melodramatic. With all the weapon twirling and smiling the fight didn't have any tension, it made me think of a fight out of lord of the rings. I half expected to see Legolas surfing down the stairs shooting arrows at people. I don't know, might just be me. I liked it not.
3699	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-04	I don't like that they're trying to make Jon a "badass" character with the "you were right the whole time" line.
3700	Net-Viper X	2013-06-04	Its really too bad that Arya didn't get a chance to open Gray Wind's cage so he would have a chance to kill some Frey's before the crossbows got him.
I also can't believe that they killed off Robbs wife. After Frey spent a half hour of screen time raving about how sexy she was I expected him to pour some moon tea down her throat and marry her himself.
And do we really know that Coldhands is cut? Damn that would be a load of dook, especially after that tease with all the crows following Sam. Surely they can work in Sam getting ambushed on his way to the Wierwood door by some of the zombified deserters from Crasters keep. This would allow Coldhands to show up for a handy rescue and leave him ready to act as tour guide for Bran when he comes through the gate. Or maybe they will just have Bran run into him next season, its a long way to that CotF cave after all.
Overall very good episode, not much to complain about except that the season is almost over. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3701	teemo	2013-06-04	I don't like that they're trying to make Jon a "badass" character with the "you were right the whole time" line.good point, actually.  not something I imagine Jon to ever say.
3702	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	Also, where are all of the crowns? Robb isn't wearing a crown, Dany no crown, can't remember if Stannis donned a crown or not, even Joff isn't wearing a crown.What is a King without a crown (didn't mean to quote matisyahu there)?"A crown for King"- Khal DrogoI wondered why the King In The North, his queen, and his mother all show up for the wedding of Lord Tully (said King's uncle) wearing their most drab outfits.  I realize that they can't run off to Rodeo Drive and buy some nice formal wear; but didn't they have tailors and materials at Riverrun?  Why wasn't Robb wearing a grey and white direwolf-emblazoned cloak instead of the usual furs?  Why wasn't he wearing a crown?  Why did his wife and mother look as fashion-challenged as the Frey women?  I vaguely remember Edmure looking like he was wearing something appropriate for a high lord of Westeros getting married, but he was the only one who looked like he'd washed his hair and put on something nice.
3703	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-06-04	Jon seeing BOTH Summer & Shaggydog could prove tricky down the line. There will be questions as to why he does not go searching for them, in the book he only sees flashes of summer(at night) and isn't quite sure.
3704	SilentSense	2013-06-04	Was anyone else bothered by the Yunkai fight scene? The whole thing felt a bit too flowery and melodramatic. With all the weapon twirling and smiling the fight didn't have any tension, it made me think of a fight out of lord of the rings. I half expected to see Legolas surfing down the stairs shooting arrows at people. I don't know, might just be me. I liked it not.Yep. That fight was ridiculous. Based on what we've seen them do in the show, you'd think Daario, Jorah and Grey Worm are the best fighters in the realm.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 04 June 2013 - 04:02 AM.
3705	protar	2013-06-04	My nitpicks:Greywind not getting a chance to tear up some Frey ass.The Hound not getting a chance to tear up some Frey ass.Still lamenting the lack of loyal northern bannermen.No Face clawing.Why did Orell not use his eagle to scout out the tower if he thought he heard shouting? Plothole much.
3706	Boi	2013-06-04	Selmy drinking from a wine goblet as a body guard in the Queensguard seemed massively out of character. The last seconds of the episode. Some action sceens seem to well choreographed with pause for weapon spinning. Instead of being like the slaughter at the Red Wedding the fluidity and pace when those crossbow bolts are flying and Frey's knives are stabbing.  I really enjoyed this episode
3707	SeventySeven	2013-06-04	The "victim" killed an innocent man for being a witness. But yes, I was dismayed that they didn't have Ygritte try to kill Jon. Fuck "twoo wuvv", I want to see just how ruthless Ygritte can be.Yeah, me too. I'm glad Jon is turning into a more book Jon, albeit sloooowly, and I like j/Y being a bit more of a love story but she should be more of a wildling.
3708	King of the Road	2013-06-04	The Hound not getting a chance to tear up some Frey ass.It could be in next episode, the preview indicates that we'll see more of the fighting the camp, and there're a few shots of Arya and the Hound riding through it. Or maybe the fight at the inn will be between the Hound and some Frey men? Perhaps him against the guy that stopped him and Arya at the gate, in which case Arya could stab him whilst saying some reference to what he said at the RW to replace the Tickler.
3709	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	All the gratuitous throat slashing...it was like watching an old Friday the 13th. The over the top gore really cheapened it, they should have only had one terrible gory moment and been more tasteful with the rest, it would have had more impact. But again, this is just the way these guys run the show--beat you over the head with all the great stuff Martin did in his books. He should have been more involved with the writing and direction of this episode, or maybe he was--but either way, how many throat slashes per minute can there be without it becoming comical? Once that chick got stabbed in the baby I started laughing, which is the complete opposite of my reaction when I read that chapter all those years ago.Can I say the book is a billion times better? What an odd little comment.
3710	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	Yeah, me too. I'm glad Jon is turning into a more book Jon, albeit sloooowly, and I like j/Y being a bit more of a love story but she should be more of a wildling.We get a shot of Ygritte angrily pointing her bow at something in the ep10 preview, so maybe she's hunting Jon?
3711	protar	2013-06-04	It could be in next episode, the preview indicates that we'll see more of the fighting the camp, and there're a few shots of Arya and the Hound riding through it. Or maybe the fight at the inn will be between the Hound and some Frey men? Perhaps him against the guy that stopped him and Arya at the gate, in which case Arya could stab him whilst saying some reference to what he said at the RW to replace the Tickler.I hope so, although I'd rather they'd put all the chaos in E9 and left E10 for the desolate aftermath. Seems they're picking up right were they left off, whereas I was hoping for a time skip.
3712	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I feel very confident that Lady Stoneheart will be coming back, regardless of anything that Michelle Fairley says.  It's a secret and I doubt she's allowed to even talk about it.  And I don't think they'll take out Coldhands either.  When's the last time GoT failed to cast a minor but not too minor character that everyone freaked out about not being cast?  I remember everyone (myself included) freaking out about the Reeds, Ramsay, BF, Edmure....some minor characters haven't been cast, like Strong Belwas, but no one even really panicked about that one.  Coldhands and LS in particular are pretty important to a lot of characters storylines.I hope so, but she sounded very convincing...talking about cutting her hair and how she's had to keep it long and keep coloring it...and Lene Heady tweeted she would miss her "pal"..kind of like in the interviews w/Oona Chaplin where she talks about the love story and its obvious her character wasnt a spy.Stoneheart doesn't really do anything that somebody else can't do and if GRRM is planning on having Jamie or Brienne kill her off, then she isn't needed for the plot goimg forward
3713	Scratch Face	2013-06-04	i agree with most the nit picking here.
I wish the viewing of the Red Wedding was close to the reading of it.
3714	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	(copied from the general discussion thread, hope it fits here also)From where I stand, the public reaction to Red Wedding doesn<U+0092>t seem to be near the reaction to Ned<U+0092>s death. Now, I don<U+0092>t have <U+0093>twitter<U+0094> nor <U+0093>facebook<U+0094> account, so I might be wrong and those two may be going crazy at this very moment. Suffice to say, my overview of the rest of the internet is also very limited. But, the reaction in general does seem pretty quiet, like nothing extraordinary happened. On boards I checked, some posters do claim they're done with the show, but that looks like the only real clue that RW just happened on screens.  And some of the first reviews of the episode (Allan Sepinwal<U+0092>s, for example), only strengthened the impression that HBO<U+0092>s RW is not the ground-shaking event many expected, certainly not on the level of Ned<U+0092>s beheading.Did anybody get a different, or maybe opposite impression?without a doubt.  Tv robb deserved it.  Ned didnt
3715	teemo	2013-06-04	I hope so, but she sounded very convincing...talking about cutting her hair and how she's had to keep it long and keep coloring it...and Lene Heady tweeted she would miss her "pal"..kind of like in the interviews w/Oona Chaplin where she talks about the love story and its obvious her character wasnt a spy.Stoneheart doesn't really do anything that somebody else can't do and if GRRM is planning on having Jamie or Brienne kill her off, then she isn't needed for the plot goimg forwardYou might be right.  I know GoT wants to tread somewhat lightly with the fantasy stuff so they don't lose viewers (although people love the dragons and direwolves), hence why they spend most of their time in KL.  Sometimes I wonder if they think LS would just be too "over-the-top" or something.  Having a dead main character come back to life.  I hope our fears are unfounded though.  I would hate to see Brienne and Jaime storylines totally changed like that.I saw it, and it does sound convincing, but it really doesn't necessarily mean anything even so.  I remember mid-season in TWD one of the actors and producers both said his character was safe and then he was killed off.  And they were pretty convincing as well.  And it's not the first time I've seen it.  Or maybe I'm just being too hopeful /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 07:24 AM.
3716	-jelena-	2013-06-04	Regarding Lady Stoneheart and Michelle... I saw it before on this board when people were complaining about the show focusing more on cheesy love story between Robb and Talisa than on Cat's story. What if we get Talisa as Lady Stoneheart?
3717	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	Jorah grey worm an daario killing 49 guys was lame.  So lame
3718	teemo	2013-06-04	Regarding Lady Stoneheart and Michelle... I saw it before on this board when people were complaining about the show focusing more on cheesy love story between Robb and Talisa than on Cat's story. What if we get Talisa as Lady Stoneheart?This forum would explode, that's for sure.
3719	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	You might be right.  I know GoT wants to tread somewhat lightly with the fantasy stuff so they don't lose viewers (although people love the dragons and direwolves), hence why they spend most of their time in KL.  Sometimes I wonder if they think LS would just be too "over-the-top" or something.  Having a dead main character come back to life.  I hope our fears are unfounded though.  I would hate to see Brienne and Jaime storylines totally changed like that.I saw it, and it does sound convincing, but it really doesn't necessarily mean anything even so.  I remember mid-season in TWD one of the actors and producers both said his character was safe and then he was killed off.  And they were pretty convincing as well.  And it's not the first time I've seen it.  Or maybe I'm just being too hopeful /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yeah, I don't know, I've finally been brought around to the belief that I initially rejected that D&D just don't like the Stark storyline very much except for Arya.When I read the resurection epilogue I was like GOOD, hang some more Freys, it was a tiny little bit of payback...but in the scheme of things, Stoneheart doesn't do much...she hangs the Frey guy when we first see her and then we don't see her again [I think?] until Dance when she grabs Brienne, so from a plot point, IF GRRM isn't planning on any big future scenes, like Arya and Stoneheart eventually reunited in the Riverlands or something along those lines, then its fairly easy to get rid of, they can always just have the BWB take Brienne hostage when it comes time for that part.
3720	teemo	2013-06-04	Yeah, I don't know, I've finally been brought around to the belief that I initially rejected that D&D just don't like the Stark storyline very much except for Arya.When I read the resurection epilogue I was like GOOD, hang some more Freys, it was a tiny little bit of payback...but in the scheme of things, Stoneheart doesn't do much...she hangs the Frey guy when we first see her and then we don't see her again [I think?] until Dance when she grabs Brienne, so from a plot point, IF GRRM isn't planning on any big future scenes, like Arya and Stoneheart eventually reunited in the Riverlands or something along those lines, then its fairly easy to get rid of, they can always just have the BWB take Brienne hostage when it comes time for that part. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 07:32 AM.
3721	The Lady Lannister	2013-06-04	In the book Roslin is crying throughout and starts poisitivley wailing at  the bedding ceremony. I thought it gave an ominouos air to the proceedings, so they could have shown it in the film.
Re: Lady Stoneheart. I wish they just missed her out altogether.
3722	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-04	Oh, I was really annoyed about how the YgrittexJon situation played outHow she didn't attack him when he was running away but instead was all lovesickthey made Jon look like an asshole really, for just leaving her there and she was the victimhttp://weknowgifs.co...before-hoes.gif
3723	Honourable Ser	2013-06-04	Wouldn't bother me at all if Stoneheart was missed out.
3724	GoodGuyA	2013-06-04	I was disappointed how Jon's relationship with the wildlings took such a sudden turn with the event. Obviously it had to reach this conclusion, but with Tormund it went from "We're cool" to mildly suspicious to "Kill him!". Didn't seem to befit the character who is a bit more honorable than that, I think.
3725	mafalda	2013-06-04	I wondered why the King In The North, his queen, and his mother all show up for the wedding of Lord Tully (said King's uncle) wearing their most drab outfits.  I realize that they can't run off to Rodeo Drive and buy some nice formal wear; but didn't they have tailors and materials at Riverrun?  Why wasn't Robb wearing a grey and white direwolf-emblazoned cloak instead of the usual furs?  Why wasn't he wearing a crown?  Why did his wife and mother look as fashion-challenged as the Frey women?  I vaguely remember Edmure looking like he was wearing something appropriate for a high lord of Westeros getting married, but he was the only one who looked like he'd washed his hair and put on something nice.   Yes!! And lol at the "as fashion-challenged as the Freys"! Completely agree. Also, as long as we are on the topic of clothes here, WHY is Dany wearing the SAME blue tunic in every single episode??? She changed ONCE when she had on that white dress, then she went right back to wearing that same blue tunic! The costumes on this show are usually spectacular, but (with the exception of Marg's awesome wardrobe) I have to raise one eyebrow at some of the choices made this season.
3726	Summerfell	2013-06-04	In the book Roslin is crying throughout and starts poisitivley wailing at  the bedding ceremony. I thought it gave an ominouos air to the proceedings, so they could have shown it in the film.Re: Lady Stoneheart. I wish they just missed her out altogether.I have to agree, I was expecting Roslin to be bawling all over the place, and was looking forward to Edmure being perplexed by it all. It's a minor nitpick, though.
3727	Nictarion	2013-06-04	The only thing in the episode I didn't like was Grey Wind should have took out some Frey's before his death, like he did in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Nictarion, 04 June 2013 - 09:02 AM.
3728	mafalda	2013-06-04	Okay, I have to ask, I'm so curious.. why don't people here like Lady Stoneheart? I thought that was a brilliant twist in the books, and was glad Cat came back, even as UnCat as she was! No one thought Beric coming back to life 6 or 7 times was a little silly, but everyone hates the idea of Lady Stoneheart? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3729	Mista C	2013-06-04	My issues with this episode:
1.  I thought that the entire episode should have been at the Twins, just like Blackwater last season.  They could have shown the first meeting with the Frey's when GW lashed-out at one of them and acted all uneasy.  Would have conveyed that even GW knew that something was not right here.  They could have also taken the time to better show how many Stark soldiers were actually there for the wedding in the surrounding tents.  I know that they showed some horseplaying and what not, but an aerial shot of all the tents and camps would have been great.
2.  Scale of everything was not big enough, but it's only TV I guess.  Even the hall where the massacre took place seemed too small to me.
3.  I really felt like the actor that played Walder Frey approached the role a little differently this time.  In Season 1, he truly seemed like some super crusty old man who barely knew what was going on.  This time, he seemed much too "with it" and "together" to me.  He did not seem nearly as old as in Season 1.  He played it this time like a modern-day pervy old man and not some old medeivel lord who has lost half his marbles.  I thought that his whole look at Robb and "wink wink, hey she's not too bad, huh" expression when his daughter was revealed was very out of character.  Is it just me?
4.  Not nearly enough chaos outside of the Twins.  Things seemed too calm.  Again, this goes back to scale.  I just don't feel like they handled the exterior scenes very well.
5.  I really wanted to, but I just could not get into the scenes with Arya and the hound.  Again, if the entire episode would have been at the Twins, they could have spent much more time on their story.  It felt very rushed to me from the time they got there until the end.  They could have spent more time on them wandering through the camps on their way to the castle gates, and more anticipation on trying to get in.
6.  No hound fighting Frey solders.  I guess that this could happen next week, but I think that the entire RW events should have been in the one episode and not spread out between two episodes.  Same with the burning tents.  This was such a huge part of the RW and one aspect that really stood out to me.
7.  Am I the only one who hates Daario Naharis?
					
					
							Edited by Mista C, 04 June 2013 - 09:22 AM.
3730	JuiceTonk	2013-06-04	I wondered why the King In The North, his queen, and his mother all show up for the wedding of Lord Tully (said King's uncle) wearing their most drab outfits.  I realize that they can't run off to Rodeo Drive and buy some nice formal wear; but didn't they have tailors and materials at Riverrun?  Why wasn't Robb wearing a grey and white direwolf-emblazoned cloak instead of the usual furs?  Why wasn't he wearing a crown?  Why did his wife and mother look as fashion-challenged as the Frey women?  I vaguely remember Edmure looking like he was wearing something appropriate for a high lord of Westeros getting married, but he was the only one who looked like he'd washed his hair and put on something nice.   I know there is such a thing as a budget on this show, but I Just laugh at how it seems like every character just wears the exact same clothes to everything for the year or so (I forget the exact length of time that's passed) since King Robert first came to Winterfell.Catelyn always has that dark green velvet looking dress, Cersei's always in her red dress, Tywin's always in that black coat, etc. etc. I can understand it for someone like Jon who's obviously wearing a sort of uniform and could get away with wearing the same thing every episode, but the Queen Regent? She should be wearing a different dress every day, she's part of one of the richest families in Westeros!
3731	JuiceTonk	2013-06-04	...it made me think of a fight out of lord of the rings. I half expected to see Legolas surfing down the stairs shooting arrows at people. I don't know, might just be me. I liked it not.It's actually really funny that you mention this, because every time I see Daario Naharis I can't stop wondering if the actor played an elf in the LOTR movies, he's just got that face that makes him look like one ya know?
3732	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	The clothing IS a nit pick,  but it would have been nice to see the King in the North and his mother dressed up in Stark colors and looking regal for a change instead of wearing the same old clothes they've been wearing for the last 3 years.  A new outfit for each of them surely wouldn't break the bank.
3733	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-04	Arya not letting Grey Wind out. That would've been a great deviation, and have led right into the wolf's howling death after siccing some Frey goons.
Roose not having his evil costume switch was a minor quibble, but eh. Without Ramsay doing the same thing a book earlier, it would've lost its punch anyway.
3734	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	Okay, I have to ask, I'm so curious.. why don't people here like Lady Stoneheart? I thought that was a brilliant twist in the books, and was glad Cat came back, even as UnCat as she was! No one thought Beric coming back to life 6 or 7 times was a little silly, but everyone hates the idea of Lady Stoneheart? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I have such a love/hate relationship with Lady Stoneheart. I really liked Cat so having her come back and start taking revenge on Freys and Lannisters seemed like a blessing at first. It didn't take long however to realize that Robb was the lucky one and she got the short end of the stick. It is heartbreaking to watch such a compassionate character to be reduced to someone who just seeks vengeance at all costs and does not care about justice or mercy anymore. So I hate LS and hate GRRM for what he did to Cat but I also love how he shows us through her that death is not always the worst faith. Such a tragic story.
3735	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	I wondered why the King In The North, his queen, and his mother all show up for the wedding of Lord Tully (said King's uncle) wearing their most drab outfits.  I realize that they can't run off to Rodeo Drive and buy some nice formal wear; but didn't they have tailors and materials at Riverrun?  Why wasn't Robb wearing a grey and white direwolf-emblazoned cloak instead of the usual furs?  Why wasn't he wearing a crown?  Why did his wife and mother look as fashion-challenged as the Frey women?  I vaguely remember Edmure looking like he was wearing something appropriate for a high lord of Westeros getting married, but he was the only one who looked like he'd washed his hair and put on something nice.   .I actually thought that they dressed up quite nicely, just not in flashy colours. I don't remember the Starks wearing anything nicer during the feast in the honour of the King and Queen visiting Winterfell and that was the most grandiose occasion they have attended so far.Talisa was definitely underdressed but as pointed out by Walder Frey I think it was on purpose: i) not to offend Freys by flaunting her beauty and ii) to hide her growing belly.
3736	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Talisa was definitely underdressed but as pointed out by Walder Frey I think it was on purpose: i) not to offend Freys by flaunting her beauty and ii) to hide her growing belly.Wait there was a time she actually wore something nice? LOL. And I don't see the hype. I'm not saying she's ugly or anything to that affect, but I definitely think there's a lot prettier girls in that show compared to her. (Though I admit she certainly is better looking compared to Frey girls, but that's a given. Well except Roslin.)As far as I'm concerned she wore exactly the some sort of thing she always did.
3737	aFeastForDragons	2013-06-04	I just couldn't enjoy this episode. I have a scene in my head how the red wedding plays out with The Rains of Castamere coming on, everything goes silent, Manderly and Cat look at each other with a sudden terror, crossbow bolts fly into Rob, tables flipping, Rob's bannerman jumping in front of him to defend him, Northerner's busting in with the look that they are going to save the day and instead they cut a path through Rob's bodyguards etc
Amazing episode but its one of those things where you have an image of how something plays out. Seeing someone elses take on it just doesn't feel right.
I did however love the Yunkai LOTR style fight. We haven't seen much fighting this series so it was a welcome addition.
3738	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	Wait there was a time she actually wore something nice? LOL. And I don't see the hype. I'm not saying she's ugly or anything to that affect, but I definitely think there's a lot prettier girls in that show compared to her. (Though I admit she certainly is better looking compared to Frey girls, but that's a given. Well except Roslin.)As far as I'm concerned she wore exactly the some sort of thing she always did.Wearing the same things as always kinda qualifies to being underdressed for a wedding, right? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Totally agree about her looks. I don't find her attractive but I think she is supposed to be beautiful, thus my comment about Robb not wanting to insult Walder Frey buy ostentatiously displaying what a hot piece of exotic ass he got instead of settling for one of his plain daughters. I think that Talisa's unattractiveness in my eyes has more to do with the completely bland and charmless personality due to poor acting rather than the actual looks of the actress.
3739	Nami	2013-06-04	I thought it was extremelly rude for Talisa to attend the wedding. I mean, really?
book!Cat would say something to Robb about it.
3740	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Wearing the same things as always kinda qualifies to being underdressed for a wedding, right? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Totally agree about her looks. I don't find her attractive but I think she is supposed to be beautiful, thus my comment about Robb not wanting to insult Walder Frey buy ostentatiously displaying what a hot piece of exotic ass he got instead of settling for one of his plain daughters. I think that Talisa's unattractiveness in my eyes has more to do with the completely bland and charmless personality due to poor acting rather than the actual looks of the actress.Well true. But it sounded like it was being said there was a time she actually wore something rather nice looking. Which IMO she never did.Yes I know she is supposed to be 'beautiful' but I really don't think she is. And that's not even counting her boring personality. Heck my mom who doesn't even watch the show saw tumblr posts of the wedding and agreed Talisa isn't all that pretty. I guess it's just with all these girls around, like Dany, Margaery, Sansa, some of the whores, etc, who are very beautiful, Talisa just doesn't compare to their standard in my opinion. Plus it doesn't help she never wore anything nice looking. (One interview I saw Oona in she freaking looked stoned.) But yeah, I wouldn't say the actress is ugly or anything extreme like that, but there's much more beautiful actresses in that show in comparison, at least as far as I'm concerned.
3741	jeffklm	2013-06-04	I have such a love/hate relationship with Lady Stoneheart. I really liked Cat so having her come back and start taking revenge on Freys and Lannisters seemed like a blessing at first. It didn't take long however to realize that Robb was the lucky one and she got the short end of the stick. It is heartbreaking to watch such a compassionate character to be reduced to someone who just seeks vengeance at all costs and does not care about justice or mercy anymore. So I hate LS and hate GRRM for what he did to Cat but I also love how he shows us through her that death is not always the worst faith. Such a tragic story.This is the way I feel too.
3742	Masamune	2013-06-04	So Talisa wasn't a spy after all?
In which case her entire character made no sense whatsoever and was shoehorned in for some faux drama, since everyone else worth caring about at the RW was written out of the show.
And yeah, Roose's stabby stab was pretty weak.
3743	Xydonus	2013-06-04	Well true. But it sounded like it was being said there was a time she actually wore something rather nice looking. Which IMO she never did.Yes I know she is supposed to be 'beautiful' but I really don't think she is. And that's not even counting her boring personality. Heck my mom who doesn't even watch the show saw tumblr posts of the wedding and agreed Talisa isn't all that pretty. I guess it's just with all these girls around, like Dany, Margaery, Sansa, some of the whores, etc, who are very beautiful, Talisa just doesn't compare to their standard in my opinion. Plus it doesn't help she never wore anything nice looking. (One interview I saw Oona in she freaking looked stoned.) But yeah, I wouldn't say the actress is ugly or anything extreme like that, but there's much more beautiful actresses in that show in comparison, at least as far as I'm concerned.Everyone has a different view on beauty so debating it is rather pointless. However, just to say, in the books Jeyne Westerling was considered average and nothing special. Even Jaime said so himself, while I can't remember the exact quote it was quite demeaning of her looks.In regards to my nitpicking: I felt there wasn't enough explanation done for the serving of the dish at the start, to secure guest right and the protection of the host. While I knew what this was and what it meant, when the dish got spread around, it felt as if for non-readers (friends of mine) wouldn't understand this and it was the case when I explained to them that the Freys just broke the most sacred and most ancient law there is in Westeros.While I did enjoy the episode, and I consider it a top episode, I do feel certain things were missing. Greatjon Umber for one, and his immense drunken rage at the wedding as the tragedy unfolds, however I can understand why this was left out, as it would be difficult to explain to the viewers (non-readers anyhow) on why Umber is getting subdued rather than killed outright while blatant murder is going all around them.Not having Greywind do his thing and taking out a few Freys as it was in the book, is perhaps my biggest issue with the episode.
3744	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Everyone has a different view on beauty so debating it is rather pointless. However, just to say, in the books Jeyne Westerling was considered average and nothing special. Even Jaime said so himself, while I can't remember the exact quote it was quite demeaning of her looks.Um all Jaime said was she wasn't pretty enough to loose a kingdom over. He said she was pretty, just not worth loosing everything over. So no she wasn't average by any means if we have Jaime and Cat to go off of for pov's. Jeyne actually is described as quite pretty.But who's debating? Me and the other person were pretty much in agreement. All I added on top of that was the reasoning I don't think she's beautiful is because there's much prettier characters/actresses in the show compared to her. (And they said it was primarily her personality for them). So there was no argument, and I wasn't even looking to start one. It's just a shame they didn't find a very pretty girl to play the part, because I could at least understand why Robb was so smitten with her, but IMO she's not very pretty in comparison to other girls in the show and she has a dull personality. If they hadn't done the idiotic foreign angle (and instead kept it a girl from Westeros but not an enemy daughter) the actress of Roslin was very beautiful and I could have seen Robb falling for her way more than I can with Talisa despite the fact they tried to build up this love story between them. But oh well the story is done with thankfully so they can't butcher Cat and Robb anymore, thank god. At this point I'm not sure if I'll be happy or upset if they cut out LS. Might be for the best since they just screw Cat over. At least she had very good moments this episode and deserves an Emmy.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 04 June 2013 - 01:14 PM.
3745	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	In regards to my nitpicking: I felt there wasn't enough explanation done for the serving of the dish at the start, to secure guest right and the protection of the host. While I knew what this was and what it meant, when the dish got spread around, it felt as if for non-readers (friends of mine) wouldn't understand this and it was the case when I explained to them that the Freys just broke the most sacred and most ancient law there is in Westeros.I know that this is a niptick without repercussion post so I apologize if this is going to sound like a criticism because it is not.IMO, It really does not take an expert in Westerosi etiquette to understand that inviting groom's family for a wedding feast, promising them shelter and protection, getting them drunk and then slaughtering them like animals is something wrong and unusual even in that fucked up fantasy world.I just fail to see how people that did not fully grasp the concept of guest rights even though it is explained by Walder Frey (combined with the powerful visual image of the two parties breaking bread together) and when it is quite similar to most contemporary culture's guest rights, would consider the RW to be somehow less horrific and just think of it as a "fun wedding by Dothraki standards".Besides, we will still be dealing with the aftermaths in the episodes to come so it's likely it will be stressed out again.
3746	Xydonus	2013-06-04	"Pretty" is a very broad definition, to say shes not average would be to say average means ugly.
But as you said you can't understand why Robb fell for her, and that her role should have went to someone who was more attractive. My point is: beauty is all perception. I actually think she's quite attractive. I've read comments from others that suggest Brienne is rather attractive while I simply do not see the attraction.
So in my opinion the issue on whether or not she's attractive is moot because that relies on individual perception.
3747	Xydonus	2013-06-04	IMO, It really does not take an expert in Westerosi etiquette to understand that inviting groom's family for a wedding feast, promising them shelter and protection, getting them drunk and then slaughtering them like animals is something wrong and unusual even in that fucked up fantasy world.I just fail to see how people that did not fully grasp the concept of guest rights even though it is explained by Walder Frey (combined with the powerful visual image of the two parties breaking bread together) and when it is quite similar to most contemporary culture's guest rights, would consider the RW to be somehow less horrific and just think of it as a "fun wedding by Dothraki standards".Most of my friends are not book readers, and when I explained to them to the extent of what happened and the meaning of the guest rights, they didn't know... While I'm not generalizing non-readers there is quite a few that wouldn't have caught that. Sure, it might be explained in the next episode, which I think it will from Tyrion, but leaving out the part where Cat specifically asks for the dish I felt was a flaw.
3748	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	Most of my friends are not book readers, and when I explained to them to the extent of what happened and the meaning of the guest rights, they didn't know... While I'm not generalizing non-readers there is quite a few that wouldn't have caught that. Sure, it might be explained in the next episode, which I think it will from Tyrion, but leaving out the part where Cat specifically asks for the dish I felt was a flaw.I understand that people might not get the bread ritual but I feel quite confident that they understand that shooting your wedding guests is pretty evil and not a standard practice.
3749	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	"Pretty" is a very broad definition, to say shes not average would be to say average means ugly.But as you said you can't understand why Robb fell for her, and that her role should have went to someone who was more attractive. My point is: beauty is all perception. I actually think she's quite attractive. I've read comments from others that suggest Brienne is rather attractive while I simply do not see the attraction.So in my opinion the issue on whether or not she's attractive is moot because that relies on individual perception.Well no I wasn't saying I couldn't understand just because I don't think she's pretty. There's many, many, reasons why I don't understand Robb falling for her. Beauty is one of the last things on my mind for reasoning why he 'loved' her. Horrible story, lack of chemistry, etc are at the very top.I can understand if some people do think the actress is pretty, but I don't see how my saying she is average automatically means ugly. If we were going to call anyone ugly, then we might as well throw it on the Freys doorstep, aside from Roslin, where it belongs lol. But no my thought on average is just that, average. Just because I think there's much prettier actresses in the show doesn't mean I'm going so far to call her dog ugly or anything of that nature. I just think she's very plain looking. There's nothing wrong with that. My thing is she just doesn't have a good personality to make her 'better' despite the fact I think she's just average looking. Her personality sucks to be quite honest. The only time I've found her half way okay in terms of acting and character is this episode where I didn't want to rip my eyes out having to watch scenes between her and Madden.But yeah there's no point in 'arguing' about it because as you said beauty is more of a perception. And I agree I don't find the actress of Brienne to be all that pretty. I wasn't even thinking of her when I said there was more beautiful actresses in the show lol. I'm just let down by the fact they didn't have someone indescribably beautiful because if Robb is going to loose a kingdom it should at least be to someone with a very good personality (which I definitely think she doesn't have) and looks that's worth dying for. But again it's only my opinion that she isn't those things. Others might think so, all I can go off of is that me, my friends, and even my mother (who doesn't watch the show) doesn't find her to be 'gorgeous'/pretty or well above average (or whatever other word can be used.)But just to get off of that note I was very disappointed Grey Wind didn't get to kill anyone before dying. I was really let down and wanted to see him go out fighting.
3750	Nami	2013-06-04	I understand that people might not get the bread ritual but I feel quite confident that they understand that shooting your wedding guests is pretty evil and not a standard practice.They will, but the westerosi concept it's more deep than thatThere are rules of hospitality that comes from eating salt and bread. It's a tradition we don't have in our real world.It would explain why later on all Lords are shocked at the lack of honour from the Freys and how the rules of hospitality to them means nothing
3751	Nami	2013-06-04	She's pretty, not gorgeous like Cersei is supposed to be
And that's how it is in the books with Jeyne Westerling
3752	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	k, here's a major nitpick of mine that's been bugging me the whole series.[img]http://thefwoosh.com...r-1024.jpg[/img]SO MANY CHARACTERS HOLD THEIR SWORDS AS IF THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOINGwhat the heck is that? That's supposed to be a most skilled swordsman in the seven kingdoms, and he's holding his sword like a 5 year old girl holds a kitchen knife that she's scared to drop on her own toes.And he's not the only character guilty of this.edit: Roslin Frey was smoking..........wow......Marcus Junius Brutus really got lucky.....
					
					
							Edited by Harnisfechten, 04 June 2013 - 02:05 PM.
3753	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	She's pretty, not gorgeous like Cersei is supposed to beAnd that's how it is in the books with Jeyne WesterlingLike the other poster mentioned its about perception. I don't think she's pretty but I will agree Cersei is much prettier. (That's why I tried to end it in my last post. Since obviously perception isn't something that can be argued lol.) but yeah she'd just average to me. Nothing worth looking at when you compare Dany, Cersei, Roslin, Sansa, Margery etc.
3754	Tadco26	2013-06-04	I understand that people might not get the bread ritual but I feel quite confident that they understand that shooting your wedding guests is pretty evil and not a standard practice.I thought they did a decent job with it in particular since Walder emphasized that they were under his shelter and protection.  Still I would have preferred that Cat had mentioned it to Robb prior to that.  That is  a nitpick for me though.I was really most disappointed with Jon not getting shot by Ygritte and the implication that Bran was worging both Shaggy Dog and Summer at the same time.  Also the apparent cutting of Cold Hands at least for this season.  But the adaptation of the story north of the wall has been mostly a disappointment for most of the series for me.
3755	Xydonus	2013-06-04	Another nitpick I have, and perhaps the biggest issue for me: I didn't like the sword fight with Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm. It felt far too choreographic, and the worse bit was Grey Worm spinning his spear around on for no purpose other than to look 'cool'. Wasn't keen on how the guards just swarmed in either as if it was a Bruce Lee film about Ninja's...
					
					
							Edited by Xydonus, 04 June 2013 - 02:06 PM.
3756	SerMixalot	2013-06-04	Wearing the same things as always kinda qualifies to being underdressed for a wedding, right? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Totally agree about her looks. I don't find her attractive but I think she is supposed to be beautiful, thus my comment about Robb not wanting to insult Walder Frey buy ostentatiously displaying what a hot piece of exotic ass he got instead of settling for one of his plain daughters. I think that Talisa's unattractiveness in my eyes has more to do with the completely bland and charmless personality due to poor acting rather than the actual looks of the actress.I respectfully disagree, I believe Oona is an exceptionally beautiful woman, especially in an exotic way.
3757	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	What did I get started? People are really going to argue now about whether Oona is pretty, average, ugly, or not? People here will really argue about anything.. Sigh.
Eta; I never said she was ugly, for those who are saying she's 'oh so beautilfu'. IMO there's just actresses on the show that are much more attractive than her. There's a difference.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 04 June 2013 - 02:38 PM.
3758	wingernut29	2013-06-04	First time poster here, I usually lurk about and enjoy everyone's opinions and comments. I'm a big fan of this site and forum.
The only thing that irked me about this episode, and it's already been brought up several times, is that the mystery of Arya's fate after the RW is not really a mystery.
Thinking back to the when I first read this, I remember being more ticked off about whether or not Arya was dead than the actual RW events, and then the eventual great feeling of realizing she was only knocked out and not killed. I almost feel bad for the non-book readers that they never get to experience that.
That's my only nitpick, that there is no question about Arya's fate, its is made clear that she was just knocked out.
Other than that I loved this espisode and thought they did a great job portraying the RW.
3759	teemo	2013-06-04	Even debating her looks is borderline against board rules.  Everyone has different tastes, and Talisa was written as a pretty person regardless of who was cast for the role.  So, yeah.  Let's try not to do that or the mods will step in /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Thanks to here, the more I rewatch the Jorah/Grey Worm/Barristan fight the more I notice that damn twirling spear.  How goofy.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 03:14 PM.
3760	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Even debating her looks is borderline against board rules.  Everyone has different tastes, and Talisa was written as a pretty person regardless of who was cast for the role.  So, yeah.  Let's try not to do that or the mods will step in /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well I don't think how she's written matters if she isn't actually that. In my prospective anyway. But yes I'd rather this topic just be dead. Talisa is gone and her horrible story line, so for that I'm glad.I think I'll stick mostly to reading and not posting to much on these forums. You say one thing that's your opinion and people jump down your throat over stuff that's really not important lol. I think I'll pass on that headache from now on.
3761	Lux in Tenebris	2013-06-04	(-)
I really would have liked to see Grey Wind unleashed -- a few more moments of Stark badassery were sorely needed.
I wish they made it seemed like Arya was killed (the Hound swinging an axe at the back of her head) -- because that aspect really complimented the events of the RW well.
I really wish we could have had a few more Stark bannermen there defending Robb. Even if they were unnamed, no one coming to his aid seemed weak.
(+)
Dislike Talisa, but I thought her stabbing added a level of gruesomeness that wouldn't have been there without Manderly, Smalljon & Daisy getting killed. It also was the first "oh shit! moment" at least where my roomates had realized that the shit had hit the fan.
Liked the use of Frey's wife instead of the fool, it works with his attitude towards women/his wives and made more sense as a fair trade off for Caetlyn. Also it required no explaining.
Didn't mind the not clawing of the face, that blank look of it all going to hell and Cat giving up got the point across perfectly
3762	Lux in Tenebris	2013-06-04	Even debating her looks is borderline against board rules.  Everyone has different tastes, and Talisa was written as a pretty person regardless of who was cast for the role.  So, yeah.  Let's try not to do that or the mods will step in /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thanks to here, the more I rewatch the Jorah/Grey Worm/Barristan fight the more I notice that damn twirling spear.  How goofy.totally goes against everything the unsullied stand for, when you think about it.
3763	Ser Iscariot Oathbreaker	2013-06-04	To all you knocking on the throats being cut, Have you ever watched the videos of the mexican drug cartels slitting their captives throats?thats exactly what it looks like. Is realism comical?
3764	teemo	2013-06-04	The throat-slitting CGI was just pretty bad to me.  I usually have to turn away from wrist/throat-slitting scenes and I watched this one over a dozen times without any issue at all.  And unfortunately, I have seen videos of people's throats being slit.
3765	Red Knight	2013-06-04	i missed catelyn clawing her face and screaming "not my hair, ned loves my hair"
also i wish we had samlljon punching some frey with the mutton as it happened in the books, that was legendary
3766	Red Knight	2013-06-04	but all in all a very good scene (this is a hundredth post for me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)
3767	Bastard Walder	2013-06-04	To all you knocking on the throats being cut, Have you ever watched the videos of the mexican drug cartels slitting their captives throats?thats exactly what it looks like. Is realism comical?Why the hell would I want to watch that
3768	Cadiva	2013-06-04	Not having Greywind do his thing and taking out a few Freys as it was in the book, is perhaps my biggest issue with the episode.I know people keep mentioning this but Grey Wind doesn't take out any Freys at the Red Wedding. He's said to have killed four Frey wolfhounds and bitten off the arm of a Frey guard before being felled by crossbow bolt.Grey Wind kills loads of people at the Battle of the Whispering Woods and at Oxcross, I think a lot of people are getting the events mixed up with his death at the Twins.
3769	Nami	2013-06-04	Like the other poster mentioned its about perception. I don't think she's pretty but I will agree Cersei is much prettier. (That's why I tried to end it in my last post. Since obviously perception isn't something that can be argued lol.) but yeah she'd just average to me. Nothing worth looking at when you compare Dany, Cersei, Roslin, Sansa, Margery etc.Oh, I didn't know talking about the looks is against the rulesI apologize. Ignore this
					
					
							Edited by Nami, 04 June 2013 - 04:52 PM.
3770	Nami	2013-06-04	Another nitpick I have, and perhaps the biggest issue for me: I didn't like the sword fight with Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm. It felt far too choreographic, and the worse bit was Grey Worm spinning his spear around on for no purpose other than to look 'cool'. Wasn't keen on how the guards just swarmed in either as if it was a Bruce Lee film about Ninja's...I agreeThat fight didn't look natural at allEspecially Grey Worm
3771	Arianne Flint	2013-06-04	I was extremely disappointed with the pacing and editing of the entire episode.  This should have been one of the great episodes of the entire series, and it feels like the ball got dropped.
3772	Nami	2013-06-04	The editing was weird
When Robb says "mother" he is looking at her sideways, and when they cut to him again a second later he is facing her completely. We don't even hear the sound of turning with the dead silence
Also some really late reactions from those random Robb followers when the killing was taking place
3773	mafalda	2013-06-04	She's pretty, not gorgeous like Cersei is supposed to beAnd that's how it is in the books with Jeyne WesterlingI know I'm in the minority, but I like Lena's portrayal of Cersei. I think she plays the part right. However, it is obvious that she does not LOOK the part. She certainly is far from ugly, but she isn't the Great Beauty of Westeros for all to behold.If I can get terribly superficial here for a moment, Emilia Clarke is beautiful as Daenerys should be, and Sophie Turner is beautiful as Sansa should be. I vaguely remember anyone else in the books being described as a great beauty.... Very random, I know, but am I the only one who does not find Natalie Dormer oh so very gorgeous? I've read several posts about how hot she is, and again, she is not UNattractive, I just don't find her as attractive as other people do. There is something very off about her mouth.. it's hard to describe, she has this very smarmy, strange smile that she pushes way to the side of her face. I don't know.Beauty is totally in the eye of the beholder.Why the hell would I want to watch thatLmao
3774	gash	2013-06-04	i never liked the actress that played catelyn and thought she made a mess of the red wedding scenes. hopefully she'll be more tolerable as revenge zombie.
3775	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	i never liked the actress that played catelyn and thought she made a mess of the red wedding scenes. hopefully she'll be more tolerable as revenge zombie.So what you're saying is that you dislike good acting? That's your nitpick?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 05:23 PM.
3776	victim	2013-06-04	All I have to say is I missed the drums. Not because I think they were super vital or anything, I just think it was set up perfectly when Jon and Ygritte discussed why Westerosi use drums. It's not devastating (duh, just a small nitpick) but it would have been a nice tie in... and they had the dude from Coldplay, who could have just kept banging on that drum until the very end.
3777	Nami	2013-06-04	I know I'm in the minority, but I like Lena's portrayal of Cersei. I think she plays the part right. However, it is obvious that she does not LOOK the part. She certainly is far from ugly, but she isn't the Great Beauty of Westeros for all to behold.If I can get terribly superficial here for a moment, Emilia Clarke is beautiful as Daenerys should be, and Sophie Turner is beautiful as Sansa should be. I vaguely remember anyone else in the books being described as a great beauty.... Very random, I know, but am I the only one who does not find Natalie Dormer oh so very gorgeous? I've read several posts about how hot she is, and again, she is not UNattractive, I just don't find her as attractive as other people do. There is something very off about her mouth.. it's hard to describe, she has this very smarmy, strange smile that she pushes way to the side of her face. I don't know.Beauty is totally in the eye of the beholder.LmaoI liked Emilia Clarke in the beginning, her looks for Dany I meanidk what happened that she just looks plain now, and Dany is supposed to be absolutely gorgeousIdk if it's her hair color that changed, or she got tanned or it's the lightning lol Something changed thereFirst time she showed up in the series, during that bathtub scene, she really looked close like the Dany I have in mindIt's also said that Dany is slender
3778	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Am I the only one who found Talisa's killing so unbelievably fake? I mean, I know, I know, obviously someone is going to react rather out there and 'over the top' if they're stabbed in the stomach but.. Somehow her death just seemed so silly to me. Which is actually a shame because I thought the acting of her character wasn't so bad in the episode up until that point. When she looked 'dead' and Robb came over to hold her it looked so fake to me. (Her looking dead that is.) even my mom who doesn't watch the show but only saw posts on tumblr said she thought Talisa was alive when she saw a picture.
I almost give her a pass for how the actress choose to react when she was stabbed, since obviously everything at the wedding was going to be a bit 'over the top' but how she looked dead.. I can't let her slide on that one. Even people on law on order look more convincing looking as dead than she did. But at least Madden, and especially Michelle, overpowered that scene anyway. The only reason people remember Talisa now is because of the brutal belly stabbing lol. (Which even I had I hard time watching.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 04 June 2013 - 05:42 PM.
3779	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Oona Chaplin Is Not A Good Actress.
Her performance at the RW finally got me off the fence on that.
3780	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	seriously, how can anyone say michelle fairley isn't a good actress tho, jesus christ - she's spectacular.
3781	mafalda	2013-06-04	I liked Emilia Clarke in the beginning, her looks for Dany I meanidk what happened that she just looks plain now, and Dany is supposed to be absolutely gorgeousIdk if it's her hair color that changed, or she got tanned or it's the lightning lol Something changed thereFirst time she showed up in the series, during that bathtub scene, she really looked close like the Dany I have in mindIt's also said that Dany is slenderSomething has definitely changed, I kept thinking that! I know in the first ep she had contacts in to resemble the Targaryens' eye color. She doesn't wear them anymore, I think I read something about them irritating her eyes. Also, her silver hair was loose and it just looked better that way. She always has it pulled back in the flat braid with the tendrils now.And Dany is slender, but I do prefer Emilia's body type, curvy but FAR from fat.
3782	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Oona Chaplin Is Not A Good Actress.Her performance at the RW finally got me off the fence on that.I agree. I thought she was okay throughout the episode. For once I didn't want to claw my eyes out watching her and Robb. (But her blank exp<b></b>ressions she gives throughout the seasons, like the blank look when Walder was talking about her, that always seriously annoyed me.)But yeah when it got to the killings, her acting just was.. eh. Nothing memorable. The only memorable thing was what happened to her, not how she reacted or anything. And even when Robb held her, that again was more memorable for the actor that plays him, not her.I know people complained that an actress could only do so much which what she's given, but could I at least get a convincing looking dead corpse please? I don't think that's to much to ask lol.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 04 June 2013 - 06:16 PM.
3783	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	seriously, how can anyone say michelle fairley isn't a good actress tho, jesus christ - she's spectacular./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She definitely deserves an Emmy.
3784	David Selig	2013-06-04	seriously, how can anyone say michelle fairley isn't a good actress tho, jesus christ - she's spectacular. Chances are gash is just trolling. Look at his sig.
3785	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I agree. I thought she was okay throughout the episode. For once I didn't want to claw my eyes out watching her and Robb. (But her blank expressions she gives throughout the seasons, like the blank look when Walder was talking about her, that always seriously annoyed me.)But yeah when it got to the killings, her acting just was.. eh. Nothing memorable. The only memorable thing was what happened to her, not how she reacted or anything. And even when Robb held her, that again was more memorable for the actor that plays him, not her.I know people complained that an actress could only do so much which what she's given, but could I at least get a real looking dead corpse please? I don't think that's to much to ask lol.I didn't object to the 'not dead looking' it was the blank staring during the whole episode that finally made me see that she's not a good actress because its the same blank look as you say, that she's had in almost every scene at some point.When you compare Oona's ongoing blankess with the level of emotion Michelle Fairley was able to convey in her purposeful blank look, then you are seeing a woman who can act the hell out of a blank stare and a woman who turns every freaking reaction shot she's ever had into an emotionless blank stare because she cannot convey emotion.
3786	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	I agree. I thought she was okay throughout the episode. For once I didn't want to claw my eyes out watching her and Robb. (But her blank expressions she gives throughout the seasons, like the blank look when Walder was talking about her, that always seriously annoyed me.)But yeah when it got to the killings, her acting just was.. eh. Nothing memorable. The only memorable thing was what happened to her, not how she reacted or anything. And even when Robb held her, that again was more memorable for the actor that plays him, not her.I know people complained that an actress could only do so much which what she's given, but could I at least get a real looking dead corpse please? I don't think that's to much to ask lol.So true. I think her moment with Robb and little Ned was sweet and she was OK in but it was more Richard's performance that provided the emotional intensity. I think Oona's acting is the primarily reason why I never warmed up to her character. She is not terrible just bland, lifeless and very uncharismatic and unmemorable. It's true that she so did not always get the best lines or storyline but neither do some of the others actors and they manage to give their characters some depths and make them interesting.
3787	dni	2013-06-04	Chances are gash is just trolling. Look at his sig.I honestly didn't think she was very good in this episode. Most of the show she's been good to great. Back during Ned's death and when she was brought his remains stand out to me. Maybe it was just the bizarre editing and choices the directors made this episode but I didn't like her acting at all. Didn't feel believable to me. Everyone's acting during the RW was at a low point honestly, Bolton was better early this season. Robb. Cat. Lord Frey.
3788	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	I didn't object to the 'not dead looking' it was the blank staring during the whole episode that finally made me see that she's not a good actress because its the same blank look as you say, that she's had in almost every scene at some point.When you compare Oona's ongoing blankess with the level of emotion Michelle Fairley was able to convey in her purposeful blank look, then you are seeing a woman who can act the hell out of a blank stare and a woman who turns every freaking reaction shot she's ever had into an emotionless blank stare because she cannot convey emotion.I know the not looking dead is more of a nitpick. But it just feels like she can't even pull off dead right and that should be one of the easier things to convey. That along with how to fall right would be one of the first things an actor learns. (Not that I'm saying she didn't 'fall down right'. Or that it is actually one of the first things learned. But that it's kind of like acting class 101 and she couldn't even be convincing looking dead.)But yeah the blank looks have always irritated me and what had me not liking the character/or actress. I think her talking with Robb about the baby was the only time she smiled and it seemed kind of real to me.  I definitely agree Michelle can pull off a blank look with purpose. It seemed so weird all she did was stand there, but at the same time I knew it was like she shut down after loosing everything. When you look at her great acting and her stare, and the look at the blank looks Oona always gives to me it's a no brainer she just isn't a very good actress.
3789	booknerd2	2013-06-04	She soared in most, if I prefer a nuance, I doubt it was her. For example, she was probably directed to pause before her throat was cut, which I think lost its power because it was too long a pause. I bet she did do a take raking her face and going mad, and I am sure they cut it. Could be wrong though. 
Her face after she eyed the mail under the sleeve was priceless!
The whack to the face was perfect. She was so angry and let loose like Cat did in the book.
And she was at her finest when she held the knife to Mrs, Frey and spoke to Walder and and her son and tried to negotiate with Frey and begged Robb to just walk out.
She was magnificent.
3790	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	So true. I think her moment with Robb and little Ned was sweet and she was OK in but it was more Richard's performance that provided the emotional intensity. I think Oona's acting is the primarily reason why I never warmed up to her character. She is not terrible just bland, lifeless and very uncharismatic and unmemorable. It's true that she so did not always get the best lines or storyline but neither do some of the others actors and they manage to give their characters some depths and make them interesting.I pretty much agree with this.I wouldn't say she's 'terrible' per say either. I would definitely say she's bad though. I liked the little Eddard scene even though it was cheesy because, again, I liked the other character, Madden's reaction, than Oona. And I think, like you said, the blandness is what made me never like her. She just always looks so blank and emotionless in almost every scene and that irritates me. As someone who wants to act, and I see good actors in classes/other shows/great actors in this show, and then I see her I'm just like ugh get off the screen! The way she acted as being dead and Robb held her, I'm sorry but that taught me how NOT to act when playing dead lol. Probably mean but eh, I can't help that her acting irritates the heck out of me.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 04 June 2013 - 06:13 PM.
3791	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I just watched the RW bit and I'm most pissed the Grey Wind didn't get to take any motherfuckers down like he does in the books! Screw that, man. He was supposed to go out with a roar, not a whimper. I would have done it differently.
3792	Lady Lea	2013-06-04	I'm not sure I liked everyone being so casual about Bran warging into Hodor. Isn't the human warging someone that they all can do, but don't because it's hideously taboo and violating and all that? I don't care about changes for the better but I thought the Hodor warging stuff was pretty effective as a "whoa Bran buddy you're getting a little weird here" kind of thing.Oh, and this. You are totally right. And it is weird that Jojen said it like Bran was so special for warging a human, like it was a great thing. Osha at least should have had the sense to say that it was fucked up.
3793	Lady Lea	2013-06-04	I didn't object to the 'not dead looking' it was the blank staring during the whole episode that finally made me see that she's not a good actress because its the same blank look as you say, that she's had in almost every scene at some point.When you compare Oona's ongoing blankess with the level of emotion Michelle Fairley was able to convey in her purposeful blank look, then you are seeing a woman who can act the hell out of a blank stare and a woman who turns every freaking reaction shot she's ever had into an emotionless blank stare because she cannot convey emotion.lol apply water to area of BURN
3794	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She definitely deserves an Emmy.Yes.Chances are gash is just trolling. Look at his sig.oh, it was gash, was it? LOLi don't take much of what gash says seriously after dany christ
3795	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Exactly. He is a part of Robb. The poor thing tried to warn him. He was tearing at people,frantic to get to Robb. It was gutwrenching in the book.
But when Robb, to appease the Freys, left out Grey WInd, a bit dramatic, but that got me too. Because the damn wolf was howling, like trying to tell him not to do that and Robb, for the first time, disregarded his  direwolf's "advice." 
It was Grey Wind's you'll have to kill me to keep me from Robb attitude, that was devastating, in the book.
3796	Theda Baratheon	2013-06-04	i didn't like grey wind's death either, come to think of it.
3797	Yukle	2013-06-04	As with many others here, I didn't like that Grey Wind's death was so meek. The direwolves haven't been shown enough. But I also didn't like that Grey Wind bounded cheerily towards the Twins, either, before the wedding. It gave a bigger sense of foreboding when he was really hard to manage and had to be locked up. Within the show, the audience is entitled to ask, "Why the hell did Robb let his direwolf get locked into a tiny box?!" Why not in a yard, somewhere?
Similarly, Grey Wind's death was supposed to be a complete rampage, showing that Robb wins every battle but not the war. Grey Wind kills those who try to kill him but is eventually overwhelmed with betrayal, just as Robb is.
Also, Clegane's "rescue" of Arya is almost comical. He just strolls in and no one says a thing. He is a huge man with a burnt face and a fierce-some reputation. He is meant to sieze Arya and then basically cut two blokes in half who try to murder the pair of them. There's no way people wouldn't bat an eye-lid at a man six and a half feet tall with such distinctive scars.
3798	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Remind me how exactly Grey Wind gets loose in the book exactly? He's chained up, as I recall, but I haven't read that chapter in years because it just brings back bad memories.
But it seems to me if you chained up a known lethal beast it would make sense to just shoot it while it's locked up and avoid doing something stupid like opening the door to shoot him so he can tear you apart first.
3799	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Remind me how exactly Grey Wind gets loose in the book exactly? He's chained up, as I recall, but I haven't read that chapter in years because it just brings back bad memories.But it seems to me if you chained up a known lethal beast it would make sense to just shoot it while it's locked up and avoid doing something stupid like opening the door to shoot him so he can tear you apart first.Jeyne's brother Ryanld untied him before jumping into the river (after being shot with arrows). So he took out hounds and a couple men. But still more than the pathetic caged in way they had him in the show. He should have taken out some people before being killed
3800	gash	2013-06-04	So what you're saying is that you dislike good acting? That's your nitpick?no i'm saying i dislike bad acting. was that not clear?
3801	gash	2013-06-04	the animal fighting scenes looked comically bad. the wolves and the eagle were lol bad in the fight scene.
3802	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	I wouldn't say she's 'terrible' per say either. I would definitely say she's bad though. I liked the little Eddard scene even though it was cheesy because, again, I liked the other character, Madden's reaction, than Oona. And I think, like you said, the blandness is what made me never like her. She just always looks so blank and emotionless in almost every scene and that irritates me. As someone who wants to act, and I see good actors in classes/other shows/great actors in this show, and then I see her I'm just like ugh get off the screen! The way she acted as being dead and Robb held her, I'm sorry but that taught me how NOT to act when playing dead lol. Probably mean but eh, I can't help that her acting irritates the heck out of me.Love your analysis. Made me laugh a lot. Yeah, Talisa is definitely in my list of 5 worst GoT performances. Don't know anything about TV or film industry but don't understand why people blame writers and directors for bad acting performances. I am sure it plays a significant role but GoT writing is pretty solid and it is hard to imagine that the directors are asking for uninspiring bland performances. I think Viserys or Joffrey are great examples of how acting can really elevate a character. They are both very flat and one-dimensional characters and quite difficult to portray because IMO it is easy to slide into a caricature, yet the actors gave make them rich, interesting and likeable (or at least enjoyable to watch). Tywin is another example but Charles Dance is of another league entirely and it is not fair to compare other actors to him. Good luck with the acting. You should definitely pursue it. Especially know that you know how not to look when stabbed in the belly during a wedding. I wonder what you think of Natalie Dormer's performance. I can't really decide on her. Her performance always feels staged to me and I don't know if it is no purpose (i.e. Margaery is always acting in the presence of others) or if Dormer is just naturally overacting.
3803	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Jeyne's brother Ryanld untied him before jumping into the river (after being shot with arrows). So he took out hounds and a couple men. But still more than the pathetic caged in way they had him in the show. He should have taken out some people before being killedOh...They definitely could've had Arya do it then. I guess it was a budget thing?
3804	Underzaker	2013-06-04	well I did not like how Grey wind seemed so small in comparison to Summer and Shaggydog
My other nitpick was Jorah , Greyworm and Daario gong 3 against who-knows-how-many and coming out victorious. 
I mean compare it to Tower of Joy scene and it makes Dayne , Hightower and the other guy really weak.
3805	booknerd2	2013-06-04	Don't remind me.
It looked like Jon Snow was fighting with an eagle stuffed animal...
3806	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Love your analysis. Made me laugh a lot. Yeah, Talisa is definitely in my list of 5 worst GoT performances. Don't know anything about TV or film industry but don't understand why people blame writers and directors for bad acting performances. I am sure it plays a significant role but GoT writing is pretty solid and it is hard to imagine that the directors are asking for uninspiring bland performances. I think Viserys or Joffrey are great examples of how acting can really elevate a character. They are both very flat and one-dimensional characters and quite difficult to portray because IMO it is easy to slide into a caricature, yet the actors gave make them rich, interesting and likeable (or at least enjoyable to watch). Tywin is another example but Charles Dance is of another league entirely and it is not fair to compare other actors to him. Good luck with the acting. You should definitely pursue it. Especially know that you know how not to look when stabbed in the belly during a wedding. I wonder what you think of Natalie Dormer's performance. I can't really decide on her. Her performance always feels staged to me and I don't know if it is no purpose (i.e. Margaery is always acting in the presence of others) or if Dormer is just naturally overacting.Lol I don't know if your being sarcastic or not, but thanks anyway. I just know I'd want to look more realistic if I'm a dead character, no matter if they're stabbed in the stomach or not.I'm not going to pretend to know much about the writing side of the industry but I will say one thing. I'm sure bad writing can have a part to play in how an actor gives a performance, as well as the way the directors direct, but when we have other characters like Sansa and Cat who are shit on all the time and they're still able to give decent/okay performances on screen and then I see Talisa I'm like.. Okay that has to be primarily because if the actress. I know she has some terrible writing but IMO the actress never did anything to make the character likeable. And as you said Joffrey and Viserys were great. Even though I don't like the characters, they're both bat shit crazy, but I like the way the actors portray them and its fun watching them on screen.Hmm Natalie is a tough one for me. I like watching her primarily because I like the actress, but I'm not sure so much if I like the character. It reminds me so much of her character Anne from Tudors. I think maybe part of it might be that she's over acting but at the same time I feel like the way she plays the character is that she's using pretty much everyone which makes me feel like that's why the character comes off feeling staged. Like the scene with her and the children, that definitely felt staged to me but I'm sure the character was pretending to be all kind and sweet rather than Natalie overacting in that scene.
3807	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I'm only familiar w/Natalie from the Tudors, but she didn't overact at all in that, despite being given a ton of super emotional stuff, so I'm inclined to agree that the "stagey" effect is on purpose.  I didn't love her as a casting choice, but she has grown on me significantly.
3808	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Oh...They definitely could've had Arya do it then. I guess it was a budget thing?Probably. I'm guessing it would have looked fake because they wouldn't have the budget to do a badass direwolf killing people scene. Still I was disappointed he didn't kill some people though.
3809	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	My other nitpick was Jorah , Greyworm and Daario gong 3 against who-knows-how-many and coming out victorious.I mean compare it to Tower of Joy scene and it makes Dayne , Hightower and the other guy really weak.Hightower, Dayne, and Whent weren't fighting undisciplined slave soldiers (Think Gold Cloaks but worse and not paid), they fought 7 relatively seasoned men on horeseback after spending God knows how long in the middle of nowhere desert. As unlikely as Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario's victory is from a sheer numbers perspective, it's not exactly the same thing, or really even close. When I saw the scene unfolding I thought to myself...Ok so they're going to fight 20 guys?? Well this will be a comical holywood fight and just sat back and watched the very unrealistic but highly entertaining and artsy fight, so I got to enjoy it. Iain Glenn fighting is awesome!
3810	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	Iain Glenn fighting is awesome! Agreed! That dude is really the only reason to watch the Dany storyline.
3811	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	Agreed! That dude is really the only reason to watch the Dany storyline.Absolutely 100% agreed.
3812	Talbot	2013-06-04	Biggest nitpick is Jorah didn't behead anyone or get a cool kill.
But why do some of you think Greywind killed Freys at the RW? He ripped one arm off and killed a few dogs. His death in the show strikes more chords because it represents the futility of the situation Robb & Co. are in.
Representation of Robb? He's trapped with no way to reciprocate the violence being extracted on him.
3813	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	Hightower, Dayne, and Whent weren't fighting undisciplined slave soldiers (Think Gold Cloaks but worse and not paid), they fought 7 relatively seasoned men on horeseback after spending God knows how long in the middle of nowhere desert. As unlikely as Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario's victory is from a sheer numbers perspective, it's not exactly the same thing, or really even close. When I saw the scene unfolding I thought to myself...Ok so they're going to fight 20 guys?? Well this will be a comical holywood fight and just sat back and watched the very unrealistic but highly entertaining and artsy fight, so I got to enjoy it. Iain Glenn fighting is awesome!and they all died
3814	JuiceTonk	2013-06-04	Oh...They definitely could've had Arya do it then. I guess it was a budget thing?Definitely, the opportunity was right there. Just another reason they should've dedicated the whole episode to the Starks. Could've used some of the money that paid for all that guard armor in Yunkai on a dignified death for Greywind.
3815	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-04	Definitely, the opportunity was right there. Just another reason they should've dedicated the whole episode to the Starks. Could've used some of the money that paid for all that guard armor in Yunkai on a dignified death for Greywind./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3816	teemo	2013-06-04	Does anyone else avoid the "Inside the Episode" segments?  I watched them in season one and then something one of the D's said pissed me off so bad (can't remember what) that I never wanted to watch again /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 08:18 PM.
3817	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Does anyone else avoid the "Inside the Episode" segments?  I watched them in season one and then something one of the D's said pissed me off so bad (can't remember what) that I never wanted to watch again /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />LOL, I watch them religiously, even though they sometimes make me go "WTF" and they have totally convinced me that Dany is ultimately going to roll into Westeros as the savior dragon queen that she thinks she is.
3818	teemo	2013-06-04	LOL, I watch them religiously, even though they sometimes make me go "WTF" and they have totally convinced me that Dany is ultimately going to roll into Westeros as the savior dragon queen that she thinks she is. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> and that's exactly why I'm avoiding them.  So I don't end up breaking my television.  Even though they pretty much did the RW justice (as much as they can for their creative capabilities) that doesn't quite make everything else forgiven.
3819	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	Another nitpick I have, and perhaps the biggest issue for me: I didn't like the sword fight with Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm. It felt far too choreographic, and the worse bit was Grey Worm spinning his spear around on for no purpose other than to look 'cool'. Wasn't keen on how the guards just swarmed in either as if it was a Bruce Lee film about Ninja's...totally goes against everything the unsullied stand for, when you think about it.that's what I'm saying!To all you knocking on the throats being cut, Have you ever watched the videos of the mexican drug cartels slitting their captives throats?thats exactly what it looks like. Is realism comical?Most of the complaints aren't about the cgi. It's about the timing. The "hit-and-run throat cut". Guy enters stage right, cuts throat, exits stage left. That kinda thing. It was awkward. It had the timing of a theatre play.Hightower, Dayne, and Whent weren't fighting undisciplined slave soldiers (Think Gold Cloaks but worse and not paid), they fought 7 relatively seasoned men on horeseback after spending God knows how long in the middle of nowhere desert. As unlikely as Jorah, Grey Worm, and Daario's victory is from a sheer numbers perspective, it's not exactly the same thing, or really even close. When I saw the scene unfolding I thought to myself...Ok so they're going to fight 20 guys?? Well this will be a comical holywood fight and just sat back and watched the very unrealistic but highly entertaining and artsy fight, so I got to enjoy it. Iain Glenn fighting is awesome!Iain Glenn is one of the only actors who looks like he knows what he's doing with a sword.
3820	Lord Flashheart	2013-06-04	Iain Glenn is one of the only actors who looks like he knows what he's doing with a sword.He looked like a boss with that sword.One little nitpick that may have already been mentioned. Tormund says they would rather fight rangers in the field and that the old man may get alot of them out of the castle...so why kill him when letting him go helps your strategy?
3821	Harnisfechten	2013-06-04	He looked like a boss with that sword.One little nitpick that may have already been mentioned. Tormund says they would rather fight rangers in the field and that the old man may get alot of them out of the castle...so why kill him when letting him go helps your strategy?that's because show-Tormund is WAAAAYYYYYY different from book-Tormund. and show-Tormund is an idiot.
3822	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	I just reread the three chapters leading up to and including the Red Wedding--I haven't read them in close to ten years maybe. They were amazing. Dacey Mormont, Smalljon and Greatjon, the Glovers, Jason Manderly--all of these rich side characters who loved and supported their King, who would (and did) die for him. Their loyalty is a huge part of what made the outcome so tragic, their futile struggle to save their King, Umber flipping over tables, Dacey smashing an armed guard in the face while only moments before being described as shy, beautiful when she danced with Robb. It was all so full of pathos, and it resonates, and none of it was overly gory in description. It hit me as much as the last time I read it, and reminded me why I loved Robb's story, his campaign, and much of my care for his character came from those of his bannermen who loved him so much, the loyalty he inspired.
None of this transferred to the screen, not in three seasons, and not on Sunday night. It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least.
3823	TheDarkOne	2013-06-05	I just reread the three chapters leading up to and including the Red Wedding--I haven't read them in close to ten years maybe. They were amazing. Dacey Mormont, Smalljon and Greatjon, the Glovers, Jason Manderly--all of these rich side characters who loved and supported their King, who would (and did) die for him. Their loyalty is a huge part of what made the outcome so tragic, their futile struggle to save their King, Umber flipping over tables, Dacey smashing an armed guard in the face while only moments before being described as shy, beautiful when she danced with Robb. It was all so full of pathos, and it resonates, and none of it was overly gory in description. It hit me as much as the last time I read it, and reminded me why I loved Robb's story, his campaign, and much of my care for his character came from those of his bannermen who loved him so much, the loyalty he inspired.None of this transferred to the screen, not in three seasons, and not on Sunday night. It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least.I have stated for many moons that the reason failures like this have occurred and keep occurring is the lack of time spent and effort made to develop characters. I'm not sure anyone even cared about TV Robb or his death. The gore certainly caused it to be unsettling, but on an emotional level I'm not sure it resonated or had any lasting effect besides the initial shock value.The throat cut to throat cut is border line SNL skit type stuff. It is so awkward and out of place it made absolutely no sense whatsoever. On re watching, it is almost comical.I won't even get into Robb's last words being Mommy. That's just.....regrettable for so many reasons.
3824	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	I have stated for many moons that the reason failures like this have occurred and keep occurring is the lack of time spent and effort made to develop characters. I'm not sure anyone even cared about TV Robb or his death. The gore certainly caused it to be unsettling, but on an emotional level I'm not sure it resonated or had any lasting effect besides the initial shock value.The throat cut to throat cut is border line SNL skit type stuff. It is so awkward and out of place it made absolutely no sense whatsoever. On re watching, it is almost comical.I won't even get into Robb's last words being Mommy. That's just.....regrettable for so many reasons.I agree. But why is it regrettable his last words being mother? I know in the books it was his driewolf, but at least in this episode they showed some semblance of the two repairing their strained relationship even if it was rather to little to late on the writers part. I'd much rather him say mother than say his annoying dead wife's name. (Saying Grey Wind would have been nice though.)
3825	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	I have stated for many moons that the reason failures like this have occurred and keep occurring is the lack of time spent and effort made to develop characters. I'm not sure anyone even cared about TV Robb or his death. The gore certainly caused it to be unsettling, but on an emotional level I'm not sure it resonated or had any lasting effect besides the initial shock value.The throat cut to throat cut is border line SNL skit type stuff. It is so awkward and out of place it made absolutely no sense whatsoever. On re watching, it is almost comical.I won't even get into Robb's last words being Mommy. That's just.....regrettable for so many reasons.I'm not sure whether you're trolling or not, but pretty much everybody and their mother is talking about the Red Wedding on the internet. A compilation video of fan reactions has already reached 2 million views on Youtube in about 2 days, and given the eruption in social media following the episode, it's pretty damn clear that people did care about Robb's death.As for Robb's last words being mother, well this is a change that only enhanced the tragedy IMO. The whole tragedy of the scene is Cat seeing what she thinks to be her last child being murdered in front of her. In the context of the show, Robb has been giving his mother the cold shoulder a lot this season, and only asked for her approval in episode 9. It seemed like his last words were almost a plea from help - it illustrated that he may be a king, but he was still a boy that needed his mother for support. And given the situation he was in, that doesn't make him look like a wuss at all.I'm no parent, but for Catelyn to see her last son, who had been trying to live without her support, come and essentially plead for reassurance or support, only to be killed right in front of her- well, that is nothing short of devastating. Catelyn is still a mother, and I'd like to think, that in that moment, she still saw him as a small boy who needed his mother for love and support. And for that moment to be ripped apart by witnessing Roose stabbing Robb, well, that just makes the whole Red Wedding that much sadder IMO.I think Robb's last words are supposed to make us pity Catelyn more than Robb, and it largely succeeded, if you ask me. Besides, Robb's connection with Grey Wind has been largely ignored in the show, so for his last words to be "mother" is far more effective in the context of the show.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 June 2013 - 01:04 AM.
3826	tws1978	2013-06-05	Wouldn't bother me at all if Stoneheart was missed out.The whole reason why Aria spends time with BwB and witnesses the ressurrection is for GRRM to introduce the concept so we as readers already know it can be done and accept it when we later met ressurected Cat. D&D kept Beric and the ressurection on the show so Im sure they will keep Stoneheart as well.It doesnt mean the actress has to be used at all in season 4. All they have to do is show a glimpse of nuCat in this week finale, make clear she was ressurected and she is using the brotherhood to go after Freys and then just have various characters mention the sighting of a mysterious woman and how the Freys seems to be disappear everywhere. The audience will connect the dots easily. MF can only come back as the special quest star somewhere in season 5 for her key scene with Brienne and Jamie.D&D made a point of taking Gendry away from brotherhood because they liked the actor and wanted to use him more so I think that means this is it for the brotherhood and its onscreen presence and they have no intention to follow them in season 4 or later.
3827	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	None of this transferred to the screen, not in three seasons, and not on Sunday night. It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least.I thought Robb's storyline was handled superbly in season 1. The show gained a lot by making him a PoV character and it really felt like he had a loyal army surrounding him.This season it's "Karstark appears out of nowhere. Karstark dies" "tent meeting. Catelyn does not speak" "another tent meeting. Blackfish says something thug-ish" over and over. There was absolutely no buildup.Why do you think they added the whole pregnancy thing? It's cheap emotional manipulation.Then they had to go and overkill with calling the baby Ned and having Talisa repeatedly stabbed in the stomach.Was the scene shocking and unexpected? Sure. But it was also gross and completely devoid of emotion, for me, because it was painfully clear that they were going for shock value alone.I'm still having a hard time believing that D&D supposedly wanted to make the show just so they could film the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 05 June 2013 - 03:44 AM.
3828	Cadiva	2013-06-05	Biggest nitpick is Jorah didn't behead anyone or get a cool kill.But why do some of you think Greywind killed Freys at the RW? He ripped one arm off and killed a few dogs. His death in the show strikes more chords because it represents the futility of the situation Robb & Co. are in.Representation of Robb? He's trapped with no way to reciprocate the violence being extracted on him.I've mentioned that before, I wonder if people are mixing up Grey Wolf's efforts during the Battles of Whispering Woods and Oxcross, where he is referred to as having killed lots of men. At The Twins he kills four Frey wolfhounds and bites the arm off one person.
3829	moey reed	2013-06-05	the red weddin seemed too rushed and wasn't dramatic enough imo..i would've loved to get to see the face clawing and mad cat..i must say that i found bran's and rickon's goodbyes a lot more heartwrenching to watch then the wedding
3830	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	Does anyone else avoid the "Inside the Episode" segments?  I watched them in season one and then something one of the D's said pissed me off so bad (can't remember what) that I never wanted to watch again /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Weiss lost me when he said Stannis would make a terrible king. And I'm worried that they're going to make Dany the uber-badass flawless dragon princess while glossing over her inability to rule in Meereen. Although, they do need to keep her as likable as possible, because if the show follows the books closely in seasons 5 and 6, I guarantee many people would have given up on Daenerys.
3831	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	I thought Robb's storyline was handled superbly in season 1. The show gained a lot by making him a PoV character and it really felt like he had a loyal army surrounding him.This season it's "Karstark appears out of nowhere. Karstark dies" "tent meeting. Catelyn does not speak" "another tent meeting. Blackfish says something thug-ish" over and over. There was absolutely no buildup.Why do you think they added the whole pregnancy thing? It's cheap emotional manipulation.Then they had to go and overkill with calling the baby Ned and having Talisa repeatedly stabbed in the stomach.Was the scene shocking and unexpected? Sure. But it was also gross and completely devoid of emotion, for me, because it was painfully clear that they were going for shock value alone.I'm still having a hard time believing that D&D supposedly wanted to make the show just so they could film the RW.Exactly.  The Robb Stark who so poignantly "called the banners" in Season 1, who won the loyalty of his bannermen by being the badass young wolf....he disappeared in Season 3 and become the lovestruck husband where the whole storyline about Northern loyalty, bannermen, war fell away and was reduced to 4 people rattling around Riverrun talking to each other and Robb and Talisa in luvs.The entire arc in Season 3 should have been filled with foreboding, we should have seen the Freys leave, we should have seen more army, we should have had a handful of bannermen, as I've said 1000000 times, who would be a core of characters around Robb so when the RW came the viewer would be vested in them and feel their deaths, we might even have had a scene with Cat and Talisa where Talisa acwknowledges the price Robb payed to marry her...The RW should have been the bulk of the episode, with much more lead up that this was going to be where Robb again turns the tables on his enemies, more details of what his plan was, more shots of the army, and so on.As I've said, they did a good job for what they chose to make it, the death of Cat, Robb and his wife, the Romeo and Juliet of Westeros.
3832	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	Weiss lost me when he said Stannis would make a terrible king. And I'm worried that they're going to make Dany the uber-badass flawless dragon princess while glossing over her inability to rule in Meereen. Although, they do need to keep her as likable as possible, because if the show follows the books closely in seasons 5 and 6, I guarantee many people would have given up on Daenerys.Stop worrying and accept it, LOL, that's what they're going to do, every time they talk about Dany they revert to fanboys, their take on her has convinced me that I am the one who is wrong about the author's intent and that she IS supposed to be perceived as a badass savior and that I am supposed to brush aside the morally questionable things she's done as necessary and part of her 'learning curve'...I'm not supposed to think she's an incompetant ruler who veers from extreme to extreme in her decision making [like I do].
3833	lunadangelo	2013-06-05	The "hit-and-run throat cut". Guy enters stage right, cuts throat, exits stage left. That kinda thing. It was awkward. It had the timing of a theatre play. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> It was so terrible, like ninja style killing, absolutely unconvincing. That and Cat going catatonic. IMO, it would have been much more convincing if she had fallen on to her knees still screaming and howling, may be even crawling over to her son and or pulling on her hair and banging her head on the floor  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3834	ladyinblack	2013-06-05	I just reread the three chapters leading up to and including the Red Wedding--I haven't read them in close to ten years maybe. They were amazing. Dacey Mormont, Smalljon and Greatjon, the Glovers, Jason Manderly--all of these rich side characters who loved and supported their King, who would (and did) die for him. Their loyalty is a huge part of what made the outcome so tragic, their futile struggle to save their King, Umber flipping over tables, Dacey smashing an armed guard in the face while only moments before being described as shy, beautiful when she danced with Robb. It was all so full of pathos, and it resonates, and none of it was overly gory in description. It hit me as much as the last time I read it, and reminded me why I loved Robb's story, his campaign, and much of my care for his character came from those of his bannermen who loved him so much, the loyalty he inspired.None of this transferred to the screen, not in three seasons, and not on Sunday night. It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />and all those loyal Northmen are massacred by men that they fought with side by side----ultimate betrayal
3835	ladyinblack	2013-06-05	seriously, how can anyone say michelle fairley isn't a good actress tho, jesus christ - she's spectacular.Absolutely agree
3836	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	Another nit pick, and I admit this comes out of my well known hatred of the Talisa storyline...but, you are Robb Stark, you've been stabbed, men dying all around you, and what do you do?  Call out to your best still alive bannerman?  Draw your sword and prepare to go down fighting?  Address Lord Frey while still alive to see if you can talk your way out of it, as your mother does?
Or, ignore escape, ignore even killing some of your murderers and crawl over and cry over your dead wife for the last few precious minutes you have.  Of course this is what Show Robb would do, since he cared  more about his wife than anything else.
3837	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	Another nit pick, and I admit this comes out of my well known hatred of the Talisa storyline...but, you are Robb Stark, you've been stabbed, men dying all around you, and what do you do?  Call out to your best still alive bannerman?  Draw your sword and prepare to go down fighting?  Address Lord Frey while still alive to see if you can talk your way out of it, as your mother does?Or, ignore escape, ignore even killing some of your murderers and crawl over and cry over your dead wife for the last few precious minutes you have.  Of course this is what Show Robb would do, since he cared  more about his wife than anything else.None of his men were armed and he had been shot with multiple bolts. His wife and all his men were being killed as he struggled to move or stand up, and closest to him lay his dead wife and dead unborn child. Do you really think Robb Stark would try to escape while his mother had 20 crossbows pointed at her and his wife and men lay dead on the floor? This isn't even a nitpick this is just being ridiculous.
3838	ladyinblack	2013-06-05	I wish they would have mentioned on the show or depicted Greywinds bond with Robb---the battle of the Golden Tooth, Whispering Woods and Greywinds' warning Robb of danger  Together man and wolf were a hell of a team...In the book, Catelyn sees it. She knows the direwolfs were meant to keep the Stark children safe
R.I.P. Greywind
3839	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	None of his men were armed and he had been shot with multiple bolts. His wife and all his men were being killed as he struggled to move or stand up, and closest to him lay his dead wife and dead unborn child. Do you really think Robb Stark would try to escape while his mother had 20 crossbows pointed at her and his wife and men lay dead on the floor? This isn't even a nitpick this is just being ridiculous.I think he would do something other than cradle his dead wife in his arms-- and if I remember the scene correctly he crawls over to her--like try to get someone's sword or fight them or try to get to his mother or address Walder Frey instead of giving up, I thought it was one of the more smarmy touches but played into how the show wanted to portray the RW, the focus on the relationship aspect.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 05 June 2013 - 08:36 AM.
3840	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-05	I liked Emilia Clarke in the beginning, her looks for Dany I meanidk what happened that she just looks plain now, and Dany is supposed to be absolutely gorgeousIdk if it's her hair color that changed, or she got tanned or it's the lightning lol Something changed thereFirst time she showed up in the series, during that bathtub scene, she really looked close like the Dany I have in mindIt's also said that Dany is slenderI think her eyebrows are thicker and darker now.
3841	The_Lone_Direwolf	2013-06-05	I wish they would have mentioned on the show or depicted Greywinds bond with Robb---the battle of the Golden Tooth, Whispering Woods and Greywinds' warning Robb of danger  Together man and wolf were a hell of a team...In the book, Catelyn sees it. She knows the direwolfs were meant to keep the Stark children safeR.I.P. GreywindI thought afterwards, and this will be a little controversial because it isn't in the books but it would have been great that in their dying states Robb and Greywind made a real connection. As dying Greywind was starring at Arya it cuts to Robb inside and he says to himself "Arya" but kinda not understand why. That would have been pretty powerful and related directly to what Jojen says to Bran earlier in the ep that warging "is in his blood"...
3842	ServantOnIce	2013-06-05	I just reread the three chapters leading up to and including the Red Wedding--I haven't read them in close to ten years maybe. They were amazing. Dacey Mormont, Smalljon and Greatjon, the Glovers, Jason Manderly--all of these rich side characters who loved and supported their King, who would (and did) die for him. Their loyalty is a huge part of what made the outcome so tragic, their futile struggle to save their King, Umber flipping over tables, Dacey smashing an armed guard in the face while only moments before being described as shy, beautiful when she danced with Robb. It was all so full of pathos, and it resonates, and none of it was overly gory in description. It hit me as much as the last time I read it, and reminded me why I loved Robb's story, his campaign, and much of my care for his character came from those of his bannermen who loved him so much, the loyalty he inspired.None of this transferred to the screen, not in three seasons, and not on Sunday night. It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least.Part of me strongly agrees with this and felt empty after the scene. Other parts of me calmed down and realize for what they have done for the show and what they (Dave and Dan) done with the adaptation overall that it was perfectly executed for TV.I have this conflict but have surrendered in favor of Dave and Dan.
3843	JuiceTonk	2013-06-05	Here's a new nitpick!The Freys who slit the throats of the Starks in the yard that Arya sees: They say "Gettin' ready to go home to Winterfell, eh?" Followed by the Stark men laughing and agreeing cheerfully like they can't wait to go back to their homes. For all they know, their families have been killed or turned into thralls by the Ironborn, and their houses may not even be left standing. I'd expect a reaction of somber silence, or if they're gonna drunkenly yell something, more along the lines of "Yeah we're gonna fuck those ironborn for what they did!" Super tiny nitpick, but I figured this is the place to make it!
3844	morgan1028	2013-06-05	Here's a new nitpick!The Freys who slit the throats of the Starks in the yard that Arya sees: They say "Gettin' ready to go home to Winterfell, eh?" Followed by the Stark men laughing and agreeing cheerfully like they can't wait to go back to their homes.For all they know, their families have been killed or turned into thralls by the Ironborn, and their houses may not even be left standing. I'd expect a reaction of somber silence, or if they're gonna drunkenly yell something, more along the lines of "Yeah we're gonna fuck those ironborn for what they did!" Super tiny nitpick, but I figured this is the place to make it!  I noticed that too.  Wasn't the plan to take Casterly Rock?  Doesn't matter now, I guess
3845	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	What are these "direwolves" everyone keeps referring to?
3846	Dragonstoned	2013-06-05	Here's a new nitpick!The Freys who slit the throats of the Starks in the yard that Arya sees: They say "Gettin' ready to go home to Winterfell, eh?" Followed by the Stark men laughing and agreeing cheerfully like they can't wait to go back to their homes.For all they know, their families have been killed or turned into thralls by the Ironborn, and their houses may not even be left standing. I'd expect a reaction of somber silence, or if they're gonna drunkenly yell something, more along the lines of "Yeah we're gonna fuck those ironborn for what they did!" Super tiny nitpick, but I figured this is the place to make it!Heh, good spot.
3847	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	It was an utter waste of what could have been one of the most tragic moments in television history, but we were deprived of it due to the lack of vision of the creators of this show. So awful how it turned out, I have been in shock for the past two days--at just how bad this all turned out. I am so disappointed, but at the same time, I am glad I could go back and read those chapters and be returned right into those moments--the show didn't ruin that for me at least.The reason you found the RW to be so crushing was that Robb's loyal bannermen were slew?  Really?Their demise was a blip on the radar for me. Cat's death, Robb's death and Arya being so close, but so far (in that order). That's what I found most heart-wrenching, and I don't think I'm in the minority.You're entitled to your opinion but, in mine, this is a gross overreaction, and an overly harsh criticism of a scene near-universally viewed as crushing ...shocking ...disturbing.  This is based on every friend and family member I spoke to afterward -- and every reviewer (minus Elio) -- who were invariably floored by the RW.TBH, I can even get being "lukewarm" on the way it was done (I suppose), but to say "awful" and an "utter waste" seems a bit much.
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 05 June 2013 - 12:30 PM.
3848	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	I think he would do something other than cradle his dead wife in his arms-- and if I remember the scene correctly he crawls over to her--like try to get someone's sword or fight them or try to get to his mother or address Walder Frey instead of giving up, I thought it was one of the more smarmy touches but played into how the show wanted to portray the RW, the focus on the relationship aspect.Did he fight back in the books? I can't remember, I just remember how Cat and the bannermen were doing things. I agree though it would have been nice to see him fight and not completely give up. Catelyn lost her husband, and all his siblings which is more than him just loosing an idiot (I don't know where Winterfell is) wife and unborn child. He should have tried to fight, or just do something other than basically have given up.
3849	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	The reason you found the RW to be so crushing was that Robb's loyal bannermen were slew?  Really?Their demise was a blip on the radar for me. Cat's death, Robb's death and Arya being so close, but so far (in that order). That's what I found most heart-wrenching, and I don't think I'm in the minority.You're entitled to your opinion but, in mine, this is a gross overreaction, and an overly harsh criticism of a scene near-universally viewed as crushing ...shocking ...disturbing.  This is based on every friend and family member I spoke to afterward -- and every reviewer (minus Elio) -- who were invariably floored by the RW.TBH, I can even get being "lukewarm" on the way it was done (I suppose), but to say "awful" and an "utter waste" seems a bit much.Well, your opinion is wrong.And look closer, it's not the bannermen that made it sad, it is absolutely Robb losing everything, but the bannermen and their loyalty are a character device Martin used to make us care more for Robb's failure. Their loyalty inspires our loyalty. But I think I already explained it in my last post. Pathos. Without love between characters, without loyalty, how are we supposed to feel it.It was awful on screen. Horribly over violent, intended to shock with gore and violence, when that isn't the point.
3850	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	Did he fight back in the books? I can't remember, I just remember how Cat and the bannermen were doing things. I agree though it would have been nice to see him fight and not completely give up. Catelyn lost her husband, and all his siblings which is more than him just loosing an idiot (I don't know where Winterfell is) wife and unborn child. He should have tried to fight, or just do something other than basically have given up.He went down fairly quick--the first one hit in the attack with a bolt, and spent most of it under a table protected by Smalljon (until his head was lopped off). He did get up at the end, but the fight was over and he was filled with bolts, and everyone but he and his mother were dead. Their weapons were on the wall as well. He seemed crushed by the weight of it all, unable to move, which I think the show tried to recreate.
3851	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	He went down fairly quick--the first one hit in the attack with a bolt, and spent most of it under a table protected by Smalljon (until his head was lopped off). He did get up at the end, but the fight was over and he was filled with bolts, and everyone but he and his mother were dead. Their weapons were on the wall as well. He seemed crushed by the weight of it all, unable to move, which I think the show tried to recreate.Ah okay. I kind of remember. He basically couldn't move much physically I'm guessing? To be honest in the show it didn't come off that way. There was no wounds on his body that was clearly visible except how he appeared wounded going over to his wife, though I'm sure arrows hit him how come they didn't have one still sticking from him? It seemed like he just emotionally gave up in the show and didn't try to do anything. Not fight in any sort of way, not even try to talk to Walder Frey like Cat did. I know he didn't in the books because Cat was pleading and all that, but it just came off to me like he didn't try to d anything show wise, which looks a little odd since in the books it showed how horrible the situation was. In the show the situation was obviously horrible as well, but it was like he just let it happen and clearly didn't care whereas in the books he couldn't do anything and had no time to do anything. Show Robb, as much as I like the actor who plays him, just comes off oblivious/uncaring/doesn't do anything/etc.I would have at least liked if he finally acknowledged what he did was wrong. I know he apologized earlier, but we all know from previous episodes he didn't give a damn about the Freys. Maybe if he had finally shown that he knows what he did was wrong, and even tried to talk to Walder Frey that might have been better. I know it would have been a change but for me it could have helped make up a little the butchering of his arc and the things they left out of the RW.
3852	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	Well, your opinion is wrong.And look closer, it's not the bannermen that made it sad, it is absolutely Robb losing everything, but the bannermen and their loyalty are a character device Martin used to make us care more for Robb's failure. Their loyalty inspires our loyalty. But I think I already explained it in my last post. Pathos. Without love between characters, without loyalty, how are we supposed to feel it.It was awful on screen. Horribly over violent, intended to shock with gore and violence, when that isn't the point.If losing his cause (avenging his beloved father's death), his wife and unborn son, and his own life isn't considered "losing everything," then I don't know what is.  Like I said, you have every right to opine that the scene didn't live up to your expectations, but I think you're being overly critical. Oh, and my "opinion can't be wrong, ser ... that's what makes it an opinion.  
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 05 June 2013 - 03:18 PM.
3853	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	If losing his cause (avenging his beloved father's death), his wife, and his unborn son isn't enough for you, then nothing short of a word for word adaptation of the entire scene would suffice for your like. *** You may want to look up the definition of opinion when you get a chance ***I don't think it was necessarily a horrible adaptation, but I think the stuff they left out would have had a much bigger impact. Like the missing northern bannermen. I know I probably would have cried more if they had some loyal bannermen though out the seasons with Robb and then they're all trying so hard to save him only to be chopped down. It got the shock and horror, but I don't feel it captured the love the northerners have for the Starks and how completely loyal most of the bannermen are. It was still pretty decent, especially by tv standards, but I think little things added like a few bannermen would have knocked it out of the park.
3854	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	I don't think it was necessarily a horrible adaptation, but I think the stuff they left out would have had a much bigger impact. Like the missing northern bannermen. I know I probably would have cried more if they had some loyal bannermen though out the seasons with Robb and then they're all trying so hard to save him only to be chopped down. It got the shock and horror, but I don't feel it captured the love the northerners have for the Starks and how completely loyal most of the bannermen are. It was still pretty decent, especially by tv standards, but I think little things added like a few bannermen would have knocked it out of the park.The point is you did cry...even without the inclusion of Robb's bannermen.  I too would've liked to see the Glovers, Mallisters, Umbers, etc. I'm merely refuting the notion that their omission negated the intended dramatic effect altogether.  Knowing what to expect, and having read the RW chapter several times, it was still a punch in my gut.  And most seem to share those same sentiments.
3855	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	I don't think it was necessarily a horrible adaptation, but I think the stuff they left out would have had a much bigger impact. Like the missing northern bannermen. I know I probably would have cried more if they had some loyal bannermen though out the seasons with Robb and then they're all trying so hard to save him only to be chopped down. It got the shock and horror, but I don't feel it captured the love the northerners have for the Starks and how completely loyal most of the bannermen are. It was still pretty decent, especially by tv standards, but I think little things added like a few bannermen would have knocked it out of the park.Exactly.This is part of the Stark charm, for lack of a better word, they inspire loyalty, people are willing to die to defend them, to go out of their way to save their daughters, put it all on the line to find their sons...this is what makes the tragedy so EPIC in its scope and what made the Red Wedding so devasting, because you saw all that loyalty play out and still result in death.The TV version, while yes, shocking and surprising, was really about Robb and Talisa and Cat, and thats it, because there was not a SINGLE recognizable Northerner who died with them, not one.I admitted it was a nit pick about Robb crawling toward his dead wife instead of trying to find a sword, but its soooo representative of D&Ds vision of the Red Wedding and what they did [butchery, yes I am using that word on purpose] with Robb's story.  But, I still think it was dumb, however, it was totally in character for Show Robb, who had his "where is Winterfell again" wife sitting in on his war councils and who was more concerned with her butt than with the loss of 4000 Frey soldiers that it caused.Rant over.
3856	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	The point is you did cry...even without the inclusion of Robb's bannermen.  I too would've liked to see the Glovers, Mallisters, Umbers, etc. I'm merely refuting the notion that their omission negated the intended dramatic effect altogether.  Knowing what to expect, and having read the RW chapter several times, it was still a punch in my gut.  And most seem to share those same sentiments.Oh but I do have to admit my crying started because of Grey Wind whimpering right before the Rains of Castamere started. Because I started thinking about him dead, and boom the tears were flowing. I honestly don't think I would have cried by much else, certainly not Talisa's death. (Since I hate her so much. But the belly stabbing was horrible.) I might have still during Cat's speech but Robb just stood there looking stupid since he didn't try to do anything, whereas in the books he was much to wounded to. (In the show it didn't come off that way since he could have at the very least tried to speak to Walder Frey.)I'm not saying them not being there made people care less, since show watches wouldn't even know them (thanks to the lack of good story building on the writers part.) My thing is that now the show watchers think the Starks are done. While it comes off that way in the books, we're shown how loyal the north is, and still will be. How many people do you honestly think are going to be thinking 'damn the northerners are going to be out for retribution!' I doubt very many since it comes off everyone betrayed Robb. Karstark and Bolton are the only ones shown for two seasons and they're the ones who committed treason.Obviously it was still good and the big dramatic actions they took caused people to shout and scream and cry, and many threatening to quit watching if Joffrey doesn't die next episode. (Which I believe some might even if most are just blowing fumes in the heat of the moment.) Who knows maybe they'll show next season some more northern bannermen somehow to try and start making up for the lack of them, but I think it was a bad choice to leave them out since it would have made it more dramatic and taken the show RW to a whole new level. Whatever happens next week at The Twins isn't going to mean very much, IMO, since the northerners there will be extras and the only ones anyone will recognize are Blackfish and Edmure. But yeah it still got the affect D&D wanted to get from show only viewers, I just think they dropped the ball a bit when they could have in fact made it even more heartbreaking and dramatic by including the bannermen, showing Grey Wind untied and fighting but being to overwhelmed, and just little things like that. I mean honestly I don't think it would break the bank to have like two or three extra actors to play an Umber, Glover, and a Mormont that we could recognize and see killed. (Ill admit I don't know the buisness side of things, as I'm only looking to act.) but the lack of Grey Wind fighting was less money on cgi effects. But oh well when next season starts I'll come back and complain if they still shaft showing northern bannermen.
3857	Toth	2013-06-05	Well, I read the red wedding chapters a few times more as well as watching the TV scene a few times more. Oddly enough, my judgement about it is not as harsh anymore as it was during the first impression. Of course there were certain pictures and acustic stuff I missed and already mentioned somewhere earlier in this thread. But I think I now got their point. They wanted to focus not only on shock, but also on helplessness. When watching the Red Wedding adaption, nobody really has the opportunity to fight back. Everyone is dying while sitting at the table, inside and outside, even Grey Wind is locked away and has no way to reach his killers. I think they did this for purpose and, as somebody here already had nicely put together, looks like a somewhat unreal symbolic way of killing like in a theatre play. Yeah, I'm now pretty sure that this was their intention. The trap was laid, the victims cought and there was no way of escape except death. Is it realistic? Hell no! Does it work? Probably. Many TV-viewers were stunned by the sudden deaths, but everyone I talked with (and even the people who did read the books) were rather unimpressed by the scene itself. Mere frustration was the defining emotion after the initial shock...
My opinion is that they misjudged how real helpnessless can be tranferred to the screen. All those bearded extras we don't care for were slaughtered like sheep and I doesn't like that metaphor at all. When reading the RW in the book, it isn't about people who loose their will to live instantly when the killing begins. All the descriptions by Catelyn are about people desperately struggling for survival in the face of certain death. Fighting with everything they can get their hands on in a hopeless attempt to take as much of those bastards with them as possible. Real hopelessness is not giving up the fight, as TV Robb did (who stood straight, while book Robb was barely able to breath in the novel), as well as Catelyn in her catatonic stare (She tried to kill Walder Frey for God's sake, TV cat didn't even try to get around that damn table), Grey Wind however few he accomplished, as well as pretty much any of those dumb extras. Real hopelessness is doing everything you can against impossible odds and loose everything. This fits astonishingly well to Robb's overall conquest and the theme of the RW at that final point of his story. And this is what they botched and why it looks so damn ridiculous for so many people...
					
					
							Edited by Toth, 05 June 2013 - 03:48 PM.
3858	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	Exactly.This is part of the Stark charm, for lack of a better word, they inspire loyalty, people are willing to die to defend them, to go out of their way to save their daughters, put it all on the line to find their sons...this is what makes the tragedy so EPIC in its scope and what made the Red Wedding so devasting, because you saw all that loyalty play out and still result in death.The TV version, while yes, shocking and surprising, was really about Robb and Talisa and Cat, and thats it, because there was not a SINGLE recognizable Northerner who died with them, not one.I admitted it was a nit pick about Robb crawling toward his dead wife instead of trying to find a sword, but its soooo representative of D&amp;Ds vision of the Red Wedding and what they did [butchery, yes I am using that word on purpose] with Robb's story.  But, I still think it was dumb, however, it was totally in character for Show Robb, who had his "where is Winterfell again" wife sitting in on his war councils and who was more concerned with her butt than with the loss of 4000 Frey soldiers that it caused.Rant over.Lol I don't mind so much the crawling towards the wife thing. I mean they didn't even let Grey Wind go out fighting like he attempted in the books. Plus this is the same Robb and Talisa who moments before were having playful banter and she keeps him from kissing her, only to then kiss each other after baby talk even though the affection would still be an insult moments after she said not to.. But I agree it's frustrating he didn't attempt anything when he got up and looked towards his mother. Couldn't he have spoken to Lord Frey? It would have been a change but maybe we could have finally saw it hit home for Robb that what he did was wrong, since he didn't seem to show that at all before.But yeah it was more focused on Robb and Talisa which was annoying. I'm just thankful Talisa died first so then we got Cat who was pleading so she was the very last to die and the focus was then more on her and her desperation for Robb to live.
3859	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	Oh but I do have to admit my crying started because of Grey Wind whimpering right before the Rains of Castamere started. Because I started thinking about him dead, and boom the tears were flowing. I honestly don't think I would have cried by much else, certainly not Talisa's death. (Since I hate her so much. But the belly stabbing was horrible.) I might have still during Cat's speech but Robb just stood there looking stupid since he didn't try to do anything, whereas in the books he was much to wounded to. (In the show it didn't come off that way since he could have at the very least tried to speak to Walder Frey.)I'm not saying them not being there made people care less, since show watches wouldn't even know them (thanks to the lack of good story building on the writers part.) My thing is that now the show watchers think the Starks are done. While it comes off that way in the books, we're shown how loyal the north is, and still will be. How many people do you honestly think are going to be thinking 'damn the northerners are going to be out for retribution!' I doubt very many since it comes off everyone betrayed Robb. Karstark and Bolton are the only ones shown for two seasons and they're the ones who committed treason.Obviously it was still good and the big dramatic actions they took caused people to shout and scream and cry, and many threatening to quit watching if Joffrey doesn't die next episode. (Which I believe some might even if most are just blowing fumes in the heat of the moment.) Who knows maybe they'll show next season some more northern bannermen somehow to try and start making up for the lack of them, but I think it was a bad choice to leave them out since it would have made it more dramatic and taken the show RW to a whole new level. Whatever happens next week at The Twins isn't going to mean very much, IMO, since the northerners there will be extras and the only ones anyone will recognize are Blackfish and Edmure.But yeah it still got the affect D&D wanted to get from show only viewers, I just think they dropped the ball a bit when they could have in fact made it even more heartbreaking and dramatic by including the bannermen, showing Grey Wind untied and fighting but being to overwhelmed, and just little things like that. I mean honestly I don't think it would break the bank to have like two or three extra actors to play an Umber, Glover, and a Mormont that we could recognize and see killed. (Ill admit I don't know the buisness side of things, as I'm only looking to act.) but the lack of Grey Wind fighting was less money on cgi effects. But oh well when next season starts I'll come back and complain if they still shaft showing northern bannermen.I pretty much agree with everything you said -- and in no way am I disagreeing that the effect wouldn't have been even greater had Robb's forces been featured prominently.  But D&D are wary of overloading their casual viewers.  They tend to err on the side or "if the character isn't 100% absolutely necessary, then they're cut." Many "show only" friends I know still refer to Roose as "the creepy guy that released the Kingslayer and fucked Robb over."Like it or not, D&D's primary objective is NOT to appease book readers.  They know we'll watch regardless.  In light of that, I personally try not to let the little stuff sway my opinion too heavily, and just focus on the end result.
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 05 June 2013 - 03:50 PM.
3860	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	Well, I read the red wedding chapters a few times more as well as watching the TV scene a few times more. Oddly enough, my judgement about it is not as harsh anymore as it was during the first impression. Of course there were certain pictures and acustic stuff I missed and already mentioned somewhere earlier in this thread. But I think I now got their point. They wanted to focus not only on shock, but also on helplessness. When watching the Red Wedding adaption, nobody really has the opportunity to fight back. Everyone is dying while sitting at the table, inside and outside, even Grey Wind is locked away and has no way to reach his killers. I think they did this for purpose and, as somebody here already had nicely put together, looks like a somewhat unreal symbolic way of killing like in a theatre play. Yeah, I'm now pretty sure that this was their intention. The trap was laid, the victims cought and there was no way of escape except death. Is it realistic? Hell no! Does it work? Probably. Many TV-viewers were stunned by the sudden deaths, but everyone I talked with (and even the people who did read the books) were rather unimpressed by the scene itself. Mere frustration was the defining emotion after the initial shock...My opinion is that they misjudged how real helpnessless can be tranferred to the screen. All those bearded extras we don't care for were slaughtered like sheep and I doesn't like that metaphor at all. When reading the RW in the book, it isn't about people who loose their will to live instantly when the killing begins. All the descriptions by Catelyn are about people desperately struggling for survival in the face of certain death. Fighting with everything they can get their hands on in a hopeless attempt to take as much of those bastards with them as possible. Real hopelessness is not giving up the fight, as TV Robb did (who stood straight, while book Robb was barely able to breath in the novel), as well as Catelyn in her catatonic stare (She tried to kill Walder Frey for God's sake, TV cat didn't even try to get around that damn table), Grey Wind however few he accomplished, as well as pretty much any of those dumb extras. Real hopelessness is doing everything you can against impossible odds and loose everything. This fits astonishingly well to Robb's overall conquest and the theme of the RW at that final point of his story. And this is what they botched and why it looks so damn ridiculous for so many people.../agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It felt like they just all gave up. No northernmen truly trying to fight, Robb just gives up (when he didn't have the option to in the books but here in the show it's very clear he could still attempt something but doesn't). But I did like Michelle's choice of how devastated she was. I can understand her giving up. She lost everything.nher husband, all of her children, she even saw her grandchild die. But I hate she didn't actually kill a Frey. Who gives a crap about the wife? And that she didn't bother to try and kill Walder Frey before giving up either.
3861	Cas Stark	2013-06-05	I pretty much agree with everything you said -- and in no way am I disagreeing that the effect wouldn't have been even greater had Robb's forces been featured prominently.  But D&D are wary of overloading their casual viewers.  They tend to err on the side or "if the character isn't 100% absolutely necessary, then they're cut." Many "show only" friends I know still refer to Roose as "the creepy guy that released the Kingslayer and fucked Robb over."Like it or not, D&D's primary objective is NOT to appease book readers.  They know we'll watch regardless.  In light of that, I personally try not to let the little stuff sway my opinion too heavily, and just focus on the end result.Like Ros you mean?  LOL.I just think that D&D have somewhat lost their way in terms of balancing the story.We've seen innumerable scenes between Tyrion and Shae, all the same, either they're in love or fighting about her status.  The same with LF and Varys, they are ruthless, hate each other and really good plotters.Take away a couple of those scenes and some of the extra whore shots and give that to Robb's story this season and there you have it, it would not have been that difficult.  The same goes w/Roose Bolton and his screen time.Jesus, my mother cannot even remember who Stannis is,  he's seen so infrequently.To me, that is poor choreography of the overall story, or as some have theorized that they simply are not that into the Stark stories except for Arya and thats why the KL stuff gets so much more screen time.
3862	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	I pretty much agree with everything you said -- and in no way am I disagreeing that the effect wouldn't have been even greater had Robb's forces been featured prominently.  But D&amp;D are wary of overloading their casual viewers.  They tend to err on the side or "if the character isn't 100% absolutely necessary, then they're cut." Many "show only" friends I know still refer to Roose as "the creepy guy that released the Kingslayer and fucked Robb over."Like it or not, D&amp;D's primary objective is NOT to appease book readers.  They know we'll watch regardless.  In light of that, I personally try not to let the little stuff sway my opinion too heavily, and just focus on the end result.True. I think my show only cousins still refer to Dany as the dragon queen. I think they could have cut back on the Theon torture though, the pod seasons, or other things to include more important things like the build up of the wedding which I definitely think they dropped the ball as far as that's concerned. I'm almost positive most wouldn't remember the bannermens names, or at least not until maybe next season if they really do start showing them. I think I would have been perfectly content if they would have kept a Great Jon and showed his son at the very least. I'm pretty sure people will remember him from season one because of the finger biting off and the King of the North shouting. He just has a memorable personality lol.Oh I don't know about that. If they screw up to much book readers, or some of them, might quit lol. But if there's people posting that their show only viewers are frustrated by lack of attempt to try and get out of the situation (since no ones really fighting and Robb just gives up) doesn't that show that they at least didn't do as well as they could have? I know even though I'm a book reader I was frustrated by the lack of fighting back against the Freys even if there wasn't much the northerners and Riverlands could do.
3863	Nami	2013-06-05	well I did not like how Grey wind seemed so small in comparison to Summer and ShaggydogMy other nitpick was Jorah , Greyworm and Daario gong 3 against who-knows-how-many and coming out victorious.I mean compare it to Tower of Joy scene and it makes Dayne , Hightower and the other guy really weak.Tbh all direwolves in the series look too small for me
3864	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	To Opinion Man--yes, opinion can be wrong. Look back at yours to see example.Jesus, my mother cannot even remember who Stannis is,  he's seen so infrequently.Yeah my brother doesn't even know who the Mountain is or understand why he should care. It sucks he is being deprived of so much awesomeness.
3865	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	I'm wondering if Unsullied who aren't hardcore viewers really got the "oh shit" moment when RoC started playing? 
I don't think the show has done a very good job at connecting the song itself with the story behind it.
3866	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-05	I'm wondering if Unsullied who aren't hardcore viewers really got the "oh shit" moment when RoC started playing?I don't think the show has done a very good job at connecting the song itself with the story behind it.I've heard them refer to it as "the Lannister song" so I think at least a few of them do have some idea of the association. But yeah, they could have done a better job in Second Sons of establishing what the RoC sounds like.
3867	teemo	2013-06-05	I'm wondering if Unsullied who aren't hardcore viewers really got the "oh shit" moment when RoC started playing?I don't think the show has done a very good job at connecting the song itself with the story behind it.My friend said, "Isn't that a Lannister song?" but it didn't seem to tip her off.  I don't know.  I should ask her.  I was honestly surprised she realized that.  You can actually even see her ask it in my video in my sig, it's the very first thing in the video.Names are a bitch in this show.  So many people here throw are the word "idiot" so loosely - "your friend/anyone who doesn't know the name of such and such is an idiot." I'm not sure that all readers grasp the concept of a "very casual tv viewer."  Yes, they do exist.  It is maybe one of the largest cast shows in television history, so to expect people who tune in one hour a week and don't venture to message boards, social media, etc. to know everyone's name is ridiculous.  My SO actually is a great example of an extremely casual viewer.  He only watches because I do and has minimal interest.  And he knows some names (he was a big Ned and Robert fan, unfortunately, so has lost most interest since season 1) but has zero interest in Cat and Robb's story, to the point after the RW, I said - "Do you even know any of their names?"  "Nope.  I just know it was Ned Stark's son."
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 06:54 PM.
3868	SerMixalot	2013-06-05	The problem with the RW was not the scene itself, it had the proper shock effect.  The problem goes back through this entire season and last season.  People just don't care bout Robb and Talisa the way they SHOULD care about the Stark story.  As many have stated over the past 2 years it is a relief that this story line is over because of the clichAs and poor character development that the storyline held.  It is a pity that Cat wasn't better used as the actress playing her is phenomenal.  D&D traded depth of character for a non sequitor clichAd relationship that was patently annoying.  So the failure wasn't the RW scene, which was fairly well done, it was the 2 seasons of lack of character development, both of Robb and those surrounding him that made the scene so full of meh!
3869	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	The problem with the RW was not the scene itself, it had the proper shock effect.  The problem goes back through this entire season and last season.  People just don't care bout Robb and Talisa the way they SHOULD care about the Stark story.  As many have stated over the past 2 years it is a relief that this story line is over because of the clich&eacute;s and poor character development that the storyline held.  It is a pity that Cat wasn't better used as the actress playing her is phenomenal.  D&amp;D traded depth of character for a non sequitor clich&eacute;d relationship that was patently annoying.  So the failure wasn't the RW scene, which was fairly well done, it was the 2 seasons of lack of character development, both of Robb and those surrounding him that made the scene so full of meh!/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I couldn't care less about Talisa's death. In all honesty I was hoping for it. It was just the way they did it that made me have a yuck reaction. Otherwise I wouldn't have cared at all.At least Michelle is a good actress, she so killed that scene. She's probably the one thing that made the RW scene truly good.
3870	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	My friend said, "Isn't that a Lannister song?" but it didn't seem to tip her off.  I don't know.  I should ask her.  I was honestly surprised she realized that.  You can actually even see her ask it in my video in my sig, it's the very first thing in the video.Names are a bitch in this show.  So many people here throw are the word "idiot" so loosely - "your friend/anyone who doesn't know the name of such and such is an idiot." I'm not sure that all readers grasp the concept of a "very casual tv viewer."  Yes, they do exist.  It is maybe one of the largest cast shows in television history, so to expect people who tune in one hour a week and don't venture to message board.  My SO actually is a great example of an extremely casual viewer.  He only watches because I do and has minimal interest.  And he knows some names (he was a big Ned and Robert fan, unfortunately, so has lost most interest since season 1) but has zero interest in Cat and Robb's story, to the point after the RW, I said - "Do you even know any of their names?"  "Nope.  I just know it was Ned Stark's son."Also, a lot of the characters look exactly the same to casual viewers. My dad is a casual viewer and he's like Thoros looks like Bronn looks like Blackfish looks like Tormund looks like Mance looks like Davos looks like Jaime... of course he doesn't know their name, he just refers to them as Tyrion's scruffy bearded thug friend, That scruffy bearded thug who can resurrect people, that other bearded scruffy thug who likes his women slick as a baby seal...In an effort to make the show look more "gritty" and "realistic", they decided to forgo most of the stuff that makes the characters look distinctive. Their appearances may be over the top in the books, but that's what's fun! It's fantasy! .. It might be dark, somewhat realistic fantasy, but it's still fantasy. Let people have brightly colored armor, let them have blue hair and forked beards, let them have rainbow cloaks ffs.It's weird cause they do a great job at making the female characters look very different from one another. No one would mistake Ygritte for Maergery, or Cersei for Cat (although my dad thought Olenna was Septa Mordane, he was like "wait didn't she die in s1?" which surprised me cause Septa Mordane was barely a character)
					
					
							Edited by Loose seal, 05 June 2013 - 06:45 PM.
3871	teemo	2013-06-05	Also, a lot of the characters look exactly the same to casual viewers. My dad is a casual viewer and he's like Thoros looks like Bronn looks like Blackfish looks like Tormund looks like Mance looks like Davos looks like Jaime... of course he doesn't know their name, he just refers to them as Tyrion's scruffy bearded thug friend, That scruffy bearded thug who can resurrect people, that other bearded scruffy thug who likes his women slick as a baby seal...In an effort to make the show look more "gritty" and "realistic", they decided to forgo most of the stuff that makes the characters look distinctive. Their appearances may be over the top in the books, but that's what's fun! It's fantasy! .. It might be dark, somewhat realistic fantasy, but it's still fantasy. Let people have brightly colored armor, let them have blue hair and forked beards, let them have rainbow cloaks ffs.It's weird cause they do a great job at making the female characters look very different from one another. No one would mistake Ygritte for Maergery, or Cersei for Cat (although my dad thought Olenna was Septa Mordane, he was like "wait didn't she die in s1?" which surprised me cause Septa Mordane was barely a character)lol, Septa Mordane!  wow.  Yeah, sometimes people surprise you.  Like I was quizzing my boyfriend on names and he was failing miserably, but was able to get Loras Tyrell and "Littlefinger: real name Petyr Baelish" o.O  Actually, he did guess Cersei's name as Catelyn once, hah.  Maybe it's just because they both start with C...And I completely agree with you how they should make the men more distinctive looking.  I would probably be utterly lost if I haven't read the books because people in large casts on shows tend to look alike to me.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 06:55 PM.
3872	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	To Opinion Man--yes, opinion can be wrong. Look back at yours to see example.Yeah my brother doesn't even know who the Mountain is or understand why he should care. It sucks he is being deprived of so much awesomeness.Way to not state your case one iota and resort to childish nonsense. You wrote a book? Can I assume it's of the pop-up variety?
3873	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	Like Ros you mean?  LOL.I just think that D&D have somewhat lost their way in terms of balancing the story.We've seen innumerable scenes between Tyrion and Shae, all the same, either they're in love or fighting about her status.  The same with LF and Varys, they are ruthless, hate each other and really good plotters.Take away a couple of those scenes and some of the extra whore shots and give that to Robb's story this season and there you have it, it would not have been that difficult.  The same goes w/Roose Bolton and his screen time.Jesus, my mother cannot even remember who Stannis is,  he's seen so infrequently.To me, that is poor choreography of the overall story, or as some have theorized that they simply are not that into the Stark stories except for Arya and thats why the KL stuff gets so much more screen time.Ya got me there. No way I can defend Ros, nor would I care to.  I've hated her from the second I realized she was going to be a mainstay.  And I see your point about removing some many useless scenes and devoting more time to RObb's bannermen, thus creating more investment leading up to the RW.  My comments in this thread began by suggesting that some guy was making the scene out to be way worse than it really was.  And everyone that's chimed in since has been level-headed and conceded that, while they didn't love it, they at least didn't hate it.  That's all I was ever going for.
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 05 June 2013 - 07:03 PM.
3874	LilJonUmber	2013-06-05	True. I think my show only cousins still refer to Dany as the dragon queen. I think they could have cut back on the Theon torture though, the pod seasons, or other things to include more important things like the build up of the wedding which I definitely think they dropped the ball as far as that's concerned. I'm almost positive most wouldn't remember the bannermens names, or at least not until maybe next season if they really do start showing them. I think I would have been perfectly content if they would have kept a Great Jon and showed his son at the very least. I'm pretty sure people will remember him from season one because of the finger biting off and the King of the North shouting. He just has a memorable personality lol.Oh I don't know about that. If they screw up to much book readers, or some of them, might quit lol. But if there's people posting that their show only viewers are frustrated by lack of attempt to try and get out of the situation (since no ones really fighting and Robb just gives up) doesn't that show that they at least didn't do as well as they could have? I know even though I'm a book reader I was frustrated by the lack of fighting back against the Freys even if there wasn't much the northerners and Riverlands could do.Yep, same.  Most I know say they can't wait for "the dragon girl to fuck shit up!" Or they call her "Khaleesi," unable to recall her actual name. It's tough adapting so much source material, so I guess I'm guilty of giving D&D a longer leash than some.  I'm in no way an apologist; I just think they catch too much flack at times. In the end, the only way we'd know how badly they're screwing up is if we had a comparison. Since we never will, I just keep it in the back of my mind that GRRM believes these are the best guys for the job (...though I'm sure he doesn't agree with every decision).
3875	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	Yep, same.  Most I know say they can't wait for "the dragon girl to fuck shit up!" Or they call her "Khaleesi," unable to recall her actual name. It's tough adapting so much source material, so I guess I'm guilty of giving D&amp;D a longer leash than some.  I'm in no way an apologist; I just think they catch too much flack at times. In the end, the only way we'd know how badly they're screwing up is if we had a comparison. Since we never will, I just keep it in the back of my mind that GRRM believes these are the best guys for the job (...though I'm sure he doesn't agree with every decision).I agree with you on that. There will likely never be a comparison so really all that can be done is try and enjoy what the show is. It's just such a shame when you know little things could have made a scene even greater but they didn't do the,. Or they add random stupid Ros things just to keep on showing how despicable Joffrey is when we already know. Or like keep on showing like ten minute Theon torture scenes. I'm definitely no pursuitist, I do like some changes. (Like I understand condensing the Tyrell sons into just Loras even if it is a bit annoying) or things like Tywin and Cersei's scene about Margaery lol and Tywin and Arya, but then there's just some changes I can not get myself to comprehend or even remotely like. (Like Talisa. God I've never hated a made up character as much as I hate her. And normally I don't care if they change a character from a book, like changing hair color/etc. but her, she's so badly written its pathetic.)But yeah I try to hope that Martin besically trusts D&D, but I still can't help and question certain changes. I just try to basically enjoy each separately and not sweat to many of the changes unless its something I seriously don't understand or don't think was a very good change/very well written. All I'm gonna do is hope they don't completely go off course of whatever ending Martin has in mind lol.
3876	Roose Seal	2013-06-05	^Same here, I really don't mind small changes, but D&D have shown time and time again that they are not good at making stuff up. Ros? Talisa? The whole WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS mess?I really don't understand how their main ambition when making this show was to film the Red Wedding and they completely botched up everything that led to it by turning the Robb storyline into a sappy love story and forgoing all the buildup that led to it. It just seems like they thought "oh this is going to be a shocking scene for sure" and forgot the main reason why the scene was so shocking in the books: it was because we cared about those characters, and not at all because it was super violent.
3877	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	^Same here, I really don't mind small changes, but D&amp;D have shown time and time again that they are not good at making stuff up. Ros? Talisa? The whole WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS mess?I really don't understand how their main ambition when making this show was to film the Red Wedding and they completely botched up everything that led to it by turning the Robb storyline into a sappy love story and forgoing all the buildup that led to it. It just seems like they thought "oh this is going to be a shocking scene for sure" and forgot the main reason why the scene was so shocking in the books: it was because we cared about those characters, and not at all because it was super violent./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3878	SerMixalot	2013-06-05	^Same here, I really don't mind small changes, but D&D have shown time and time again that they are not good at making stuff up. Ros? Talisa? The whole WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS mess?I really don't understand how their main ambition when making this show was to film the Red Wedding and they completely botched up everything that led to it by turning the Robb storyline into a sappy love story and forgoing all the buildup that led to it. It just seems like they thought "oh this is going to be a shocking scene for sure" and forgot the main reason why the scene was so shocking in the books: it was because we cared about those characters, and not at all because it was super violent.  The book Robb is such a tragic story.  He is the embodiment of honor and that is why his bannermen follow him and why we as readers love him, because he is the hero.  Intentionally making him not a POV character allows him to be idealized for us and we feel the love through those around him, whether it is his mother or his followers. In one moment of singular weakness he makes a tragic mistake. and all the tragedy arises from him trying to make that mistake right!  That is why he is such a noble hero.  His downfall arose from him trying to do the right thing when HE had made the mistake.  From that moment everything goes wrong for him. One thing that always touched me was when he returned to Riverrun, he couldn't get angry with Cat for releasing the Kingslayer because he too had done something foolish.  At that moment I had such empathy for he and Cat.  Compare that to Show Robb where he simply acts petulantly and selfish. IIRC there is a scene in S2 where he lectures Cat about how honor means nothing and he will do what he wants cause everyone else does.  That made him a repugnant character to me and showed to me that D&D either didn't get the tragedy or did not have the courage to present it faithfully to the novel. It would have taken boldness to represent such idealistic faith in honor because we are such a cynical society and they went with the easy clichAd love story.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 05 June 2013 - 08:29 PM.
3879	ladyinblack	2013-06-05	Way to not state your case one iota and resort to childish nonsense.You wrote a book? Can I assume it's of the pop-up variety?nothing like checking in on this thread after work & see this actionyou both post good stuff, you know /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
3880	Fat Mac	2013-06-05	^Same here, I really don't mind small changes, but D&D have shown time and time again that they are not good at making stuff up. Ros? Talisa? The whole WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS mess?I dont have anything to quote but, didn't GRRM come up with and personally approve of Talisa?
3881	ladyinblack	2013-06-05	I thought afterwards, and this will be a little controversial because it isn't in the books but it would have been great that in their dying states Robb and Greywind made a real connection. As dying Greywind was starring at Arya it cuts to Robb inside and he says to himself "Arya" but kinda not understand why. That would have been pretty powerful and related directly to what Jojen says to Bran earlier in the ep that warging "is in his blood"...I like that idea
3882	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	I dont have anything to quote but, didn't GRRM come up with and personally approve of Talisa?Actually D&D changed the character and they were originally keeping the name Jeyne (but not the last name obviously) but she was changed so much he suggested changing the name because it wasn't a Volantis name. I honestly don't think he approves of the character. He mentioned once years ago his thought of spunky little nurses (who when we first meet her we and Robb don't know is a highborn) back talking kings.
3883	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	Way to not state your case one iota and resort to childish nonsense.You wrote a book? Can I assume it's of the pop-up variety?Now now, let's not make this personal.
3884	Simon Steele	2013-06-05	The book Robb is such a tragic story.  He is the embodiment of honor and that is why his bannermen follow him and why we as readers love him, because he is the hero.  Intentionally making him not a POV character allows him to be idealized for us and we feel the love through those around him, whether it is his mother or his followers. In one moment of singular weakness he makes a tragic mistake. and all the tragedy arises from him trying to make that mistake right!  That is why he is such a noble hero.  His downfall arose from him trying to do the right thing when HE had made the mistake.  From that moment everything goes wrong for him. One thing that always touched me was when he returned to Riverrun, he couldn't get angry with Cat for releasing the Kingslayer because he too had done something foolish.  At that moment I had such empathy for he and Cat.  Compare that to Show Robb where he simply acts petulantly and selfish. IIRC there is a scene in S2 where he lectures Cat about how honor means nothing and he will do what he wants cause everyone else does.  That made him a repugnant character to me and showed to me that D&D either didn't get the tragedy or did not have the courage to present it faithfully to the novel. It would have taken boldness to represent such idealistic faith in honor because we are such a cynical society and they went with the easy clichAd love story.All true. It's sad the show couldn't follow this, it would have made for phenomenal TV.
3885	teemo	2013-06-05	Actually D&D changed the character and they were originally keeping the name Jeyne (but not the last name obviously) but she was changed so much he suggested changing the name because it wasn't a Volantis name. I honestly don't think he approves of the character. He mentioned once years ago his thought of spunky little nurses (who when we first meet her we and Robb don't know is a highborn) back talking kings.What was it?I asked George RR Martin at ConQuest a couple weeks ago what he thought of the change from Jeyne to Talisa.  He said the above stuff that you mentioned (how the name Jeyne didn't make sense) and also said, "I guess they thought she was a better character."
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 05 June 2013 - 09:32 PM.
3886	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	What was it?I asked George RR Martin at ConQuest a couple weeks ago what he thought of the change from Jeyne to Talisa.  He said the above stuff that you mentioned (how the name Jeyne didn't make sense) and also said, "I guess they thought she was a better character."I don't think him thinking D&D thought she was a better character means he actually likes the change.I can't remember the exact wording he said or where the heck I read it (I know I got the link from a post on this site though.) But basically it was something along the lines of how in all fantasy the lowborn girl back talks the prince and that what they don't realize is that the prince would throw that girl in the stocks or rape her (or basically some big consequence). I know it's not exactly the same since Talisa is highborn, but we don't know this at the time that she's back talking Robb. And I don't think even a highborn girl in that time would be stupid enough to act sassy towards a king.That was basically it though, that he doesn't approve of the cliche 'girl acts spunky/modern and prince/royalty falls for her'.
3887	teemo	2013-06-05	I don't think him thinking D&D thought she was a better character means he actually likes the change.I can't remember the exact wording he said or where the heck I read it (I know I got the link from a post on this site though.) But basically it was something along the lines of how in all fantasy the lowborn girl back talks the prince and that what they don't realize is that the prince would throw that girl in the stocks or rape her (or basically some big consequence). I know it's not exactly the same since Talisa is highborn, but we don't know this at the time that she's back talking Robb. And I don't think even a highborn girl in that time would be stupid enough to act sassy towards a king.That was basically it though, that he doesn't approve of the cliche 'girl acts spunky/modern and prince/royalty falls for her'.That's not what I meant at all.  I was actually thinking more of the opposite.  He said nothing positive whatsoever regarding Talisa's character, to me at least, he even sounded a bit perplexed or I don't know the word I'm looking for....something when he said, "I guess they thought she was a better character." And he saw me shake my head in disagreement (there was definitely some mumbling in the room when I asked that question and a couple groans) and he called me Daenerys.  That was really neat /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 12:03 AM.
3888	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	That's not what I meant at all.  I was actually thinking more of the opposite.Aah my bad, I was just throwing that out there since you mentioned what he said.
3889	Follmann	2013-06-05	Just thinking on how downhill the King in the North's storyline adaptation went since this:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=JQW9lB_KbRg
At least show-Robb was put out of his misery.
3890	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-05	Exactly.This is part of the Stark charm, for lack of a better word, they inspire loyalty, people are willing to die to defend them, to go out of their way to save their daughters, put it all on the line to find their sons...this is what makes the tragedy so EPIC in its scope and what made the Red Wedding so devasting, because you saw all that loyalty play out and still result in death.The TV version, while yes, shocking and surprising, was really about Robb and Talisa and Cat, and thats it, because there was not a SINGLE recognizable Northerner who died with them, not one.I admitted it was a nit pick about Robb crawling toward his dead wife instead of trying to find a sword, but its soooo representative of D&Ds vision of the Red Wedding and what they did [butchery, yes I am using that word on purpose] with Robb's story.  But, I still think it was dumb, however, it was totally in character for Show Robb, who had his "where is Winterfell again" wife sitting in on his war councils and who was more concerned with her butt than with the loss of 4000 Frey soldiers that it caused.Rant over.One moment I loved in the episode was Osha's quiet assertion, as justification for her becoming Rickon's de facto guardian and protector, that the Starks took her in and took care of her when they didn't have to do so.  What other noble house of Westeros would have not only shown mercy to a woman who had tried to kidnap a son of the house, but eventually raised her from prisoner to trusted servant?  The Boltons would have flayed Osha; the Lannisters would have set either the Hound or Gregor on her, the Greyjoys would have drowned her; and I doubt that Stannis Baratheon would have been very forgiving either.  But Robb let Osha live, because she had not harmed Bran and she begged for mercy; and Robb was raised by Ned Stark, who believed that human life had some value and should be saved if possible.  Ned was a Stark, Robb was a Stark, and though they made mistakes, and underestimated the venom of their supposed allies, they stood for something greater than the backstabbing, everyone-for-themselves ethos practiced by much of the so-called Westerosi nobility.  That's why SmallJon Umber fought so hard to save Robb's life; and that's why a wildling bandit became the devoted protector of the littlest Stark...I wish we had seen more of the Stark bannermen, to give a sense of the enormity of the Stark tradition and legacy as well as the individual examples of heart-rending courage in the face of death.
3891	Batman	2013-06-06	JAIME Lannister sends his regards. JAIME LANNISTER!
3892	teemo	2013-06-06	I had a long talk with my sister today about her reaction, she was super sick so she only just got to watch it.  She suddenly hated Robb's character weeks ago.  Felt like he was a pompous, unlikable, poorly written character and hated the relationship between him and Talisa.  She didn't feel much for their deaths at all, but said she was unexpected, although it wasn't as shocking as Ned's death.  She just had no emotional investment in Robb/Talisa at all, although she definitely likes Cat.  However, she was most saddened by Grey Winds death /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  It's just sooooo frustrating to me that she hates Robb.  God, I know she wouldn't hate Robb at all if she read the books.  I have been annoying her to read the books for yearrrrrssss and she finally read the first one and like the first two chapters of the second and it's driving me nuts.  She wanted to know exactly how it played down in the books so I told her some of the most significant differences.  She sounds a lot like me, actually /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  She thought the Robb/Talisa thing at the last minute was a desperate attempt to get viewers to care and that their cheesiness didn't feel "very games of thronesy."  When I told her about the differences, she was most annoyed that Cat didn't go mad and wasn't a fan of her blank stare.  I'm not recommending the show to people anymore.  Only the books and to people who I'm positive actually like to read.  I liked how overall how the RW played out, but the fact that I have friends (three) who despise Robb and thinks he's the biggest asshole in the world and then one who was apathetic towards him is so irritating.  I personally don't know anyone who has only read the books who feels that poorly about Robb.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 01:51 AM.
3893	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	He said nothing positive whatsoever regarding Talisa's character, to me at least, he even sounded a bit perplexed or I don't know the word I'm looking for....something when he said, "I guess they thought she was a better character." And he saw me shake my head in disagreement (there was definitely some mumbling in the room when I asked that question and a couple groans) and he called me Daenerys.  That was really neat /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Do people ask him that a lot? (I don't really watch comic con to much or go to the things where you can ask questions) but it seems kind of rude to grumble and moan about a question like that. I mean I'm sure there's quite a few book readers, myself included, that's wondered his thoughts about the change.
3894	protar	2013-06-06	Just thinking on how downhill the King in the North's storyline adaptation went since this:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=JQW9lB_KbRgAt least show-Robb was put out of his misery.That scene always gives me chills. Reading or watching.
3895	lentrix	2013-06-06	from having read the books - small disappointment.A couple of main bits that were missing: Greatjon Umber - not being present - he tries to rescue Robb (viewers would have recognised him from series 1)The Tents : in the book these are set alight with most of the North's soldiers inside (now told this is in next weeks episode)also missed the moment where Catelyn clawed her face as she died.Thought these could have been added in tbh ....
3896	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-06	from having read the books - small disappointment.A couple of main bits that were missing:Greatjon Umber - not being present - he tries to rescue Robb (viewers would have recognised him from series 1)The Tents : in the book these are set alight with most of the North's soldiers inside (now told this is in next weeks episode)also missed the moment where Catelyn clawed her face as she died.Thought these could have been added in tbh ....Greatjon is no longer part of the cast and I believe that they will show a little more of the fighting outside the castle in the last episode. As for Cat, I really do not know which version would work better on TV.Since I commented on this thread, I must share my nitpick side, which for this episode refers to: 1) the lack of significant impact of the conquest of Yunkai; 2) the clichA of having 3 guys defeating a whole army, and 3) Catelyn's scream didn't feel good, initially. However, after the third view, I think that scream is not that bad.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 06 June 2013 - 05:50 AM.
3897	Rockroi	2013-06-06	I have a nitpick. 
Why did Roose Bolton run away? 
After Roose looks at Cat and Cat rolls up his sleeve, she sees the steel and slaps him in the face.
And Roose... runs away.  He runs away like a little girl.  He is carted off by another Frey (I think) and that's when we see yet another Frey pull out a dagger and kill Talisa. 
Why did he run away?  Well, I know why he ran away practically - if he stays next to Cat she will either try to kill her or she will try to kill him and that's not Roose's role here.  But watching Roose Bolton flee because he got slapped?  COME ON!
3898	Ran	2013-06-06	The wild violence that was about to ensue, including crossbow bolts, kind of made that area a dangerous place to be. I mean, in the book, Catelyn was hit by a bolt by accident -- she wasn't an intended target. While the show seems to have taken a different approach -- there's no sign she was ever intended to be taken captive -- but the point remains
So his getting out of the way makes sense, I suppose, if he (for whatever reason) doesn't intend to take an active part in the massacre.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 06 June 2013 - 09:09 AM.
3899	protar	2013-06-06	The wild violence that was about to ensue, including crossbow bolts, kind of made that area a dangerous place to be. I mean, in the book, Catelyn was hit by a bolt by accident -- she wasn't an intended target. While the show seems to have taken a different approach -- there's no sign she was ever intended to be taken captive -- but the point remainsSo his getting out of the way makes sense, I suppose, if he (for whatever reason) doesn't intend to take an active part in the massacre.Still it would have been better had he casually strode out of the hall, deflecting a crossbow bolt at Robb with a swish of his fabulous pink cloak. /hat.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':hat:' />
3900	Rockroi	2013-06-06	That makes sense.  Though... then why run stage right instead of stage left (behind Robb and Talia, where the majority of bolts will be headed? 
Then again, even for a nitpick thread... that's pretty nitpicky of me...
3901	Follmann	2013-06-06	I realized that Book RW and Show RW have about the same relation as Atmosphere focused horror and Jump Scare horror.
In the book we had the slow build up with Grey Wind freaking out, the bad food and music, the absent "nice" Freys, the weeping bride...
But in the show, everything was going awesomely until the doors were closed and Rains started to play. Then Talisa gets stabbed in a almost comical slasher fashion... It all felt quite weird, out of place. Almost unreal.
It went like this: characters gets framed in a american shot style, some random Frey quickly steps in and stabs/slashes and then steps out.
And Roose felt weird too. I really love the actor and the mildly amused sadist he is playing. But Roose running after spoiling the RW to Cat looked comical, and his stabbing of Robb was so rushed. I would also have prefered the mildly amused tone while delivering the line, instead of the slightly angry.
3902	Masamune	2013-06-06	Why rearrange Talisa's uterus with a knife instead of just slitting her throat? 
Was there really any need for that other than HBO's typical shock value?
3903	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Why rearrange Talisa's uterus with a knife instead of just slitting her throat? Was there really any need for that other than HBO's typical shock value?And to make Talisa hates feel sorry for her.
3904	Cas Stark	2013-06-06	And to make Talisa hates feel sorry for her.Didn't work.  LOL.  The transparent attempt to ellicite an extra emotional bang for their buck by the focus on her pregnancy, even going so far as talking baby names, then stabbing her in the stomach, made me hate her more than ever.
3905	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	Why rearrange Talisa's uterus with a knife instead of just slitting her throat?Because if the Frey slit her throat then they just kill Talisa.They killed her baby first so that was the last thing in her mind as she lay dying.That and for Robb to experience the exact same pain his mother experienced since she lost her husband and children.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 06 June 2013 - 02:59 PM.
3906	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Didn't work.  LOL.  The transparent attempt to ellicite an extra emotional bang for their buck by the focus on her pregnancy, even going so far as talking baby names, then stabbing her in the stomach, made me hate her more than ever.Same here lol. That gushy stuff only made me feel sorry for Robb, not her.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 03:00 PM.
3907	teemo	2013-06-06	Didn't work.  LOL.  The transparent attempt to ellicite an extra emotional bang for their buck by the focus on her pregnancy, even going so far as talking baby names, then stabbing her in the stomach, made me hate her more than ever.Yep.  If you already hate Talisa, unless you're easily emotionally manipulated, I think that that transparent attempt just makes it worse.Still it would have been better had he casually strode out of the hall, deflecting a crossbow bolt at Robb with a swish of his fabulous pink cloak. /hat.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':hat:' />I have to admit, ever time I see Roose I'm a little sad that absolutely no pink is associated with House Bolton.  It always will in my mind though.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 06 June 2013 - 05:01 PM.
3908	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Yep.  If you already hate Talisa, unless you're easily emotionally manipulated, I think that that transparent attempt just makes it worse.I agree, it really did. I could see my mom falling for it if she watched the show though. But that would fall into the buying of the pregnancy and gushy scene mess. It honestly only made me sadder to see Robb/Madden killed off and hope even more that Ran was right and she would be killed as well.
3909	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-06	lol, Septa Mordane!  wow.  Yeah, sometimes people surprise you.  Like I was quizzing my boyfriend on names and he was failing miserably, but was able to get Loras Tyrell and "Littlefinger: real name Petyr Baelish" o.O  Actually, he did guess Cersei's name as Catelyn once, hah.  Maybe it's just because they both start with C...And I completely agree with you how they should make the men more distinctive looking.  I would probably be utterly lost if I haven't read the books because people in large casts on shows tend to look alike to me.^^ITA with the can't tell the guys apart. It is what drive me to read the books after losing interest in the show in season 2 bc I couldn't tell who was who and it made the story too hard to follow. Also why no cloaks at the weddings? No Tully red and blue? It's a nitpick but it bugs me!
3910	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-06	Roses pink - miss that too!
3911	QueenBeyondtheWeb	2013-06-06	*Roose's
3912	Le Cygne	2013-06-06	Yep.  If you already hate Talisa, unless you're easily emotionally manipulated, I think that that transparent attempt just makes it worse.That's the way it was for me.  Shaking my head, cliche to the end.  I wanted the RW to focus on Robb and Catelyn.   That's where the story was.
3913	Mammothsbane	2013-06-06	How come no one else seemed to notice the band playing the Rains of Castamere except Catelyn? 
/nitpick
3914	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	How come no one else seemed to notice the band playing the Rains of Castamere except Catelyn? /nitpickBecause Talisa is an idiot foreigner and they've made Robb just as idiotic as her in the show. (And we don't have any known northern bannermen that's recognizable) so really all that's left is Cat sadly.
3915	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-07	Why rearrange Talisa's uterus with a knife instead of just slitting her throat?Was there really any need for that other than HBO's typical shock value?I think HBO wanted to pile on the pathos along with the shock value; but I can see why Walder Frey would have ordered the specific strike on Talisa's pregnant belly - he views her pregnancy as a very visible insult to House Frey; she is carrying what he believes should have been his grandchild, the King of the North's firstborn child was supposed to be born of a Frey mother.
3916	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	I think HBO wanted to pile on the pathos along with the shock value; but I can see why Walder Frey would have ordered the specific strike on Talisa's pregnant belly - he views her pregnancy as a very visible insult to House Frey; she is carrying what he believes should have been his grandchild, the King of the North's firstborn child was supposed to be born of a Frey mother.  My only thing I wonder about is how they knew? She wasn't exactly showing very much, unless she did in fact look bigger and I wasn't paying that close of attention? The only thing I can think of is overhearing the baby talk. But am I wrong and Talisa was in fact showing signs of pregnancy? (Aside from Robb touching her stomach which would be a good visible indication.)
3917	teemo	2013-06-07	How come no one else seemed to notice the band playing the Rains of Castamere except Catelyn?/nitpickMy Unsullied friend actually had this question as well /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Very odd.
3918	boojam	2013-06-07	What happened to Wren Ros Elliot-Sloan ?
Dany's Blood Rider right to the episode 10 season 2.
We see her Dothraki clan in the background now and then , but this character vanished.
They killed off one blood riders S2, keep one around, and never explained what happened to the others.
Mr 'gray beard' Dothraki , never caught his name, ain't in the background either.
Minor matters , but I am always curious.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2013 - 09:36 AM.
3919	Ambria	2013-06-07	My only thing I wonder about is how they knew? She wasn't exactly showing very much, unless she did in fact look bigger and I wasn't paying that close of attention? The only thing I can think of is overhearing the baby talk. But am I wrong and Talisa was in fact showing signs of pregnancy? (Aside from Robb touching her stomach which would be a good visible indication.)Well, he did say he can always tell what's going on beneath a womans dress.It would only take a small bump on her otherwise perfect figure to give it a way, I guess.
3920	teemo	2013-06-07	EW came in the mail today, and according to this brilliant writer the RW is tougher on viewers than readers because Robb gets a lot more time and Catelyn is much more sympathetic in the show.  
That's nice.  I'm sure s/he read the books.
3921	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	EW came in the mail today, and according to this brilliant writer the RW is tougher on viewers than readers because Robb gets a lot more time and Catelyn is much more sympathetic in the show.  That's nice.  I'm sure s/he read the books.What? Crazy talk. More screen time doesn't equal more likeable. And the fact they think Cat is sympathetic, when there's been a few scenes that otherwise makes her look bad.. All I got to say is wow, lol.
3922	teemo	2013-06-07	What? Crazy talk. More screen time doesn't equal more likeable. And the fact they think Cat is sympathetic, when there's been a few scenes that otherwise makes her look bad..All I got to say is wow, lol.Oh, and also because "Madden is a dreamy fan favorite."
3923	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-07	Oh, and also because "Madden is a dreamy fan favorite."I can understand the part of fan girls, but people in the book can't like/'fan girl-ize' Madden and be just as devastated by his death? I don't understand that. I cried just as much watching the show and poor Grey Wind, Robb, and Cat as I did in reading the books. (Which amazingly I accidentally spoiled myself to in the books so I knew before hand both times and still felt so emotional about it.) I was literally depressed and dreading it every Sunday for weeks up until this episode. Pretty sad of me, I know.The things people say. Wow. Somehow unsullied are always the more emotionally invested. LOL.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 07 June 2013 - 09:08 PM.
3924	-jelena-	2013-06-08	I found some moments in this episode to be rather cheesy. All that smuggling and cuddling beetwen Talisa and Robb. And then, mentioning little Eddard Stark. D&D must be so subtle. And then belly stabbing. Of course... because she's pregnant, you know. Because it is not obvious at all that D&D made her pregnant with little Ned just so they can belly stab her. Because that's supposed to bring out our emotions. A real tear jerker. And because simple throat cutting an unpregnant woman is simply not enough.
I'm sorry, D&D. You've butchered some of the really great characters and ripped off Cat of her storyline. I could care less about cheesy love story and poorly written character.
3925	SerCalius	2013-06-09	My only thing I wonder about is how they knew? She wasn't exactly showing very much, unless she did in fact look bigger and I wasn't paying that close of attention? The only thing I can think of is overhearing the baby talk. But am I wrong and Talisa was in fact showing signs of pregnancy? (Aside from Robb touching her stomach which would be a good visible indication.)I'd wager that they did it "just in case". They'd have known the wedding was consumated and many more times afterwards as young couples are wont to do, and the Freys would just assume that she most likely is pregnant by then.
3926	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-09	How come no one else seemed to notice the band playing the Rains of Castamere except Catelyn?/nitpickSame thought passed my mind. My girlfriend suggested that perhaps all the North guests were too drunk to notice/care; I'm willing to live with that reasoning /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3927	moonsblood	2013-06-10	I really wish Greywind had died fighting.
I didn't like Talisa being there/being pregnant.  Her death was gratuitous, and almost comical it was so over the top, and I didn't even like Talisa.
No drums was lame, and the musicians should have been bad.
And I wish Catelyn had gone a little more insane with grief in her final moments.
3928	Whoresbane Umber	2013-06-11	I thought that in the book in was more sad because you read about the greatjon fighting for his life, smalljon trying to save robb. Dacey and lucas dying. Greywind killing freys.
3929	The Boar of Gore	2013-06-12	Comment from the Unsullied (http://forums.televi...lation/page-213):Just a note, Rob's army wasn't at the Twins.  He traveled first to Riverrun and then to the Twins with a small honor guard.  We saw them on the road when Karstark called grandpa Tully's funeral a distraction.  It wouldn't make any sense to bring his whole army to the wedding, how would you feed them, plus it would have been really, really difficult for Frey to have marched out and killed a whole army.  Nobody has enough booze to get that many men drunk.  The army of the north is still out there though sorely in need of leadership.Of course, the army of the north isn't still out there, but the commenter is right that there wasn't really a reason for the whole army to be at the Twins  when the plan was to take Casterly Rock (rather than Moat Cailin).
3930	Inevittable	2013-05-13	Hello all,I am currently studying towards a PhD in Media, Culture and Communication at Keele University.  My project title is <U+0080>An online ethnography of the fan community of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels and the Game of Thrones television adaptation<U+0080><U+0099> and my aim is to investigate the history and current practices of the fan community of A Song of Ice and Fire and Game of Thrones.With the permission of the owners of this website I am initiating this thread to try and encourage discussion about the topic described below.An information sheet is available here, which will hopefully address any questions you may have about the research.  The information sheet contains information about the research process, and also information about how your posts to this thread will be used.  You are under no obligation to take part, however your help in the project would be much appreciated.By posting in this thread you are agreeing to the statements on the consent sheet which is part of the information sheet linked to above.  By posting in the thread you are agreeing that you are over 18.If you have any queries please let me know.PS: There is a thread here which you are very welcome to join to discuss the research project or ask questions.***significant book and TV spoilers below**The Red WeddingThere is already a thread about the Red Wedding, but it is quite general.  I<U+0080><U+0099>d like to prompt a similar thread, but make this one a discussion about your thoughts about the scene, rather than how you imagine unsullied viewers will respond <U+0080><U+0093> although like many of you I can<U+0080><U+0099>t wait to find out their reactions.I<U+0080><U+0099>d like us to use this thread to discuss our mental images of the Red Wedding before it is screened.  I<U+0080><U+0099>d be especially interested if you could tell me about:What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?These questions are just a guide, and I encourage an open discussion so you don<U+0080><U+0099>t have to stick to them rigidly.  I<U+0080><U+0099>ll post my own answers to the questions later, but would rather if you all took the lead to start.See page 11 of this thread for discussion since the Red Wedding scene aired, thanksMany thanks,Inevittable
					
					
							Edited by Inevittable, 11 June 2013 - 01:16 PM.
3931	~DarkHorse~	2013-05-13	The most vivid mental image without a doubt is Robb with Grey Winds head, sitting on a throne with a crown. It pretty much symbolises Robb's demise and the Red Wedding to me and I'm dreading but...morbidly anticipating how they portray how the bodies were treated. I think that was the biggest shock and horror for me- how the bodies were treated.  
I'm looking forward to finding out if Talisa is a spy and the non-book readers reactions to the RW.
3932	Inevittable	2013-05-13	It's been a while since the first time I read the scene, but I've just read through it again.  It's strange, when read out of context, how short the massacre scene actually is.
I think the thing that really sticks in my head is Cat holding the knife to Jinglebells' throat.  I don't think about Jinglebells, but I can almost see the play of emotions across Cat's face as she wrestles with fear, anger, rage, hope, pain.  
I too am wondering about how they show the treatment of the bodies.  They weren't shy about showing Ned's head on a pike were they?  But mostly it comes down to the characters.  I'm terrible at predicting how things are going to go on screen, I'm just excited to see what happens.
3933	~DarkHorse~	2013-05-13	I think the thing that really sticks in my head is Cat holding the knife to Jinglebells' throat.  I don't think about Jinglebells, but I can almost see the play of emotions across Cat's face as she wrestles with fear, anger, rage, hope, pain.  Yeah, that was hard to read, especially when she started sawing at his throat. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3934	Inevittable	2013-05-13	Yeah, 'saw', 'neck', 'blade', 'grate' and 'bone' don't have many happy combinations do they!  Although, then it goes onto "ten fierce ravens were raking her face". Nice.
3935	iheartseverus	2013-05-13	Its interesting that you noted on a re-read how short the actual massacre scene really was.  Its been years since I read the RW (and I won't ever read it again) and my mental image is that the scene goes on, and on, and on, past the point where I was gasping and horrified and nearly to the point of me screaming.  To me, it was the single most viscerally shocking scene I've ever read.  And, that's saying something, because I'm middle-aged, college-educated and have been a voracious reader all my life.  Another interesting bit of input is that later, when I came to this board and learned of other readers' reactions to the RW, many, many of them said they literally threw the book across the room.  That's exactly what I did!  And it wasn't because of anger or a 'fuck this!' reaction, that came a few minutes later--instead, it was instinctive--rid me of this horror!  Exactly as a person would react if he/she were to look and see a scorpion or poisonous spider crawling up her arm.  Fling it as far away as possible, as fast as possible, without a second's rational thought.
Best wishes to you with your project--a most interesting topic, indeed.
3936	Tquinn BC	2013-05-13	Definitely the image of Cat clawing at herself. Plus Rob calling for Grey Wind.
Sorry to go slightly of topic, but does anyone (just follow me for a sec) think that a non book reader will see rob with a wolf's head and then jump to some crazy conclusion that he'll spring back to like as a wolf/man hybrid? I mean really if your a non book reader and your jumping to conclusions trying to be "that guy" who is always predicting the end of movies you could really jump to that conclusion especially in a show like this that is unpredictable. 
A little off topic but I didn't no where else to ask that question.
3937	SnowyStoneRivers	2013-05-13	Mental images... I'll describe a few thoughts of mine.
1. What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?
I was somewhat suspicious of the wedding, so much of the Stark host's time at the Frey's prior to the actual killing, I was feeling uneasy. My most vivid mental image was when Catelyn Stark saw the chainmail under someone's tunic-- at that point, my gut completely sank and obviously, the slaughter then begun, perfectly timed to directly after that chainmail image. That "sinking feeling" is what really made it stamp into my brain.
Edited to add, after reading some comments, that Cat's treatment of Jinglebells and her psychotic break/face clawing was definetly strong and effective imagery. I did put the book down after that chapter for a while.
2. How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?
I'll skip this one.
3. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?
I imagine it will stay fairly close to the books, with much blood and so on. I'm sure it will be gruesome and shocking.
4. How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?
I'm not looking forward to watching the scene a whole lot, since I have a faily low tolerance for blood'n'guts. I am looking forward to the "unsullied's" surprise! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by SnowRivers, 13 May 2013 - 08:17 PM.
3938	Broken Fox	2013-05-13	Most vivid images:
- Robb, lying on the ground, being stabbed by Roose Bolton.
- Catelyn screaming and clawing at her face.
- And of course Robb's corpse with the Grey Wind's head attached.
3939	LordStoneheart	2013-05-13	Upon my first read of that chapter I was stunned and my heart was actually beating. The image that stuck out in my mind the most and still does is Catelyn watching the blood run down her arms while she laughs and says "it tickles." That's when I knew this chapter would end even worse than I imagine. When I finished the chapter I flipped through the rest of the book just to see if there was another Catelyn heading. I didn't want to accept what happened to her.
By the end of the book the shock had mostly settled but I was still unhappy. It wasn't until I finished the epilogue that I felt some sort of justice was happening, for the rest of the book is dreary for every Stark family member (including Jon.)
I am excited to see the scene because the sheer shock of it in the books will be all the more real when we see it. I won't be happy about seeing it but I feel like it will make the point even more clear that this world is a cruel place.
3940	the maid of woodlynne	2013-05-13	I did the same thing - flipping ahead to see if there were any more Cat chapters - because I just could not believe what I had just read. 
What stood out for me is the sound of the drums. Cat repeatedly mentions how awful the musicians are - that was the red flag for me. And then when she feels the chainmail under the sleeve - what an awful feeling of dread. 
The other thing I did after looking for the Cat chapters was to reread the chapter where they arrive @ the Twins and finding Lord Walder's "mayhaps" - that when I was sure I hadn't misread it. I did this before I read the Arya chapter, so hers was an extra gut punch. 
I'd like to see the moment where Dacey Mormont realizes something is wrong - the light in her eyes going out. And I'm interested to see Lord Walder's callous indifference towards Jinglebell combined with his ghoulish glee - should be enough to properly sicken me.
3941	Montey14	2013-05-13	If I remember correctly...Robbs body with the  wolfs head wasn't part of the written scene....it was later described by Tyrion when they got news of it at kings landing and the gory details came out....I had the feeling that something was going to go terribly wrong when the Freys admitted to not having their children at the wedding....and also Roose Bolton sweating profusely throughout the wedding .....he's a type that never sweats or never seems to show any apprehension....As soon as the scene ended and Robb was dead...it was really a big punch in the gut....I felt like I couldn't read the story any longer...that some how Robb was supposed to continue on and fight the good fight.  Another strange line that stood in my mind was Cat's reference to her hair when they were coming to slash her throat. "Not my hair, ned loves my hair" I guess the shock and horror of it all would make her delusional.  The most troubling part for me was how they treated the bodies afterwards...the mocking of the Tulley funeral traditions with Catlyn just being dumped inthe river....and of course Robb being mutilated in such a manner after his death....we know what happens to Cat....but I was kind of hoping GRRM would tell us what finally happend after Robbs body was mutilated.  What ever became of his remains?
3942	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-14	Yeah, I think my most vivid image what the blade coming out of Robb's chest as Roose Bolton stabs him, because I think when I got that that point I got a jolt and my whole body shock for a microsecond as though I touched a live socket or something. Up until that point I still held out hope that Robb will get captured and I didn't expect him to die, when the blade came out of his chest it was all over. I think after finishing that chapter my heart was beating super fast. I had to close the book and take a moment to calm down. Took me a few hours before I was ready to go back, I kept going in my mind WTF, did that just happen?
I really don't expect the show to be able to duplicate that moment, Robb was a much more awesome character in the books than the show, and I like book Catelyn a lot more too, and all the Northern bannermen that I like such as Dacey and Smalljon aren't even in the show.   I think the show will do a decent job with what they have, but they will not come close to the emotional impact of reading the RW.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 14 May 2013 - 01:08 AM.
3943	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-14	When I first read it, I had an urge to throw the book. Then I decided a nice break would be good. I put it down for a day. Honestly, when Cat dies all I'll be thinking of is: "No, don't, don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair." 
Vivid images? Mostly the musicians holding the crossbows and uh the part where a bunch of men stroll in holding large battle axes. 
I imagine the scene playing out just like the book, or at least I hope that's how it goes. 
Honestly I'm not really looking forward to anything, it is incredibly depressing to me.
3944	ktwse	2013-05-14	1. What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I refused to believe it at first. I couldn't imagine I had just read about both Robb, one of my favorite book characters, and Catelyn being murdered. I felt especially sorry for Cat at that time, because she died believing that pretty much all her children were dead or lost, and also knowing Arya was so close. I flung the book across the room and then just paced the apartment for about fifteen minutes, furious. "Not my hair" was probably a standout moment for me.I went on to read the Arya chapter, and then I had to flip the rest of the book to see if there were any more Arya chapters. There was and that gave me some relief. But I was still furious with Bolton and Frey, even until the end of Dance. Manderley talks about how the North remembers, well, turns out I do as well...2.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?This one is hard to answer. For any other lord of the North (apart from Bolton of course) in pretty much the same way. From the perspective of Frey, how justice had finally been made following Robb's incredible offense to his house. From Bolton's perspective in a very matter of factly, logical way, "There, it's done, and I now have control over the North!"3. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?The problem for the screenwriters is that there are so many fewer characters we actually know, meaning the death of Robb's bannermen won't be as striking. Also, the way Frey's throne room was portrayed in S1, it looks like it will be set in a smaller space. Probably a lot of focus on Robb and Cat. It will probably be preceded by quite a build-up with lots of ominous signs. Non-readers will have to get the sense that something is awfully wrong before it actually happens, to be at least somewhat mentally prepared.4. How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I can't really say I'm looking forward to it, but at the same time, most of the people I discuss the show with haven't read the books, and in that way I look forward to actually being able to discuss, and process, it with them.
3945	Arkash	2013-05-14	The musicians setting aside their instruments and pulling bows and crossbows is my strongest RW mental image !
3946	Inevittable	2013-05-14	Thanks for all your answers everyone, please keep them coming.I was somewhat suspicious of the wedding, so much of the Stark host's time at the Frey's prior to the actual killing, I was feeling uneasy. My most vivid mental image was when Catelyn Stark saw the chainmail under someone's tunic-- at that point, my gut completely sank and obviously, the slaughter then begun, perfectly timed to directly after that chainmail image. That "sinking feeling" is what really made it stamp into my brain.I'm so rubbish at cottoning on when books drop hints about what's going to happen.  It was only on the re-read that I picked up on the constant mention of the loudness of the music and how important it was that the children weren't there.- Catelyn screaming and clawing at her face.This is something I really can't wrap my head around seeing on screen.  Really curious about how/if they show it.I am excited to see the scene because the sheer shock of it in the books will be all the more real when we see it. I won't be happy about seeing it but I feel like it will make the point even more clear that this world is a cruel place.I know what you mean.  I sometimes have to remind myself, when I'm watching these scenes, of what's coming up.If I remember correctly...Robbs body with the  wolfs head wasn't part of the written scene....Oh yes! Perhaps it won't be shown at all, and will be more like hearsay.I really don't expect the show to be able to duplicate that moment, Robb was a much more awesome character in the books than the show, and I like book Catelyn a lot more too, and all the Northern bannermen that I like such as Dacey and Smalljon aren't even in the show.   I think the show will do a decent job with what they have, but they will not come close to the emotional impact of reading the RW.I wonder if, similar to other TV episodes where a main character is going to die, they'll really amp up the audience's love for Robb and Catelyn in the beginning of the episode... Arya getting so close... Edmure looking happy... etcA few people have mentioned Dacey.  I wonder if Talisa will replace her at the wedding?  Since we don't have any family back-story for her (yet), it seems like her character might be pretty pointless without Robb.  It would certainly make the whole thing much more dramatic on screen, without the need to show all of Robb's well-know (to book readers) bannermen.  Perhaps pushing all the loss that was felt in the book, because of the number of bannermen slain, through the loss of that one well-known character with such strong ties to Robb.ETA: Just read the Talisa thread and realised that the above isn't all that original!
					
					
							Edited by Inevittable, 14 May 2013 - 12:50 PM.
3947	Mya Stone	2013-05-14	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?The first time I read it I called my friend who made me read the books at 1AM to ream him out for making me read such a depressing series. I thought for sure Robb would eventually avenge his dad's death. His response? "Silly. Remember what happened to Ned. There's no happy ending here. That's what makes it so awesome."The most vivid mental images I have have changed the more I read it. The first time, it was Dacey Mormont taking the axe to the belly, the Greatjon going down, the drums, and Cat holding a knife to Jinglebells's throat. I also thought that maybe Robb would make it out alive, after having taken numerous arrows but still managing to stay alive....until Roose Bolton gutted him. Sigh.Consequent rereads had me pick up on the fact that Catelyn went mad and clawed her face to shreds. I don't know why I didn't pick up on that at first (no, I do - it was the shock of the scene the first time through) but any other time I read it I think of that. How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Depends on who's POV you get. I think it's most impactful the way George wrote it, through a mother's eyes going mad with grief over the loss of her children, and the daughter who won't ever get reunited with her mother again.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Honestly, if they capture even a fraction of the horror on screen I'll be impressed. The picture in my mind is just so vivid, I'm not sure it will live up to it. Not to mention the foreshadowing on the show has been much more defined than in the book, to me. (Sure, you don't see Dany's vision of a king with a wolf's head, but I truly think the show has hammered it home to us that Robb's a dead man.) I do think Cat's "death" will be a shock to the Unsullied, though.  How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?This was the single most memorable chapter I have ever read. I am looking forward to it with a morbid curiosity. I want to see how it plays out on the screen, as opposed to my mind. If it's more impactful physically seeing it unfold rather than in my mind's eye.I am also looking forward to the reactions of others (mainly my Unsullied sister and her boyfriend) moreso than the actual event.I also am in the camp that Talisa will be killed during the wedding. I think that the streamlining of the story dictates it. We need it to be total and utter decimation of Robb and all he stands for - since we don't have his bannermen, this means that his wife and unborn child will be sacrificed. I think for TV, it makes the most sense. Who has Robb been seen with in I believe all of his scenes this season? Talisa. Whereas Cat has been delegated to background - his relationship with her is ruined, and his death (and hers, as well) will be all the more tragic - their relationship will die fragmented, and that will also help fuel Lady Stoneheart's rage. 
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 14 May 2013 - 02:25 PM.
3948	MinDonner	2013-05-14	These responses are really interesting to me too, seeing what other folk noticed - cos seriously, I've read ASoS at least 5 times and the last time was just a couple of weeks ago, and I never paid the slightest attention to who killed Robb, it's not until now that I'm really twigging that it was Roose. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Shock, obviously - it was clear that SOMETHING bad was going to happen at some point, but I had no idea how bad it would be. All that planning about the march up the causeway made it look like the Northmen would still be heading back towards Winterfell in some form or other, and so having that so comprehensively torn away was totally unexpected. Mental images? Well, the terrible discordant musicians for one thing, the way Roslin kept crying and everyone seemed either tense or upset (very much like the atmosphere in Cowslip's Warren in Watership Down, where the residents all know a terrible secret but are keeping it from the newcomers), Dacy getting an axe to the stomach, and of course then Cat clawing her face off.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?From an insider's POV, it would be hard to keep the secret without either giving it away or getting really cheesy, and any other POV would not have the same emotional response. But the external view worked really well in the series for Ned's death, so I'm hoping it will be the same here.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?For big important scenes like this, they've tended to stick closely to the book, so I imagine this will be much the same. Sinister buildup for the most part, then short but brutal conclusion. Not sure if they'll do the Bedding scene though, would have to wait till after Sansa & Tyrion's to make a guess (it would take a bit of extra explanation to not look weird). Unless that's been shifted for the series, I haven't been paying attention to any trailers or synopses.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am looking forward to this scene immensely. If I had the DVD I would skip forward to this scene and watch it before the rest of the episodes. It has so much potential for a really powerful setpiece, and doesn't have the budget constraints of the Blackwater (which was awesome enough in its own right) so they should be able to do a stellar job of adapting it.
3949	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-14	I can't wait to see the Red Wedding on screen.  Mainly just because I have an increased dislike for show Robb.
3950	Jaxom 1974	2013-05-14	I don't think Talisa dies.  Mya suggests it's needed to streamline the television tale, where as I think her staying alive and being "out there" is going to be critical towards Jaime's future plot line,.much as in the story...
3951	int11	2013-05-15	I took a break to get a snack from the gas station. In the car I felt genuinely depressed. It only lasted for about an hour, but I've never had that experience from a piece of fiction before or since.
I actually don't remember any mental images of blood and gore. What really struck me was the fact that the two protagonists of my favorite POV were dying, along with my hope of a family reunion. I remember the music very vividly, though. I could hear it in my head, and it was inappropriately loud and noisy.
I feel the show creators have lessened the character of Robb and introduced a romantic relationship that I don't really care for. I only hope the scene will leave an impression on the non-readers beyond the horrific nature of the massacre.
This is the scene I look forward to the most. Especially to experience it together with my non-reader friends.
3952	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-15	Most vivid images from the red wedding?
-Robb and Catelyn having their final words together
-Catelyn going batshit crazy (this was horrifying to read)
-the Smalljon getting beheaded (call me crazy, but I seriously thought the northeners were Robbs loyal bannermen at first)
-the way they treated the bodies! This is probably my most vivid image. I will never get the image of robbs mutilation out of my head.
I remember when I read that a quarrel sprout from robbs side, rereading that paragraph multiple times to see if I read that correctly. Of course, when I continued reading, I realized that I hadnt misread. I remember feeling a deep sense of horror throughout the whole massacre, all the way to the end.
I saw this in a post earlier and I completely agree. I remember feeling as if I were zapped by an electrical outlet when roose put the sword in. And Catelyns subsequent downward spiral was very disturbing. I picked up on her self mutilation on the first readthrough.
But I think that all the book readers are secretly (or not so secretly) looking forward to the red wedding. We all want to see if they can capture the visceral brutality of it all. And of course we want to see the reactions of all the unsullied fans /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
I for one am probably gonna cry my eyes out if they do it correctly. And I don't think I will be able to look at my mother the same again after this episode airs /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
ETA: what happened to grey wind was heartbreaking as well. And seeing that the next chapter was headed arya really got the waterworks going.
					
					
							Edited by Fistful o' Dragons, 15 May 2013 - 06:08 AM.
3953	Gillio	2013-05-15	I got a really strong foreboding, from when they separated Rob and Grey Wind, but I was still shocked at the events as they unfolded. I was still crying when reading Arya's chapter, realizing she would not reunite with her family, as we had expected.
I'm not expecting half the impact from the show, I hope not too many unsullied are spoiled beforehand.
3954	Trident full of Dogs	2013-05-15	Definitely the image of Cat clawing at herself. Plus Rob calling for Grey Wind.Sorry to go slightly of topic, but does anyone (just follow me for a sec) think that a non book reader will see rob with a wolf's head and then jump to some crazy conclusion that he'll spring back to like as a wolf/man hybrid? I mean really if your a non book reader and your jumping to conclusions trying to be "that guy" who is always predicting the end of movies you could really jump to that conclusion especially in a show like this that is unpredictable. A little off topic but I didn't no where else to ask that question.What a coincidence. I just replied to another thread sayong exactly this, now I WANT  RobbWind/GreyRobb to spring to life and drive his enemies into insanity by the sight of him/them baring fangs and going after them. I want Roose Bolton to scream like a frat girl in a horror movie, until his brains give out. Lord Walder too but his heart will problably stop workimg before his marbles do, tha f*cker's too old.
3955	Nazurane	2013-05-15	Before I read ASoS I read somewhere that GRRM postponed writing the "Red Wedding" because it was too emotional for him. From that I knew something terrible was going to happen at some wedding. Therefore I thought I was somehow prepared. I read through the chapter and felt absolutely numbed out. There are these really horrific deaths but from my first reading I only remember how confused the scene got. As Catelyn begins to realize that something is wrong, so did I. I'm hoping that the show catches that feeling of dread. I don't remember much more from my first reading, I kind of read 'over' it, like when you avert your eyes from a violent scene in a movie.
I can see this going in different directions. Either they do it kind of artistically, with the drums getting louder and louder, then slow motion and/or silence over the killing. Or they do it in a more visceral way and the kind of realism, that you can't take your eyes of.
Because we have a more prominent Robb in the show, the focus will be not on Catelyn alone. 
To portray that feeling of dread I imagine there to be many close-ups and terrified looks between the characters.
I don't think there will be a Robb/Greywind image, at least not in the RW episode. It will be mentioned in KL, but I don't think and kind of hope, that we don't have to see it.
I think we will hear Roose Bolton say, that the Lannisters/Jamie sends his regards.
I'm looking forward to it, because I'm interested how well they translate it to the screen, but I will be at the edge of my seat,same as when reading the scene.
(sorry for any errors, english is not my first language)
3956	damano	2013-05-15	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?
I wasn't paying much attention to the clues GRRM was laying down before the wedding (if you do pay attention to them you'd feel something bad was going to happen) so as it happened I was in shock. At first I didn't understand the chainmail thing under his clothes but when the first bolt pierced Robb I was like "oh shit". Then I read and read and finished the chapter. I then closed the book and (I was alone in my house) just uttered "holy shit" about 10 times while looking around confused. Then I reopened the book because I saw the next chapter was about Arya so I wanted to know what was happening with her (since she was so close). I didn't throw the book or stop reading, I just had a good 'holy shit' moment.
The most vivid image for me was Cat slicing open jinglebell's throat. I just remember imagening her blood spattered just going over her options in her head and desperatly trying to strike a deal with lord Frey, when she "saws" his neck I was literally grabbing my own like oh shit, (and jinglebell's eyes rolling) and was actually glad that "someone put her out of her misery" at the end.
How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?
I think Robb or any of his bannermen's description would of been very similar to Cat's, we just had more with Cat since she basically was the last to bite the dust. If it was told from Frey's perspective, it would of been full of contempt and sniggering. I think a really interesting POV would of been that of Roslin. Because Roslin was crying and she knew what was about to go down, she knew it was wrong on so many levels (laws of hospitality, breaking bread) and she was a pawn in the whole disaster. She's definately scarred for like, her first and only wedding is the Red Wedding, and that'll be her trademark like Kingslayer is to jaime.
How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?
I don't think the show will be as gory as the book, even though I hope it would because it's one of the reasons the scene made such an impact, how brutal it was. I hope we can hear the song playing in the background. I really doubt the show will live up to the infamous RW, I mean ughh, camera is liek third person view and the books we are first person view and it just adds so much to the confusion and mayhem that I don't think show RW will be as hardcore as book RW.
I had a thought once where I imagined the show RW to play out in semi-slow motion with the Rains of Castamere playing as the only sounds the audience can hear and then we just watch the carnage in that slow motion madness. lol
How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?
I'm just looking forward ot it to see if they will mess it up or not.
3957	dansnow	2013-05-15	The moment I started to get worried was when all the more friendly frey's were mysteriously missing from the wedding and when Grey Wind snapped at the first frey they saw. When he was left outside I was terrified, just like when Ghost is locked up at the end of Dance. Whenever I think of the red wedding I think of Cat clawing at her eyes and saying how Ned loved her hair. 
I am not looking forward to seeing it, although I am interested in the reaction from my family and friends.
3958	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-15	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I knew it was coming but I got caught up in reading that I didn't even realize we were at a wedding. Therefore, the most vivid mental images I have of it is when Catelyn grabs that one guy's arm and realizes he has armor on and everything is going to shit. Also, Robb struggling to get up when Catelyn tells him to walk out of there.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?If it was from Walder Frey's point of view, I think it would have been very disturbing, because he would have been extremely satisfied with the payback of his house being spit on all those years.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I posted this somewhere else and I will repost it here.They can cut back and forth. So the music is playing and all that stuff is happening inside, while we see what's going on outside and Arya struggling against the hound. So Catelyn grabs whoever's throat she cuts and everyone stops, except for Robb struggling feebly to get up and walk. Catelyn says her "son for a son" thing while the drums keep going. Cut outside to Arya (where we can still hear the drums) struggling against the hound and wriggling away while everyone is fighting. Cut back to Walder's response and "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." Robb is stabbed, Catelyn cuts the person's throat, and we go back to Arya getting hit. Then go BACK to inside where someone is wrestling the knife away from Catelyn and she's crying and blubbering and grabbed by the hair by someone. She's sobbing and saying "not my hair, he loves my hair" and the infamous command is given. Her throat is cut and the screen goes black and we can just hear the drums. Then they play "Winterfell" from the soundtrack (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0U0X_wP0vMc). Cue mass hysteria.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am not looking forward to it because I just know the non-readers won't care as much about it. Robb is not likable at all, and there are no other northern lords to care about either.
3959	Tom son of Tom	2013-05-15	The musicians setting aside their instruments and pulling bows and crossbows is my strongest RW mental image !This. I pictured myself in Cat's shoes, looking up at these horrible "musicians" all night. Then suddenly looking up one last time to see them pointing a crossbow directly at me. It just gives me chills.Other things that have stuck in my mind:Grey Wind's head on Robb's body"Jaime Lannister sends his regards"How smug Walder Frey looked as he sat perfectly still in his chair, while all the chaos was happeningSmalljon decapitation
3960	Messiah X	2013-05-16	Most of my thoughts on the subject have already been stated, but I'll add a few things:
 Initial reactions and vivid images:
On my first read I thought "holy crap, that happened fast!" Not so much that it came totally out of left field, I knew something bad was going to happen when the Northerners went to the Twins well before they even arrived. I just didn't expect such a massacre. On my second reread all the signs seemed so much more apparent, although it was probably in part due to the fact that I knew what was coming. However I can honestly say that the first time I paid no mind to the signs: the bad musicians, separating Robb from Grey Wolf, etc. I was also so caught up in the massacre that it didn't even register at the time that it was Roose who personally slew Robb! The second reread was more careful and everything seemed so obvious.
As for vivid images, that has pretty much been covered by everyone - the musicians taking up their crossbows, the general slaughter of everyone, the desecration of the bodies, etc. But one thing that really always stood out was Walder's callous sarcasm. That line (I'm paraphrasing here) "Heh, it looks like I've killed some of your men. Maybe I should APOLOGIZE, that will make it all better" always seemed so cold and smug given the events that were taking place around him, as though it didn't even faze him.
Different point of view:
Never really thought about it, but I don't think another POV (other than Robb perhaps) could have really shown the horror. If the scene were shown from one of the perpetrators it just would have been obvious from the start, but it might be interesting to see how some of them dealt with justifying it to themselves.
On screen:
I think we will have several scenes of the wedding itself, with the massacre itself saved for the last few minutes. I don't think they will skimp much on the gore. The number of unnamed northerners will probably equal the actual characters from the books, but "red shirts" just don't have the same impact. I do think they will put more emphasis on Robb's death than the others since the show kind of shifted the Catelyn POV to a Robb POV. Other than that, I think they will dramatize the beginning of the massacre a bit more instead of everything happening so suddenly. Rains of Castamere will begin playing and we'll see the shock of the northerners as they are surrounded by armed soldiers before the killing actually begins. I am kind of afraid that they will not show the desecration of the bodies.
What am I looking forward to:
Reactions, as everyone else has said. In a slightly masochistic way I am looking forward to how they portray it on screen and will probably be eager with anticipation throughout the entire episode. But mainly I'm looking forward to my parents calling me after the show to say "Oh my god, did that just happen?" I disagree that non-readers won't be impacted by it. Maybe they don't care as much about Robb the character, but there are plenty of readers who consider him the "good guy to root for." Non-readers who are waiting for Robb to avenge his father and defeat Joffrey and the evil Lannisters in some more cliche narrative way will have their expectations shattered.
3961	Dysun	2013-05-16	I had to put the book down for about 20 minutes and compose myself. It was so jarring, it was literally surreal. I didn't want to accept what I had just read
3962	So1ar	2013-05-16	not my hair! ned loved my hair!
3963	Brian Kalinka	2013-05-16	I don't know why but the one thing I look forward to the most in this scene, and I hope they have him say this line, is "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".
3964	The Carrier of All Plagues	2013-05-16	I remember on my first read of the book, I was looking for the Northmen attack to the Ironborn and I was reading fast the wedding part. I was expecting for some humiliation from Walder Frey to Robb but that's all. I was curious for the Roose actions when he let Jamie free but I was expecting different type of treason later not this. 
So when I read the Red Wedding I was shocked and had to reread the whole chapter. Then it stroke me as a certainty and a wonder for the reason of this and for the future of the story. The different images started to come when I was reading the events after the Wedding. 
The king of the North body with a wolf head is the stronest image. So fitting. The Winter must look similar to this. As a sign Winter is Coming. 
And then the Uncat. As a tormented spirit of vengeance. 
For the show I quite looking forward for this scene hoping to clarify a lot of future events.
3965	Aegnor	2013-05-16	1) What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Absolute shock and horror. Like many others have mentioned, I threw my Kindle across the room. The most vivid images are two in particular. Catelyn slapping Edwyn Frey, Robb Standing up and immediately getting hit by a quarrel. That right there is the point where this oppressive feeling of dread that I had been feeling (that I didn't really understand) suddenly crystallized and I realized that everything was going to hell. The other scene is Cat and the 10 fierce ravens. That image will stick with me.2) How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I don't think it would have been near as effective from any other viewpoint. The overwhelming feeling of loss that Catelyn felt as she saw the last (as far as she knew) of her children die. Devastating.3) How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I don't know. I wonder how much they will show. How much of the thoughts she has will they verbalize (Don't cut my hair...). I am disappointed that they didn't retain the actor that plays Greatjon Umber. I know he's not the one that dies at the wedding (Smalljon) but we really need someone who was established as one of his big supporters get killed during the beginning of scene, rather than a bunch of extras.4) How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Am I looking forward to it? That seems the wrong word, though I can't think of what the right word is. I definitely expect it to consume my thoughts that weekend (and maybe even the entire week prior).I am looking forward to the reactions of others who haven't read the books.
3966	Dragonstoned	2013-05-16	Nice project title!What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?As I was reading it I can't remember what I was thinking.  But I remember that after I read it I had to lie down for about 20 minutes to process what I'd just seen.  Surprisingly I don't have any particularly vivid mental images as the whole thing was so dramatic and chaotic it blurs in my mind.Actually the moment when Robb is hit by the first quarrel and you clock what's happening, also the description of Robb after he emerges from under the table with the three crossbow bolts in him is strong.  So too Catelyn's words: <U+0080><U+009C>It hurts so much, she thought. Our children, Ned, all our sweet babes. Rickon, Bran, Arya, Sansa, Robb<U+0080> Robb<U+0080> please, Ned, please, make it stop, make it stop hurting<U+0080><U+0080><U+009D>How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I guess Walder Frey's point of view would have been interesting? As he is the main surveyor besides Cat, everyone else is killing or being killed.  It couldn't be Robb as the wounds and pain would have distorted the perspective.  I don't think think it could have been anyone other than Cat describing the massacre in the hall, because the emotional impact upon her is just so colossal.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Not sure how they will handle the start of the wedding when everything seems fine.  Expect the denouement to be chaotic and dramatic as it reads on the page.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Really looking forward to it with that sense of morbid curiosity.  Although I know that after I watch it, I will feel a sense of loss in not being able to see it again for the first time.edit: the thing that got me the most about the RW was the senseless slaughter; obviously Robb had to die and Catelyn too after she went mad, but the other victims e.g. Wendel, Dacey were killed for the sake of it; the senseless slaughter and also the helplessness of the Greatjon, Greywind, the brief moments where it looks like they're rescued, so when the northmen come in and take the Smalljon's head off
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 16 May 2013 - 06:32 PM.
3967	GeorgeIAF	2013-05-17	1) What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Absolute shock and disgust, i had a feeling something is wrong from the moment when Greywind was separated from Robb and didnt like the Freys, that was the first sign something will not go so well. But for me maybe the worst was them being captured or something like that, i was shocked when the arrows hit Robb, then i hoped they will save themselves when Smalljon crashes the table to save Robb, but in the end i threw the book and stared at the wall trying to realise what i have just read. Also the gruesome details afterwards shocked me as well, developing a hatred for every Frey in the show, even though maybe some werent aware of the treason. Then in every scene when a Frey gets mocked or killed i felt a sense of justice, the best scene was with Manderly and the 3 Freys that come before him, and of course Wylla's sepeech.2) How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I dont think it would have been better than seeing the massacre from the eyes of Catelyn, there is nothing more devastating than a mother seeing his child die before her eyes.3) How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I was hoping they will introduce to us more bannermen for Robb, really dissapointed they have let out Greatjon Umber, his loyalty for Robb really stood up for me in the books. I hope they will at least have Smalljon trying to save Robb, giving his life for him. Maybe they will introduce Wendel Manderly in his place or smth like that. Anyway i think it will be the most shocking scene after Ned's beheading, and i expect them to play a more creepier version of the Rains of Castamere.4) How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I think i will think of it all the week prior to the episode's airing, for me when i read the books, i was trying to imagine how it will look on TV, and now we will finally get to see it.Also i'm really looking forward to see the reactions of the unsullied, i bet they will be in more shock than Ned's beheading scene.
3968	The Fourth Head	2013-05-17	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene? I was alerted, obviously by Grey Wind's reaction before entering the twins, but I felt reassured that due security measures had been taken. I was really slow to cotton on to the danger as I was just as convinced about the sacrosanctity of guest-right as the Northerners were (how naieve!) and I couldn't imagine how anything really bad could happen. Cat was ahead of me in figuring out the significance of the "Rains of Castamere" song- I didn't twig that by playing this song, it meant that betrayal was looming. In that sense, I was a total passenger struggling to keep up as events rapidly unfolded.I had to keep taking pauses. I was set for a long reading session, but I had to stop at the end of the chapter and sit back, open mouthed, catatonic, to reflect and let it all soak in. Reading "Arya" was like mental torture, despite already feeling deeply disturbed- when she got hit, and I believed her dead, I have never reached such a pit of horrified depression in my life. Discovering what they did to Robb's body scarred me. I have never read anything that had such a profound effect on me, and I was in a bit of a daze for days. I felt emotionally numb reading the end of ASOS/AFFC/ADWD. The strongest emotion I felt during subsequent books was moral outrage and hate towards the freys, which in some ways I guess was the whole point- how to transform a well intentioned reader into a joyless bloodthirsty one on the same emotional level as Lady Stoneheart. I hope this isn't the way all the Starks are going, though if they are, I'm sure GRRM will try and get us all on board with them with vengeful icy hearts.What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?1) Grey Wind's head on Robb's body2) Catelyn cutting Jinglebell's throat- to be driven to such an outrageously immoral act was the greatest tragedy for me- a reflection of the power of the horror. As she was assassinating Jinglebells she was assassinating her own morality.3) Catelyn tearing her face apart4) The upturned table with Robb behind it, thinking desperately how he could get out of this, but not really believing any more that he could.5) Walder's Face, looking on greedily.Surprisingly, Roose's role made little impression on me. Bizzarely, I think the fact that he was sweating earlier invoked sympathy, and the Frey's were so obviously a target for my loathing due to their gleeful/truculent attitude that I had so little hatred to spare. The actual sword-through-the-heart moment made little emotional impact for me. It was like reading a fact. It was almost anticlimatic in the sense that I was already convinced it was over. (given how deliberately planned it had been by the Freys- they were hardly going to back out based on Cat's pleading) I also felt it was anticlimatic because it denied Ned his "justice" and denied us the Lannister face off I had fully expected. Although he looked like losing, Robb could at least have died in a duel with Jamie or something. Instead we have an ignominous betrayal at the hands of a secondary character, and apparently fuelled by no emotional antagonism.so in that sense, the RW was a climatic anti-climax.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I think Catelyn's POV was the best at conveying the horror. To view it from Walder Frey's angle would have been deeply insidious. Robb's would have more sudden and in-your-face, more central, but that POV would have missed other events going on around him. Jon's stabbing from his own POV felt more like shock- had it been seen through Melisandre's eyes, it would have more felt like torture. Catelyn's was the most painful POV because we look through the eyes of a mother at her son dying infront of her, the powerlessness of it, and we witness first hand the emotional impact that has on her.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Roose was greyer than grey in the books before the RW. He was a nobody in my mind. The show has made a big deal of "Boy". I think a cutaway "reveal" scene with "Boy" just prior to the moment things turn in the RW will give fans just enough foreshadowing as the music kicks in, and will lmake Roose's role far more emotionally poignant. I'm struggling to imagine how they will include the aftermath, whether Roose and Walder will talk after, whether they will dwell on the carnege, and show the stitching of Grey wind's head to Robb's body. Its very important, but shows like to end on cliffhangers. The casting of jinglebells will re-shape the scene massively from how it appears in my head.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am not looking forward to it in a happy sense, but I still can't wait for it to come around. Why? I don't know. I have no taste for blood or violence. I have no phobia of gore, but I find seeing fictional characters suffering just as distressing as most people. I am disinterested by mindlessly violent RPG games, and I have no sadistic streak.So why? I guess it's largely curiosity, perhaps a thirst for dramatic entertainment overriding my distaste for horror. By reading such a horrific scene, and having to imagine it in my head, it made me an active participant. Perhaps its a form of therapy seeing someone else depict it, put it out there for others, to get the images unbottled and shared with others? There is another aspect which is the whole "haha! I knew this was coming and you didn't!" and there is the whole "isn't this show so unmissable?" message it gives out to unconvinced friends that "this is why I love it so" which is quite macabre, and probably paints me in a much worse light than intended! A case of vindication with bad side effects! Never the less, there is something thrillingly unexpected and original about the RW which has enormous artistic and creative value, regardless of how dark it is. It so cool, in the sense that it will fearlessly depict events that are so "uncool" and as such, go beyond what we are used to or expect, which as a form of intelligent life, we are programmed to respond with fascination towards the unexpected, towards fresh experiences, or fresh thinking as a way of learning how we can improve ourselves- or how we can avoid mistakes.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 17 May 2013 - 03:42 AM.
3969	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	"Hope blew out like a candle in a storm"
I remember feeling that exact way once the smalljons head got cut off.
3970	jimmca	2013-05-17	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Initially, I was shocked. There was an oddness to the wedding that made me suspicious but I didn't expect Robb and Cat to die. When it becomes apparent that this is going to be a massacre, I had to take breaks in between paragraphs, put the book down for a minute so I could pace and wrap my head around what Martin was doing. It was the most intense experience I've ever had reading. My most vivid mental image is simply Roose Bolton standing over Robb, putting his sword through Robb's heart and telling him "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." Yeah, that's what plenty of people will say, but it stuck with me, especially because it's through poor Catelyn's eyes that we are viewing the scene. Also, lots of people took a break and I understand, but I was kinda the opposite seeing that Arya was next. I had to immediately know what would happen to her as she approached the Twins.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Cat's POV was particularly effective. Arya's chapter was terrific as well. I'm not sure anyone else could have had made the scene any better. Cat and Arya are the only POV characters that were there and that Martin had established so it would have taken me a little aback to have Robb's first POV as his death scene. And a Frey or Bolton POV...nah.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?It's gonna be difficult to match the book, but I think they may be able to pull it off. They have to make the wedding seem odd at first and get the audience a little suspicious. Get a nice eerie atmosphere going. Make the band play loud and terrible to make everything uncomfortable. Once Roose Bolton initially leaves the table, then you bring on the horror, specifically focusing on Cat and how she's perceiving everything.The only problem I have with the show's handling of this storyline (and maybe this is just me knowing Robb's doom)  is that if I were a show viewer only, I would know Robb is in serious trouble. With the pregnancy, and the recent scene of him and Talisa talking about how happy they were going to be...It's all just cues for the discerning viewer that tragedy is about to strike. It's similar to the handling of Jon/Ygritte (though one could say that that tragic end was just as apparent in the book as in the show).How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?If this is pulled off right, and I am optimistic that they will pull it off, then it will be the scene of the series. It's intense, emotional, shocking. Hell, if depicted right, it could even be horrifyingly beautiful. I'm also sadistically excited to see the fallout in terms of fan reactions. I'm ready for it and they're probably not lol. So yeah, this should be fun.
3971	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-17	The bad musicians was always very, very vivid in my head, I had this idea of a horrible sounding discordant noise...something is just NOT. RIGHT. I shouldn't shake that feeling throughout the whole of the scene BEFORE we get to the massacre. 
In the show I'd like them to really emphasise this horrible atmosphere and to begin this with Grey Wind's reaction, Catelyn looking very alarmed and worried, Robb looking anxious and then all pausing for a bit, only to reluctantly continue as by Guest Rights they should not have been able to hurt them.
The last line ''Ned loves my hair'' and Catelyn clawing her face with blood all over her after seeing Roose Bolton stab (to her) her last Son really is horrible and resonated with me.
3972	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-17	My reaction was sheer horror, I had to throw the book to the side as well. Never because I was going to ''stop reading'' all together, I knew I'd continue, but because I needed some time to handle exactly what happened. I then picked up the book and rushed through all the chapter titles to see if there were any more Cat chapters and then I had a big old cry. 
As everyone has already said, Robb with Grey Wind's head is going to be a horrible, horrible but POWERFUL image.
3973	Daphne23	2013-05-17	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  I'm deeply invested in Catelyn as a character and already felt her grief and pain over losing four of her five children. When I read the description of Robb's death, I was so devastated, both for her and for the loss of the Stark hopes, that I put the book down. I then had the joy of picking it up again to read the next paragraph and find that Catelyn, my absolute favourite character, was also killed. The following Arya chapter, however, made very little impact on me because it seemed obvious from the way her 'death' was described that she was in fact unharmed.What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Whenever I think of the Red Wedding, I see Catelyn standing in front of Walder Frey who is seated on a throne (I know I've added this detail - it must be a chair in the books!) holding Jinglebell hostage and desperately trying to seek a solution before Robb is killed. I see this as the 'still' moment in the scene before Robb is murdered and Catelyn loses her mind, so it's always the scene I see when I'm trying to visualise it. The very end of the scene is unclear to me because Catelyn is obviously unable to observe accurately.&#8232;&#8232;How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?&#8232;&#8232;I don't think it would have been half the scene it is if described from any other point of view other than Cat's (I don't really see the Arya chapters as part of the 'Red Wedding', per se, so I'll leave that out). For me, Cat's tragic horror and grief at losing all five of her children is what makes it the scene it is. I have often wondered how those who 'hate' Cat can experience the same emotional impact reading the scene.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?&#8232;&#8232;I'm pretty worried. For me, Catelyn has to be the central character of the scene, but given adaptation trends so far, this seems extremely unlikely, especially as Talisa will be present. Her attempted bargain with Walder Frey is the heart of the scene for me, but I'm not even sure that will happen. I imagine there will be much more focus on Robb and Talisa and less on Catelyn. I also think it will be much gorier on screen, which seems a strange thing to say because it's pretty gory in the books, but I think the TV series will really play up the gore. In the books, despite the violence, the focus isn't really on graphic descriptions of Robb being stabbed through the heart or Catelyn's throat being cut, but more the emotional impact of these events, and I'm worried that the scene will be too gory, distracting from the emotion.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I don't really do gore, so I may not watch a lot of it! However, I'm still looking forward to finding out how they do adapt it and the reactions of non book readers.
3974	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-05-17	As i wrote in another thread, the RW surprised me a lot because my imagination was already at Moat Cailin with Robb taking North back, flaying Theon etc. It's a nice thing about GRRM that most of the shock scenes catch characters in the middle of some other plans which makes it more realistic and catches the reader even more unprepared. That being said, i never like Robb/Catelyn that much, after the initial surprise i got over it easily. Some people on the boards were devastated from what i've read /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3975	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-05-17	The most stand-out moments for me were when someone (forgot who) puts his sword through Robb's heart "and twisted," and the point when Cat actually cut Jinglebell's throat.  Those were both "points of no return" that I REALLY didn't think were going to happen until they actually happened.  Even as I kept reading, part of my brain was looking for a work-around possibility that maybe they hadn't happened after all. I don't remember being angry about it, just sad and really floored.
It kind of has this crazy "bottomless pit" effect because the minute they arrive and Grey Wind lunges at one of the Freys you know something is up, and as Cat observes little things that are off you become pretty damn sure somthing is going to go down.  But GRRM does a really good job of dropping red herrings that it's going to be some kind of gauntlet-throwing, semi-spontaneous smackdown between Robb and Lord Frey.  I was thinking there would be some small-scale violence followed by Robb loosing the Freys yet again and having to start from scratch.
But then at the banquet you realize there is a plot afoot.  Soldiers come in, the band attacks, but Robb's men aren't too drunk and seem to be holding their own.  I wasn't sure how they'd fight their way out, but I was pretty sure they would.  Dacey goes down.  Sad, I liked her.  Robb gets hit with a crossbow bolt or three--no big, he's taken arrows before, this can still turn around.  When Cat grabbed Jinglbell and started negotiating I thought it would work, or at least that the Frey's would take Robb and Cat prisoner instead of killing them.  THEN ROBB DIES.  What?  Wait....what?  No way, really??? (Re-read two or three times to make sure)  Huh, yeah, he's really dead.  Sad--poor Cat, loosing another kid.
Well, that's that.  Surely now the party is over, everyone else will be rounded up and dumped in the dungeon.  Because clearly that's the centerpiece of a scene like this.  And Cat would never really---WOAH, what?  Cat just actually killed a mentally challenged guy? What???  Well, now they'll grab her and dungeon her for sure...wait, where did the birds come from?  OH, not really bird claws...yikes...how much further downhill can this even go?
I think I cried a little at the "not my hair, Ned loves my hair," bit.  But I don't think I really believed Cat was dead until Arya did, via the Nymeria dream.
I definitely thought Grey Wind got out until I heard about his head and Robb...well, actually I didn't believe that either until I heard it from a few sources, and then got Bran confirmation that Grey Wind was out of the picture.
How would it have been different from another perspective?  Well, I am a big Cat fan.  I don't love everything she does, but I do love her character, so I think having her perspective made it the worst possible thing.  I really only cared about Robb because Cat did, and I REALLY thought Cat and Arya were going to reunite.  Cat's perspective was heartbreaking in a way that I don't think another perspective would have been.  Any of Robb's bannermen would have been interesting, but having a sudden new POV character would have tipped us off that he/she was going to die, and a lot of them died before Robb.  Everyone else at the wedding knew what was going to happen, so it would have been a big spoiler.  Although, I think having Roslin Frey's perspective in addition to Cat's would have been interesting, especially if her narration didn't spoil the event because it was all so terrible she couldn't bring herself to think about it.  Her going upstairs, hearing the music, making love to Edmure while trying not to think about downstairs, then coming back down to the carnage, thinking how much she was coerced and how terrible she feels about all of it, especially now that she thinks Edmure is a pretty good guy....that would have been intense.
As for how much I'm looking forward to it and how I think it'll be adapted on screen...well, I was looking forward to Theon's on-screen arc a lot, but D&D have taught me to be careful what I wish for.  Things that are gritty and graphic but within the realm of enjoyability on the page can be really horrible and off-putting on the screen.  Thinking about the RW, I find myself thinking "oh god I hope they don't show that part" a lot more than I find myself thinking how dramatic and tragic it will be.  I guess basically what I'm hoping for is that it comes across as a tragedy rather than a horror show.  And I REALLY hope the head switching isn't shown.
EDIT:  When Arya was hit in the head my first thought was "NO WAY YOU HAVE GO TO BE KIDDING ME.  If Arya is dead I AM OUT."  So I skipped ahead for more Arya chapters, realized she wasn't, and kept going.
					
					
							Edited by Smaug the Dreadful, 17 May 2013 - 04:50 PM.
3976	WhineHaus	2013-05-17	My initial reaction was dread and hopelessness. I felt as though I was grieving for Catelyn the most, because she had to watch her son be murdered, she watched everyone die, and it only added to the amount of desperation she was already feeling. When Catelyn went crazy, it was the most profound moment. Psychotically holding a knife to Jinglebell's throat -- then slicing it -- was the most tragic image for me.
On screen, I feel like Catelyn will be the last one standing amid the bloodbath. The music will stop, and we'll only hear the wailing of Catelyn Stark. I am both dreading and looking forward to her final monologue. I also have a feeling that Catelyn will spot Arya before she is killed, very similarly to the way Ned saw Arya before he was beheaded. If I remember correctly, Ned Stark never spotted Arya, but it worked well on screen. I hope Catelyn sees Arya one last time.
3977	Filleted Man	2013-05-17	When I was first reading the Catelyn chapters it was about 1 a.m. and I was trying to get through the rest of the book my morning (I read very fast) Because of this I didn't see anything coming, at all. I remember thinking that the final Catelyn chapter was just really boring and I couldn't wait for it to be over. I was a big Robb fan, and although I expected him to die, I expected a more heroic death. When it finally started happening I was more shocked than anything else, and read through that whole chapter without really even realizing what was happening. Eventually after I finished I just put the book down and spent about fifteen minutes just sitting there thinking over what had happened. 
After I had finally absorbed it the only image I could conjure up was that of Robb dying on the floor with 3 cross bow bolts in him, as Roose approached. I always saw this through Catelyn's eyes, and although I'm not actually really sure where in the room it was, but I imagined him alone in the very center of the room, with crossbowmen on a large terrace like thing to his left. 
After that I read the Arya chapter. At first I didn't notice it was the hound that had rode her down, I thought it was just some random Frey. Arya being my favorite character, I flipped through all the pages until I found the next Arya chapter, just to see if she was alive.
3978	Ygrette	2013-05-18	Oh gods, oh gods.For one, I am not usual an emotional reader. I have read tons of fiction including the fantasy genre, so I am not easily impressed to begin with. I read Lord of The Rings without ever shedding a tear. I never cried during a Disney movie when I was older than 10 years. However, that one... I am crying right now as I type this. The pure imagination of the whole thing is horrifying and the knowledge that there is nothing I can do to prevent it from happening hurts me.When I first read the scene I was in the middle of the forest with my dogs, walking and listening to the audiobooks on headphones. When I read the first sign that "something was wrong" I stopped walking and as the events progressed I had to sit down. When Robb was killed I yelled at the top of my lungs and sat down crying. By far the worst scene was yet to come, Cat's death struck me hardest and after her death I sat there in the forest, crying for at least... I don't know but surely half an hour. I could barely walk home and did not touch the book/audiobook (I had both) again until two days later. Then I read about Arya ("axe hit her in the back of her head"), firmly assumed she was dead and had a similar reaction and went to read spoilers to find out if she lives.Phew. So that's that.It was the single most intense reaction I have ever had in my whole life from any kind of fiction, be it movie or literature. I am 37 years old.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or AryaDepends very much on their role I guess. But I sure know I wouldn't ever want to read it from the perspective of one of the traitors.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?It will get gradually worse, from the second the watcher knows something is wrong until the bloody massacring of Cat, Robb, Grey Wind, The greatjon and all of their followers. There will be a lot of blood. And Michelle Fairley is going to be awesome. And I am going to cry for two days in a row and going to lock myself in my bedroom.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why? I am scared to death. I don't want to watch it at all. I am considering skipping it, but I feel I "have to". I am definitely not happy about it and not even curious. I just want to get it "behind me". I have some faint hope that they are going to make it less dramatic than in the books, quicker... less gruesome... less horrifying. But I fear the opposite. They even made me feel for Theon and I used to dislike him a lot.
3979	Gillio	2013-05-18	on the point of "looking forward" to the scene.I think, for me,  its more a thought that some points from the books just Have to be there in the TV show (except, of course, that already some havent!!)RW definitely has to be there, and it needs to be pretty much as per the books.
3980	TheDarkEye	2013-05-18	I think this episode should end with thw showing of the RD outcomes. After Arya's "death" (which I think should be kept in secret, reaviling the Arya is alive only in the next season. so the impact of this episode on the watchers would be priceless by all means), they should give us a vast view on the sluaghter in the camps, afterwards the wedding-hall with al the corpses with Robb sitting on a throne high above with Grey-Wind's head (and the crown, I never understood why they never gave Robb a crown in the serie), and after that they should end it with Cat's naked body thrown to the river. All the while The Rains Of Castamere played in the background.
3981	Pixi Penrose	2013-05-18	RW was the point where I threw the book at the wall. It was heartwrenching to read. I haven't watched this season as closely as the first two, because I'm just waiting for the RW to get over with.
At the same time I'm really curious to see how they will pull it iff on screen. Willthey actualy show us Robb with the head of Greywind??? It's such an iconographic image for us readers, and terrible as it is,I Think  it would be wrong to leave it out. Not sure I can watch it though..
After writing this,I read the rest of the thread. It's really nice to know,that I'm not alone in having such a strong reaction to this scene. Thanks for sharing!
					
					
							Edited by Pixi Penrose, 18 May 2013 - 07:41 AM.
3982	sati	2013-05-18	RW was the point where I threw the book at the wall. It was heartwrenching to read. I haven't watched this season as closely as the first two, because I'm just waiting for the RW to get over with.At the same time I'm really curious to see how they will pull it iff on screen. Willthey actualy show us Robb with the head of Greywind??? It's such an iconographic image for us readers, and terrible as it is,I Think  it would be wrong to leave it out. Not sure I can watch it though..After writing this,I read the rest of the thread. It's really nice to know,that I'm not alone in having such a strong reaction to this scene. Thanks for sharing!Set report confirmed the head thing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3983	tmug	2013-05-18	For some reason, I always pictured the RW being held outdoors because of Arya's perspective when she and the Hound show up. I think that will have more impact on people then Cat and Robb and co. She spent all this time and effort to get back to her family after her father's beheaded only to get there after everything has happened. As interested as I am seeing how Cat pulls it off, Arya should have an even more tragic feeling. 
This is how i see it played out cinematically:
Cat will be uneasy the whole time with the Freys. Blackfish will reinforce those feelings but some reason, he won't be at the RW. We all know what Rains of Castamere sounds like at this point. That will be the backing music while this whole farce takes off. Cat tries to leave but is held up, she notices the chainmail and then bam. She turns around and the Freys have Talisa at knife point, Robb is held down as they take her away. Robb screams, screaming for Grey Wind as well. The Freys drag in Grey Winds corspe filled with arrows. Cat sees this and grabs one of Walder's wives at knife point. Cat begs for mercy, Walder mocks Cat and his own wife. Then cut to a closeup to a pair of boots walking in the place with a soft spoken, "The Lannisters send their regard." Then we see Roose do his thing to Robb. Cat out of anger slits the throat of the wife and then one of Walders sons does Cat while she sobs over Robb.
I doubt we will see Robb's corpse afterwards. I like the idea that news about the RW spreads and people will have different recounts of the actual events. Some will say Robb turned into his wolf and tried to murder everyone, others will correct them saying they merely sewed the boy's wolf's head to his body. 
Not sure about Talisa and the Blackfish. I can easily see the Blackfish go down in a blaze of glory as well. Taking out a bunch of Freys along the way. Talisa is the wild card for book readers. Something to keep us on our toes because we all know how the RW plays out. Talisa is the person we don't know what will happen to and to keep us watching and talking. I would personally like to see her go the way of Cat but I think Talisa is a wuss. Roose could end up telling her to attend to all the corpses afterwards, that would be so cruel.
3984	Faceless Sam	2013-05-18	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?mainly: "wait, what? "i kind of had fallen into a trance-like condition, reading over all the descriptions of food, food and more food when suddenly i chimed back in consciously and realized people were being killed. so i skimmed back a few paragraphs to find out what exactly was happening. most vivid image is probably cat having her throat cut.also, rob with the wolf's had sewn on, but that was mentioned in a later chapter, if i remember correctly.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?whose exactly? roose's point of view (aor anyone's who was in on it) probably would have taken a lot of the surprise out of it, relying on anticipation for building suspense. the classic hitchcock way, so to say.anyone at the wedding not knowing would have kept the twist element, but taken out the very personal emotional component regarding robb.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?tough to say.there will be anticipation of something going to happen among tv viewers, if only because it's the 9th episode. generally i expect it to look almost as described in catelyn's chapter. people eat and eat and eat and talk drunken crap, band plays badly, everyone has a laugh and bam, crossbow arrows fly, roose kills robb, lannisters send their regards, cat kills someone, then has her throat cut.dont know whether they will show robb with the wolf head.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?well, it's  the climax of the season, so i am looking forward to it. i do expect it to be rather true to the book, but seeing the tv version of course givres the opportunity to compare my own mental images with those produced for tv. looking forward to that.also, the reaction of all the people i know who havent read the books. schadenfreude, basically.and i really hope they show robb with the wolf head.
3985	LilJonUmber	2013-05-18	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  I had a similar physical reaction to most:  I threw the book across the room in disgust and utter disbelief. This was followed by a bit of pacing around to collect my thoughts. But within minutes, I retrieved it and re-read the chapter to make sure that what just happened did, in fact, actually happen.What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?The image of Cat realizing that Edwyn was rockin' the chain mail underneath his garb always stuck out.  And the gory imagery of her scraping the flesh off of her face (which, admittedly, I didn't grasp upon first read) would have to be a close 2nd.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It was perfectly chaotic and disturbing, as was intended. I wouldn't change a thing, and don't see how you could with those in attendance of the RW.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?D&D have alluded to this scene being the impetus for their quest to adapt ASOIAF to television.  They've clearly taken every precaution, and chopped out many scenes and lines from the show, in preparation of it.  I trust that they'll make it one of the more memorable scenes in the history of television -- if not the most memorable.  But at the very least it'll be gruesome and potentially polarizing.	  How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Say what you will about Robb and Cat, but they're good people.  And in a world devoid of such, it's going to be gut-wrenching to see them suffer such a cruel fate at the hands of such a slimy, perverted creep.  So, if anything, I'm looking forward to the reaction of my Unsullied friends; not so much for my own viewing pleasure.  Although, I am somewhat curious to see how the scene stacks up against what I'd pictured in my mind's eye.
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 18 May 2013 - 01:58 PM.
3986	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-18	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  I was expecting something bad to happen but was shocked at the brutality of it. I had heard a mention of the term 'Red Wedding' prior to reading ASOS but assumed it would happen at the end of the book. Was sad for Catelyn but particularly sad for Robb. The loss of the Northern resistance was also upsetting but at the same time I was incredibly impressed by the writing of the chapters in the book. In the next chapter, i knew immediately that Arya was not dead. What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?The most powerful image for me is Catelyn's throat being cut - and the desolation she has thinking that everyone in her family is dead. Heartbreaking. Next most powerful is the man in armour stabbing Robb and saying 'Jaime Lannister sends his regards'. I had been suspecting a Bolton betrayal but whilst reading the chapter for the first time I didn't make the connection that the man in pink was Bolton. Prior to the wedding, Ghost getting angry was extremely vivid, as was Ghost sowed onto Robb post-Red wedding.&#8232;&#8232;How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?&#8232;&#8232;Would have been a lot worse. The scene through Cat's eyes was devastating as you realise she has lost her whole family. Arya's was also a powerful chapter. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?&#8232;&#8232;Not sure but imagine it will be similar to the books. Worried they will place emphasis on Talisa rather than Catelyn. Don't like Talisa in the show and so any time spent with her is time wasted in my book.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Looking forward to it a lot. It's a very powerful and sad scene whilst also being the logical culmination of a series of mistakes made by Robb, Catelyn and the North. Watching it unfold will really make me empathise with the characters. Also, I look forward to seeing non-reader reactions to see if they are like how I felt when I read the books.
3987	Flame and Shadow	2013-05-18	I<U+0080><U+0099>d like us to use this thread to discuss our mental images of the Red Wedding before it is screened.  I<U+0080><U+0099>d be especially interested if you could tell me about:What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?1. I was confused about what was going on. Finished the chapter, blinked, and then read it again from the beginning to see if I'd got it right. That's when the "HOLY SHIT" part kicked in.Two things stuck out to me among many others: first, the description of the food, which sounded truly nauseating. Second, Cat at the end, raking her nails down her face.2. I think this scene would be doubly terrifying coming from Walder Frey's perspective. I'd love to see his sly, salacious anticipation come to fruition.3. I don't know. They'll probably start off with a strange sense of disquiet but with no real hint of the enormity that's about to unfold, then a brief moment of respite with the raucous cheer of the bedding ... and finally, that one song will play, and bam, bloodbath.4. I can barely wait to see it. First, my boyfriend has no idea what's going to happen so I'm looking forward to his reaction. Second, this is pretty much the most dramatic scene in the entire series and I need to see what the show makes of it. Third, I'm wondering how they are going to resolve the Talisa situation, since she represents a significant deviation from the books.
3988	scurvy	2013-05-18	I read it shocked, but when I got to "No, not my hair, Ned loves my hair" I lost it.  She had been through so much, Bran becomng crippled, losing her husband, believing she lost her two youngest sons, having her two daughters held captive, and now to witness her oldest son murdered in front of her face.  Absolutely devastating.  It seemed like she had a psychological dissociation caused by the shock/stress of the situation.The other lasting image I had was the Smalljon fighting with quarrels stuck in him and killing at least one Frey with his bear hands trying to get to Robb's side.  The cutting out of the Umbers is a huge loss on the show.
3989	Red Raven	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I was surprised at the scope of the brutality.  They didn't just go after Robb and Cat and a few of the other key players, they tried to slaughter everyone in both castles and outside.  It was an absolute bloodbath.  Plus they violated an ancient custom, the consequences of which is recited in a horror story everyone knows (Rat Cook).  That made it even more squicky.Vivid images:  the ominous feeling leading up to it - Grey Wind being nervous, the creepy pounding of the drums, Cat noticing certain people slipping out, the chain mail beneath the tunic.  As it happened, Cat saying the blood tickled and then being worried about her hair.  The odd things that enter one's mind as they die.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Probably frantic glee by most of the Freys, proud to have taken revenge.  A cold, matter-of-fact recital by Bolton.  Neither one would have had the emotional impact or the level of interest that Cat and Arya's POVs had.  The right people were picked to narrate.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?andHow much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I'm really looking forward to this because it was such an important scene in the books.I hope it's every bit the bloodbath it was in the books, I'm concerned it will be watered down and rendered too "small."  This was a massive violation of an ancient taboo and I hope that comes across in the TV story.
					
					
							Edited by Red Raven, 20 May 2013 - 12:10 AM.
3990	King of the Road	2013-05-19	Set report confirmed the head thing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Really? Where did you read that? That'd be a nice little touch if they kept it in, it's not essential but it would be great to see on screen.
3991	Gendels Children	2013-05-19	its a very interesting and intense emotional journey one sets out to when reading this particular chapter. I my self have a very strong imagination (at night I have highly intricate and vivid dreams) so reading books from such fantastic writers such as GRRM is always an amazing experience, as one barely needs to have a great imagination to see this world jump out from the pages and spring to life. I think the hardest part of this sequence is the perspective we receive it from. Cat, a strong woman, a fiercely loving mother and wife, who has witnessed and experienced hardships many people in the real world could barely fathom. Cat has experienced more trauma, fear, guilt and anguish then many characters we encounter also. she has witnessed her whole family crumble, break and die before her very eyes. but she must move on with every obstacle thrown her way she becomes heavily emotionally wounded, but we see her push through time and time again, no mother ever want to out live her children, but at this point she believes she has lost at least three of them, and her beloved husband, murdered in a situation she was unable to prevent or save. but she continues on, the pain an ever present companion inside her that she can never let out, so many times she wants to break down but does not. with this Wedding we see her pushed over the edge, she is taken way past her boiling point and driven into a state of madness from the scene around her, she becomes desperate, so desperate she (uncharacteristically) takes the life of an innocent and physically turns her rage and pain on herself savagely clawing at her own face, laughing and crying with mass emotional/physical pain and hysteria. its through the eyes of this fractured, overwhelmed and utterly grief stricken being that we are being presented these events. we are inside her when all this happens and so we feel it too, during this moment we ARE Cat we feel her pain and we too desperately want to fix this situation which has gone far out of our control and to big to recoil from. then of course there is the aftermath, the darkly twisted manor in which they treat the bodies of the slain. Robbs head being sawn off and discarded, then replaced with the head of his murdered Direwolf, with his crown placed on his head for all those who care to see, in a cruel jape against him. I find the most haunting part is my vision of what Dany saw in the House of the Undying. the haunting image of the king with the wolfs head, to me the sight was a horrifying one, a nightmare of sorts, very dark and scary. then to have the knowledge that this, thing, was created from the body of a loved character and an equally (in my mind) loved pet, in a sick mockery. THAT is the most emotional part in my opinion.I also just want to say GRRM is a genius, every move he makes through the series is golden, yes this was a terrible traumatic chapter, but that has a kind of beauty in itself... a tragic beauty  
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 19 May 2013 - 04:31 AM.
3992	Gendels Children	2013-05-19	also just want to add, that after reading the initial scene, it was a great move for GRRM to have us then relive it again from outside in Aryas POV because at this point we know exactly what is happening in there with every line of the song drawing out he know more and more death and carnage is taking place, it gives the reader more intense feelings towards Aryas attempt to get in there and help save her family, because even though she doesn't know exactly what is going on, we do.
3993	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  WHAT THE HELL! What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Jaime Lannister sends his regards.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s? I don't think it would have the same impact, You have Arya running around in the chaos outside so close to her family and then inside you have Cat seeing who she thinks is only remaining son dying right in front of her. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?hopefully like it does in the books, but i believe it might have to be changed a bit since it won't be from Cat's pov, plus you people there who weren't  there in the book.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why? been looking forward to it since the show started. Why? because even though a few of the characters i really liked were killed it's a fantastic scene, like when ned died.
3994	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-19	I really don't expect the show to be able to duplicate that moment, Robb was a much more awesome character in the books than the show, and I like book Catelyn a lot more too, and all the Northern bannermen that I like such as Dacey and Smalljon aren't even in the show.   I think the show will do a decent job with what they have, but they will not come close to the emotional impact of reading the RW.It's too bad the show didn't get the chance to develop any bannermen as sympathetic characters.  The only guys in Robb's camp that we even knew were Greatjohn (off the show), Theon (traitor), Rodrik (dead), Karstark (dead), and Roose (traitor).
3995	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I didn't have the urge to throw the book or stop reading that many others seemed to have.  I started reading the series after watching S1.  I loved the show anyway, but when they killed off Ned I became that much more interested.  By comparison to GoT, CoK was kind of a letdown in that the only major character GRRM killed off was Renly.  but SoS took it to another level, especially with the Red Wedding.Most vivid image: Catelyn going bonkers at the end.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Definitely less emotional.  It's important that we were inside Cat's mind for that scene, so we understand what drives her as Stoneheart.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Generally, it'll be chaotic, with a lot of quick cuts up until Catelyn grabs a hold of Jinglebell.  I envision the very last thing we see is Catelyn getting her throat cut from behind, then falling forward.  Then we see a pool of blood forming around her, and fade to black.OR the episode ends with the camera panning over the floor, showing Grey Wind's headless corpse, Robb's head, and then panning up to show the "Wolf King".How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Looking forward to it very much so I can see my brother's reaction.  I am kinda proud of myself for remaining tight-lipped about it.  At one point a couple of weeks ago he asked, "Does Robb get more interesting?" and I answered, "Yeah, he does some pretty cool stuff later in the series."  Just a straight-up LIE to kill any suspicions.  It's going to be an epic scene and I expect that D&D will do a good job with it considering how they've stated multiple times how they've been itching to get to this point in the story.This is going to be on the same level as the scene from "Transformers: The Movie" when all of the Autobots get wasted.  Anyone else who was 10 years old when that movie came out will know what I'm talking about.
					
					
							Edited by Shitmouth the Wise, 19 May 2013 - 11:51 AM.
3996	King Tommen	2013-05-19	It should be noted that whenever the show has had to dramatize the big, emotional death scenes (Ned and Rodrik come to mind), they've absolutely nailed it so it should be a fairly positive sign that they'll get this scene right.
Will it have all the smaller details that book fans are craving for (known bannermen sacrifices, Jinglebell, Greatjon getting hammered)? No. But the odds are that they'll do a great job with the sequence and it will be powerful.
3997	silentwanderer	2013-05-19	I read it shocked, but when I got to "No, not my hair, Ned loves my hair" I lost it.  I don't remember being shocked, I was completely caught up in the moment.I imagine it would be similar once it happens on the show.
3998	Angmar	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I had been spoiled most of it, so I knew what was coming...All around I dread it. The actual scene itself, Catelyn's chapter, was so tense. I felt so nervous reading it the first time. Actual tears blurred my vision when Catelyn thought Oh Ned, make it stop, our sweet babes, it hurts so much...Rereading it was even worse. Tears were falling down my face that time. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Once I finished the chapter the first time I continued to the next, but I felt...cold.My most vivid mental image of it is Catelyn grabbing her hair and screaming, or the image of the knife next to her throat...Ugh, awful. Or the fact that her knife came to clash with Jinglebell's bone...Uuuugh....And of course, Grey Robb and naked Cat, that was truly despicable and insulting. You're no better than anyone if you mock your enemies once you killed them...in fact it made the Freys more cowardly.It's just that, such a massacre after a relatively calm event such as a wedding...It's so strange and the image of piled bloodied corpses all inside the castle walls...How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?If it was from Robb (i'll always miss a Robb POV in the books) it could have been the same as with Arya and Cat. But probably it would have been more confusion and mixed with the pain of the arrow in his body. Cat works because she sees all the massacre and is killed after all of it finished. A mother watching his son die in front of her, her first born and (she thinks) her last living, is completely nuts.Arya is just frustating because after a book and a half of her trying to get near her family, she's about to have it and BAM! All gone. Brr. It's even sadder considering previously she was afraid that her mother wouldn't take her in because of the things she had done in ACOK.A Frey or Roose would have given it away. And the Bannermen and all would be too minor for describing such a scene.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I hope they make THE scene of the season. Like how Dany and the dragons is THE scene for season 1 (and GOT overall), I want the RW to have the same impact. Lots of crazyness, lots of fighting...The first time we see Robb and Cat at the Twins everything is fairly normal. Lots of booze, music, Edmure dancing happily with Roslin...Then the people leave the hall, the music dies down, Cat's alarm go up...AND BAM! Crossbolts, Rains of Castamere, axes to the stomach...Robb injured, Cat losing her mind, Talisa taken captive...All these scenes mixed up with what's going outside with Arya and the Hound. Sandor's fighting off Freys as everything burns outside and tries to keep Arya out of danger but she's trying to run to the castle...After a shadow runs at her with an axe...Cut to last scene in the Hall...Cat menaces to kill (not sure if Jinglebell or another Frey maybe), Roose and his regards for Robb, Cat sawing somebody's neck, crying and pulling her hair as she cradles Robb's corpse, her words about "Our sweet babes, Ned" and "Not my hair, Ned loves my hair!" as a Frey grabs her hair...Knife to the throat...Cut to black, the only sound is of a throat being slit......Then the credits roll, with the usual mournful theme of the Starks as the soundtrack.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I wanna see how they will adapt it, how much importance they'll give it and how close it is to the books in terms of distress. I don't want to see it though because I'll be fucking depressed throughout the scene. I DON'T want it to happen only for that. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Can't say I care for the Unsullied though.
3999	Lady Arwen	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I had been spoiled, but it was still shocking--the sweaty-palms, dry-mouth, heart-racing sort of shocking. The one intrusive thought (considering that this is ASoIaF, after all) that I couldn't shake was, "Oh God, I just hope they don't rape Cat". The RW was already too much, but that would have made it unbearable.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It would have been interesting to see this scene through Roslin Frey's eyes. She was in on it, but was obviously not happy about the situation (she wept the entire time). On a related note, I wonder what this scene would have been like from Edmure's POV. With that having been said, Cat's POV was the perfect one to choose for this scene. Her internal narrative ("All our sweet babes", "Not my hair...Ned loved my hair") made this scene truly heart-wrenching.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I don't have much to add to what others have said; I only hope that they end the episode with this scene. It would be absurd to cut to a different storyline after the drama and shock of the RW.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I'm looking forward to seeing the horrified reactions of the unsullied friends with whom I watch, but other than that, the scene is gruesome enough in my imagination without seeing it played out in HBO-style gore. I am curious about how they'll handle it, though.EDIT: Forgot to mention--great topic! Best of luck.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Arwen, 19 May 2013 - 04:07 PM.
4000	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?
I couldn't believe it...I knew it seemed inevitable but I didn't think George would have Robb and Cat suffer such a fate after everything that happened to the Starks. I stopped reading for a couple of days because I was pretty upset about it. The image that stuck with me most was Robb being stabbed by Roose with a look of shock and confusion on his face. Images of Cat's torn face dripping with blood as she laughs maniacally stuck with me too.
How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0092>s or Arya<U+0092>s?
I'm not sure...It would be much less tragic since we get that huge sense of family from those 2 PoVs - Cat trying to preserve her family and Arya trying to find them.
How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?
It's going to be brutal and sad. Seeing it happen visually will be powerful in its own way but its lasting effect will be different. After digesting the scene from the books it's lasting effect is the effect on the North as a whole. On TV I think its lasting effect for me will always be those choice visuals.
How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?
I can't wait for it, because it's a terrific and tragic scene that ultimately is great storytelling even if it makes you sad.
I think the fact that this scene in particular is what drew the show runners into making this a TV Show speaks volumes about it.
4001	shiola	2013-05-19	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?I had heard of a Red Wedding but I was convinced it was gonna be Joffrey's wedding.  So when shit started to hit the fan at the Frey wedding, I was ridiculously confused and didn't know what was going on for a minute.  I had to re-read the chapter (a few days later when I had time to cool off) to fully grasp it.  I actually had to go to a work meeting and I was like "Oh, I'll just read this Catelyn chapter really quick before I go."  So I was super shaken up at the meeting and just wanted to go home and get in bed.What are the most vivid mental images you have of it? Catelyn clawing at her own face, for sure.  I picture it as Michelle Fairley in my mind and I see it so clearly and it's very disturbing and haunting.  Also Robb with the arrows sticking out of him, climbing out from under the table, just before being killed by Roose.  Those have stuck in my mind so much more than the wolf's head.And this isn't so much an image, but the dialogue of "Don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair."  and Cat remembering all her children...  That crushes me.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?That's a very interesting question, and one I have never ever thought about.  I don't think it could be told from any other perspective. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?It will still pack quite the punch, to be sure.  But without all of the Northern bannermen as causalities  the slaughter will have a lot less impact.  It was a literal bloodbath in the books and I don't think the show can capture it as well.  And without Catelyn's narration...  I dunno.  It will still be horrible, but no medium but the novel could ever portray it just as it should have been done.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I definitely want to see D&D's take on it.  For all they're claiming that it was the scene that prompted them to do the show, the set up hasn't been that great.  Still, I remain optimistic because they wouldn't let themselves fuck up this scene.  If Talisa is killed in front of Robb, that will make up for the lack of bannermen being slaughtered.I want to see it done for my curiosity's sake, and so it will be over and I won't be waiting for it.  I've been so anxious the past few weeks as it draws closer.  I want to see it and have it be done with, and have all of my nonreader friends caught up to it.
4002	Conchobar	2013-05-20	The tents burning with all of the drunk Stark men inside them.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 20 May 2013 - 04:03 AM.
4003	Nick of the canals	2013-05-20	I've been looking forward to this episode and especially to the reaction to it ...after reading the first page of this thread all the emotions and feelings flooded back from when I read the chapter. It actually makes me feel a little sick and in my stomach and my heart is racing. I forgot all the grizzly details. 
Time healed the wounds but they are being reopened
I think what stuck with me most was cat stratching her own face and killing jingle bells. That bit about her hair I'd forgotten about. It's kind of heart breaking.
4004	Gillio	2013-05-20	Apparently I have to wait an extra week!!
This will be hard
4005	Inevittable	2013-05-20	Hi everyone,Thanks so much for all the responses so far. There's a really great range of opinions here.  I have a few more questions to throw into the mix, but am still interested to hear from anyone who hasn't answered the OP.There are a few images that keep recurring: first is the image of Cat's descent into madness and the final stroke that slit her throat, second is the treatment of the bodies after the massacre.  Why do you think these scenes in particular stand out? The music has been mentioned a lot as well.  I think that's really interesting because it's not something visual, which is what a lot of people pick up on when reading.  It should be great to see/hear how the music is done on the show.Also, which of you read this scene after you'd started watching the show, and which of you read it before watching the show?(very much like the atmosphere in Cowslip's Warren in Watership Down, where the residents all know a terrible secret but are keeping it from the newcomers)This is going to be on the same level as the scene from "Transformers: The Movie" when all of the Autobots get wasted.  Anyone else who was 10 years old when that movie came out will know what I'm talking about.I think it's interesting to compare this to the imagery of other things we've seen. Does anyone else have any other examples?
4006	AzorAhai42	2013-05-20	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?The most vivid mental image for me was Roose Bolton betraying Robb and sticking his sword through his belly and saying, "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." This single moment was the most powerful for me because at this point in the story I was really starting to like Jaime a lot, and I also really liked Robb, of course. So, that line especially messed with me. I knew that had to be one of the worst things for Robb to hear as he is dying. Another really strong thing about the scene in my mind is that it is the culmination of several betrayals against Robb Stark. First we have the betrayal of Theon Greyjoy (I hope the skin scene makes an appearance), we have the betrayal of Catelyn (which the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards," makes even more powerful), we have the betrayal of the Karstarks, which forced Robb to consider this wedding in the first place, then of course the betrayal of Frey (it'll be interesting to see what happens in the show, since Robb's wife is apparently going to be with him at the wedding), and finally the betrayal of Bolton, arguably the worst because Roose becomes a kingslayer, and taking into account the rough history between the Boltons and the Starks. Not to mention, Edmure's folly/slight betrayal of not following Robb's orders and costing him Tywin Lannister. How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I think we may have gotten more details if it was described from a different POV. The writing makes me think that Cat is beginning to lose her mind pretty much after she sees the chain mail under one of the Frey men. She doesn't even name Roose Bolton as the one who kills Robb, she only notices "a man dressed in pink," because she's starting to lose her mind already, even before Robb dies, perhaps she sees it coming, and it's just too much for her to bare. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I imagine it will be done beautifully, because this scene in particular was a major reason for D & D wanting to adapt this story into an HBO show. I can't wait for it to air. How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am highly anticipating this scene. For several reasons, the biggest being I'm tired of trying to hide this major spoiler from my unsullied friends. I want to be able to talk about it, and all the ramifications of it, with those people that haven't read the books. Most of my unsullied friends still hate Joffrey more than anyone, and I really think that this scene is going to greatly stir the pot. Another big reason is what I said in the previous answer, that D & D's main reason for adapting this series is so that they could do this scene. They have said several times that if they were able to make it to season 3 with the show, they will have completed the main thing they wanted to do. I'm very excited to see the fruits of their labor. But also, this scene is a changing point in the series. Things start to get really dark after this, and really still have not begun to brighten up again. I think this scene will have a very polarizing effect on show viewers. I strongly believe that after the next episode, there will be two types of Game of Thrones fans, those that will never stop watching/reading/getting lost in the Song of Ice and Fire Universe, and those that will stop watching and never return. And, hopefully, it will be mostly the first group of people.
4007	gibbles545	2013-05-20	My main mental image is Catelyn getting grabbed by someone, who then begins sawing at her hair with a knife while she is crying thinking about how Ned loved her hair.
So yeah pretty depressing really
4008	superdeluxe	2013-05-20	Most vivid images:
Cat Clawing at her face as she loses her mind
Cat thinking about how Ned loved her and that she hoped they didn't cut it.
4009	Lady Sunrider	2013-05-20	I read the chapter before the show was on.  When I read it I was shocked and horrified.  It had the same sort of impact as when Ned was killed at the end of the first book but even more intense.  As others have described, there was foreshadowing, and so reading the chapter I was worried, but because it was from Cat's point of view and she believes she has taken steps to protect them (making sure they ate something to invoke guestright) I started to think it might be all right.  Maybe an ugly scene of shouting or something. Then she felt the chainmail and OH NO!!!  It was so horrifying and more: it seemed to me that it showed the way that their society had completely broken down. 
Afterwards I (like many) had to put the book down for a while to catch my breath.  I felt again as I had after the first book, that this was not going to be a comfortable series.  I had just started to feel that the stories were feeling a little familiar and them the Red Wedding happened and so anything could happen.  All bets are off.
I think that telling it from Cat's and Arya's point of view made it much more harrowing.   As I have said, since you're in Cat's head you share her expectations of people's behavior and her knowledge and love for those being slaughtered.  You are with her as her whole universe is destroyed before her eyes.  I don't think any other p[oint of view would have that impact.
I wonder how (or if) the show will be able to capture that impact.  The view of the all seeing camera is not as personal.  I also think that a downside of having Theon's torture take place on screen during this season may rob the RW of some of its shock and horror.  We have been seeing pointless sadistic cruelty all season.  I think the worst that could happen is for it to just be a set piece without the emotional impact.  In the books the violence and cruelty are horrifying, upsetting and repulsive.  I hope the show doesn't glamorize it (not that I think they want to, but that it might happen inadvertantly because of the emotional distance allowed by the camera)
I can't say that I'm looking forward to it but perhaps that I'm looking forward to it being over.  All season I have felt like I am watching the condemmed and I haven't been able to say anything.  My husband is Unsullied.  It will be a relief to be able to be more open about things.
I hope this helps in your project.
4010	Gillio	2013-05-20	I've read each book as the paperback was first published, and re-read the preceding books each time, so I've got a bit of a "layered" memory of this particular part. You cant help remembering from previous reads whats happening elsewhere, so I spend some thoughts on Arya, so close, but also so close to being caught up in it.
I cant think of anything else that I've read that shocked me so much, Dorothy Dunnett's chess game was tense and eerie and tragic,  but I guess I was ready for thing to go badly there.
4011	AzorAhai42	2013-05-20	Oh yeah, awesome project! I'm so jealous of you!!!
4012	GhostofSummer	2013-05-21	"Robb!" she screamed. She saw Smalljon Umber wrestle a table off its trestles. Crossbow bolts thudded into the wood, one two three, as he flung it down on top of his king.to me, the most suspenseful lines of the series, and if the TV show makes me feel anything like I did while reading this, then job well done. the only inkling of foreshadowing I got was from Grey Wind's behavior, though not enough to see anything like this happening.. character deaths in literature, opposed to watching on flim/TV, are always a litle more surreal to me. Like, wait, it said he just stabbed Robb through the heart.. and twisted .. and something about a Lannister.. STOP. Re-read that again. Jesus, Robb's really dead. I still don't believe it. Conversely when you watch a death on film, it never instantly pauses, giving you that minute to absord the loss/shock, before resuming action. Crazy stuff is still happening, so your reaction will come after 5 more whirlwind minutes, in which all you were able to think was, "oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, WHAT IS HAPPENING@!!@#@)#_!!!!!!"I started reading the books after watching season 1. so Ned's death came as a complete shock, and cemented my love for it. I always wonder about what it would be like to watch this scene without having gone ahead and read the series... I think the internets might break, and I'm a little jealous I already know what's coming.
					
					
							Edited by GhostofSummer, 21 May 2013 - 03:21 AM.
4013	Stobb Rark	2013-05-21	"Robb!" she screamed. She saw Smalljon Umber wrestle a table off its trestles. Crossbow bolts thudded into the wood, one two three, as he flung it down on top of his king.to me, the most suspenseful lines of the series, and if the TV show makes me feel anything like I did while reading this, then job well done. the only inkling of foreshadowing I got was from Grey Wind's behavior, though not enough to see anything like this happening.. character deaths in literature, opposed to watching on flim/TV, are always a litle more surreal to me. Like, wait, it said he just stabbed Robb through the heart.. and twisted .. and something about a Lannister.. STOP. Re-read that again. Jesus, Robb's really dead. I still don't believe it. Conversely when you watch a death on film, it never instantly pauses, giving you that minute to absord the loss/shock, before resuming action. Crazy stuff is still happening, so your reaction will come after 5 more whirlwind minutes, in which all you were able to think was, "oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, WHAT IS HAPPENING@!!@#@)#_!!!!!!"I started reading the books after watching season 1. so Ned's death came as a complete shock, and cemented my love for it. I always wonder about what it would be like to watch this scene without having gone ahead and read the series... I think the internets might break, and I'm a little jealous I already know what's coming.First post on here - so hello /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Right, I wasn't a G.O.T book reader, until I (very stupidly, and for the first time with any show) read a spoiler. Which was the Red Wedding. Firstly, Robb is my favourite character in the show so far (though, after this season, Jaime has gone right up in my estimation - a superb character) so you can imagine my absolute "WTF?!" at seeing he gets slaughtered. I was devastated, still am. He's such a strong character, he is the North and I couldn't see how they could do it. Then I read more about George RR Martin and started reading the books, and I can see why. A few other people I know have done the same thing and have genuinely thought they won't follow through with bumping him off (they will, they have to). So anyway, I'm in between two books so far - reading a bit of what I've seen already and upto the RW (I know the Arya is ok and not dead).I'll never read a spoiler again - BUT I'm kinda glad, considering I'd be almost in tears actually seeing it unfold. R.I.P Robb /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4014	The Lady Lannister	2013-05-21	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I can still hear the Rains of Castamere, and Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s dawning realisation that something is amiss. There are two mental images that will stay with me about it:Cat watching Robb die (knowing her husband, father, and all her other children are dead or beyond her reach) and holding a knife to the jester<U+0080><U+0099>s head, and generally losing her mind andArya desperately trying to get to her Mommy (she is so close) and then Hound hits her with an axe.I actually found the 2nd scene more upsetting, because I thought she died as well, and by then all was lost.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?To me Cat was the most boring and self-righteous narrator, so the previous chapters could have only been better narrated by someone else. However this scene was about a mother<U+0080><U+0099>s love and anguish, so nobody else could have explained it better.I realise nobody dies in their own POV, but Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s or Roose Bolton<U+0080><U+0099>s thoughts would have been interesting to read. Even a Frey<U+0080><U+0099>s POV would add to the scene. We all warmed up to Jaime Lannister after having been given a POV after all. Although I really do not like the Freys.Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s POV superb. Obviously I would love to know what the Hound was thinking, but I doubt that was ever going to happen.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?It will be a very simplified version of the scene. They will play the Rains of Castamere, as Cersei explained the song to Margery. They will also have Roose kill Robb and say <U+0080><U+009C>Jaime Lannister sends his regards<U+0080><U+009D>, as that was in a previous episode as well. Otherwise it will be just Cat being desperate and explain the guest right to us, Robb being sullen and lordly, GreatJohn drunk, and Edmure his usual sulking but delighted self. Talisa will be a bit of a distraction, I m not sure how she will get out of it. In the meantime we will see the celebrations outside the castle and Arya and the Hound approaching. Is Brynden going to RW as well? They might flee together to RR, but then will they just repeat at the siege of RR? I am sure there will be a great emphasis on Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s head on Grey Wind. I am not sure what will happen to Cat, UnCat would not make great television.It will definitely be very dramatic and chaotic. Most viewers do not even know who Lord Bolton is. There will be a lot of despair and confusion on the viewers<U+0080><U+0099> boards afterwards.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?This is the first GOT series I am watching, as Storm of Swords is my favourite book of the series. I definitely have high expectations of this episode. I know it is not the same story as the book, but it is going to be epic and probably still more enjoyable for readers than non-readers.
4015	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-21	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?My initial reaction was horror and sadness.  The most vivid image for me were the sound images it created. I could feel Catelyn's headache as the drums were pounding out with the bad music and the sense of trepidation that was created by it. Then the image of her with blood on her hands raking her face in agony is what else stands out for me the most.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It's hard for me to imagine someone other than Cat narrating the actual RW b/c her viewpoint and her feelings during it are what really sets the mood and the tone for the complete horror of it, reading while a mother is watching her child be murdered. I don't think anyone else could have created that same feeling. I think if it had been anyone else it just wouldn't have been as personal.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Well, I guess I kind of like to think that it will be somewhat handled like Baelor was with Ned's death, except for having the Rains of Castemere playing in the background.  Ned's death scene was beautifully done as much as you can say that about that kind of scene. The RW should be its equal or better.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I'm looking forward to it and I'm not. I know it will be sad and part of me is looking forward to the reactions of my family members who have no idea what is going to happen. But that particular chapter is one of the best written in the book, I remember how reading it - I felt so immersed inside the story that I could almost hear the sounds and smell the smells and feel what Cat was feeling. I'm anxious about whether the TV show can adequately do it justice, but I'm very optimistic.ETA: I am also starting to have some anxiety about my family's reaction because I'm the one that led them to this series and now they may be mad. I also don't think I'll be able to contain some of my trepidation for this episode from them on that day though I'm going to try my hardest. I plan to have my tissues hidden so my hubby is not tipped off beforehand. I love Cat, it's going to be hard watching her die.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 21 May 2013 - 10:55 AM.
4016	winwolf	2013-05-21	Cats Screaming/ Walder talking to Cat.
All the northmen slaughtered while being drunk in and around the twins in their tents.
And ofcourse rob sewed on grey wind.
4017	Sneaky-Tyrell	2013-05-21	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?It was hard but most compelling to read, The sound of the music in the background, the brutality of the slaughter, The treachery or House Bolton, The words spoken by Waldur Frey, The depth of the cut on Catelyns throats, The image of Rob/Grey wind.  Arya being smashed with an Axe.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Im not sure it would have the same impact if it where told from a different POVHow do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Im not sure the scene from the series can have the same impact as in the book as I now know how it unfolds with the exception of the Talisa angle.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I wouldn't say im looking forward to the actual scene as it is a grim affair but rather to how the show goes about it.
4018	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-21	When I first read the scene, there was inside screaming, sweat, tears, a rising heartbeat, ragged breath, a crashing world, anger, disgust, dread, a growing desire for revenge; which eventually culminated in deadly silence, disbelief and sadness after the last word of the chapter. I have a rather vivid mental image of every scene I read, and while reading this particular scene, I saw the room, I saw the singers, I saw the Freys, I heard the Rains of Castamere, I saw the arrows flying around, the chaos which ensued, the Smalljon dying after trying to save Robb from the crossbolts, I saw Catelyn looking in disgust when she realizes what is going on, and then going mad and killing a son of Walder Frey, I saw Roose Bolton (the pink!) drive a sword through a fifteen-year-old King, I saw Robb dying while Catelyn watches. I could feel the pain of Catelyn as she thinks about her family, Ned, the children, her hair. And then there's nothing. Total darkness.
The feelings of a mother and daughter/sister cannot beat the feelings of a common watcher of the scene. There would be disgust, there would be disbelief, there could even be anger, but it could never portray the feelings of a mother and a daughter/sister. A Frey would have laughed about it perhaps, Sandor Clegane could watch in disbelief, Roose Bolton wouldn't feel much at all, a Stark bannerman would feel disgust, disbelief and sadness, but not one of them would have those strong emotional feeling of Catelyn and Arya. Arya, who almost reached her mother and brother after such a long and hard time, and then arriving during the Red Wedding. Catelyn seeing her son die at the hands of Roose Bolton, going mad and thinking about her children and Ned.. Neh, nothing can beat that.
I hardly have any idea how the scene will play out on screen. They made some changes, obviously, since Talisa is there, as well as the Blackfish. I think they are able to capture the emotions of the people who are present quite well, but I have no idea how it will be portrayed. I just don't know what to expect, other than a massive slaughter, chaos, blood, sweat and tears. 
I am not at all looking forward to the scene. I am of House Stark, this was one of the most devastating scenes of the book. It will probably also be one of the most devastating scenes of the series. How could i ever look forward to Robb and Catelyn being killed at the Red Wedding? Catelyn is one of my favourites, I root for the Starks and want them to get their justice and revenge. This scene will, once again, invoke the emotions I had while reading the scene in the book. This is why I will watch this episode alone. The only thing I could possibly look forward to, is how the scene will play out.
I hope this helps. ^^
4019	Inevittable	2013-05-21	Thanks everyone, keep those answers coming.
It is an awesome project, isn't it? Though I might be a little biased towards it.
I'm quite glad that I know this scene is coming.  If I had to watch it for the first time as a TV viewer without knowing that it was going to happen I don't know how I'd react.  Knowing my luck I wouldn't have been able to avoid the spoilers though.  
This is all very helpful, thanks!
4020	Lady Hornwood	2013-05-21	[size=2]What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I was sure Robb was going to get killed at the twins, but the bread and salt made me have my doubts. They were all gone when Cat discovered one of the guests was wearing chainmail. I was not shocked by Robb's death, but I was by Cat's immediate insanity and her death.Two mental images come to mind when i hear "Red wedding": Cat sawing on Jinglebell's throat, because it was what a person who hasn't killed before would do: not a clean fast cut, but slowly cutting through like cutting meat. The second image is Raynald Westerling cutting Grey Wind free, becouse it's such a brave and unusual act. His family was afraid of the wolf, he was a squire, he could have easily yielded, but he choose to free the direwolf and die. Even though it's not in the chapter itself, it has had an impact on me.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Hornwood, 21 May 2013 - 02:13 PM.
4021	LAJN	2013-05-21	Most vivid image is the fully armored men entering the hall with greataxes.  Like Catelyn did, you see that and all the hope goes out of you.  Those men are there to execute Robb's allies like slaughtering cattle. 
I didn't throw the book, but I had to come up for air a few times.  My friend, who had begun reading SoS, was in the room and I kept telling him, "Holy shit, I can't believe this.  You're not going to believe what happens."
4022	The Lady Lannister	2013-05-22	Actually a Tywin POV about how we got to the RW would be fascinating
4023	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-05-22	I can't wait to see the Red Wedding on screen.  Mainly just because I have an increased dislike for show Robb.glad to read that I'm not the only one!
4024	SynthFG	2013-05-22	I remember reading this for the first time and feeling like I had been punched in the gut
After Cat went down and the chapter ended I had to put the book down and take the time to assimilate what had just happened
It wasn't a surprise in that the signs that something bad would happen had been growing for a while, but the assumption was that despite Ned this was still a standard work of fiction, nobody important would die and the Starks would come out on top, 
The RW changed all that in a few very fought chapters
4025	The King's Justice	2013-05-22	My most vivid image from the Red Wedding is Robb being stabbed in the heart. I've read a few comments above and people seem to think it was Roose Bolton that stabbed him. It's been a while since I've read it, but I thought it was an un-named soldier that just came into the hall... I need to read the scene again.
My initial reaction when reading it was absolute shock. Knowing GRRM, I should have known that he wouldn't have any problems killing off main characters, but it still came as a massive shock. I didn't think he would die right up until the sword went through him. At first he just gets an arrow through the leg, which is a life threatening wound, but it is also survivable. When Roose Bolton leaves the hall and Cat notices him leaving I started to smell a rat, but again, I never suspected he would die.
I was shocked at Robbs death and surprised at Cat's.I dislike Cat a lot in both the book and the show, not the actresses portrayal of her, but actually Cat, so I didn't mourn as much as others might have.
4026	Catherine Storm	2013-05-22	Roslin's crying was the thing that really made me dread.
The arrow in Robb's chest.
Catelyn sawing Jinglebell's throat.
"Jaime Lannister sends his regards"
Like most others noted, I had threw the book from me and just stared across the room for a while before going through and flicking forward to see more Cat chapters and then rereading over the last paragraphs to be sure I read right!
I find Show Robb is so annoying and foolish though. There was a moment this series where I thought "can't wait for the RW" but I know I won't be saying this when I'm bawling my eyes out next week.
I guess I'm waiting to see if Talisa is really part of this betrayal or not. Even non-readers I've spoken to find her really suss and don't trust her completely. I don't think any of them will expect a betrayal THIS big though..
I hope it's through Cat's perspective. I hope they show her remembering Ned. I hope they make up for all the bad 'decisions' she makes, and show her plain and simply as a mother.
4027	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-22	My most vivid image from the Red Wedding is Robb being stabbed in the heart. I've read a few comments above and people seem to think it was Roose Bolton that stabbed him. It's been a while since I've read it, but I thought it was an un-named soldier that just came into the hall... I need to read the scene again.My initial reaction when reading it was absolute shock. Knowing GRRM, I should have known that he wouldn't have any problems killing off main characters, but it still came as a massive shock. I didn't think he would die right up until the sword went through him. At first he just gets an arrow through the leg, which is a life threatening wound, but it is also survivable. When Roose Bolton leaves the hall and Cat notices him leaving I started to smell a rat, but again, I never suspected he would die.I was shocked at Robbs death and surprised at Cat's.I dislike Cat a lot in both the book and the show, not the actresses portrayal of her, but actually Cat, so I didn't mourn as much as others might have.Sad to say, it was Roose Bolton. Remember the pink, and remember the ''Jaime Lannister sends his regards''. They also kept this line in the series, so I think it's also going to be in the series. I'm still not looking forward. I dread. I am dreading the whole thing at this moment.
4028	Myrddin	2013-05-22	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I really hadn't picked up on all the foreshadowing when I read the book for the first time (partly because I was devouring it, after waiting a whole two years after reading Clash of Kings...), but I still remember the dawning dread that built over pages before the massacre started. The sense of unease that grew in Cat until she put her hand on Roose's (?) arm and felt mail beneath his shirt.To me, that was the best part. So, I'm looking forward to how the scene is set up, how the tension is ramped up slowly until it all just explodes in a flurry of crossbow bolts.The image of King Robb/Greywind sitting on the throne afterwards is strong too, as is Cat's frantic sawing at the fool's throat when Frey won't stop the madness, but the emotional ride of building tension is what I still remember 13 years after the fact.
					
					
							Edited by Myrddin, 22 May 2013 - 12:48 PM.
4029	Autopath	2013-05-22	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?
I didn't want it to be true. I was shocked and desperate for there to be some way out of it. The most vivid mental images I have are of Robb on his knees before the final stabbing, Cat clawing her face, and Grey Wind being speared to death and going nuts outside.
How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?
I'm not sure, but if it were described from someone else's point of view, even Robb's, I think it would have been less visceral, less affecting. There's not much worse than seeing your child die in front of you.
How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?
I've been thinking about this. I think we'll see Robb get stabbed for sure, but I'm thinking they might not actually show Cat's throat get cut. They might pan away or show a sillhouette. I'm nervous about them showing her clawing her face. For some reason, seeing that scares me the most.
How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?
I'm not really looking forward to it. I'm anticipating it, but I'm anxious about it. Nevertheless, I will of course watch it.
4030	shiola	2013-05-22	There are a few images that keep recurring: first is the image of Cat's descent into madness and the final stroke that slit her throat, second is the treatment of the bodies after the massacre.  Why do you think these scenes in particular stand out?Cat's stands out because we know her and have followed her journey in every book.  We've experienced her loss first hand and she's one of the most honest characters in the series.  She's not always rational (or even likable to some), but she keeps herself grounded as well as she can given everything that's happened.  She's strong.  And in this chapter she breaks in a matter of sentences and spirals completely out of control.  It's so well written and it's painful that it's happening to CAT of all people, for the reasons I said.  Also, even though most of us probably don't have children, it's universally known that there is a certain bond between mother and child that goes deeper than any other; so to see her losing her children is very, very difficult.  And, finally, it's the novelty of it all-- in how many works do you witness, firsthand, a character going mad?  How often are you in that character's mind as it collapses?  It's very scary.As far as Robb's corpse, that's memorable because it's shocking and outright perverse.  Desecration of corpses isn't exactly a new concept to ASoIaF fans, but this sort of deliberate mocking and planning-- the time it took to construct this sickening sort of art form with tons of forethought and attention-- is unlike anything most of us could have imagined.  It's just sick.  Also, which of you read this scene after you'd started watching the show, and which of you read it before watching the show?I watched seasons 1 & 2 in a marathon right after 2 ended, and I picked up the books the next day, reading them over last summer before season 3.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 22 May 2013 - 09:57 PM.
4031	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-05-22	I was More shocked by Catlyns death than Robbs.  My first image of Catlyn dying looked exactly framed how Ned died in the "Balor" ep of the TV show:
- Cat on her knees, blood on her face.  Camera angle from below with her head facing the top left of the	  frame, staring in grief and disbelief (Mirror image of Ned before he got beheaded).  Throat being slit so quick with an imediate fade to black.  **Or with an imediate cut to Arya's face (just like in the "Balor" scene, since its expected that Arya will be at the wedding scene in the show**
4032	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-05-22	BTW..LOVE this topic, everyones reactions are amazing!Please tell me im not alone...My reaction to the RW was NOTHING compared to my reaction to the Viper dying/losing Tyrions trial. In my car, listening on audiobook...screamed for 20 mins.
4033	Catherine Storm	2013-05-23	WOULDN'T IT BE NICE
If D & D gave the Starks a little bit of love, by allowing Cat to somehow see Arya in her dying moments.
4034	Kienn	2013-05-23	My mind focuses more on what wasn't explicitly described:
The troops in the tents set on fire.
What was happening to the Freys that weren't involved (Robb's Squire).
What really happened to Grey Wind after he was released (sure almost everyone believes he was actually killed but I haven't been fully convinced since it's never actually observed in a PoV).
4035	Jon Black	2013-05-23	Need I say the 'Wolf's Head'.
That's about it.
*BTW, I have to admit that I swore they'd find a way to keep Robb around until at least season 4.  I was wrong.  So wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Black, 23 May 2013 - 03:32 AM.
4036	Jon Black	2013-05-23	Thanks everyone, keep those answers coming.It is an awesome project, isn't it? Though I might be a little biased towards it.I'm quite glad that I know this scene is coming.  If I had to watch it for the first time as a TV viewer without knowing that it was going to happen I don't know how I'd react.  Knowing my luck I wouldn't have been able to avoid the spoilers though.  This is all very helpful, thanks!While my own answer isn't as detailed as everyone else's, I have enjoyed reading all the responses.Well done.  Great Thread, TS.
4037	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-23	Need I say the 'Wolf's Head'.That's about it.*BTW, I have to admit that I swore they'd find a way to keep Robb around until at least season 4.  I was wrong.  So wrong.I was so sure they would do the Red Wedding in Season 4, that I was seriously depressed for a whole day when I found out they put it in Season 3.
4038	Conchobar	2013-05-23	I was so sure they would do the Red Wedding in Season 4, that I was seriously depressed for a whole day when I found out they put it in Season 3.I don't see the problem with it being in S3.
4039	Branflakes	2013-05-23	Initial reaction: I remember being totally captured while reading the scene. It is really well developed and written. (I actually fear that the television medium won't build up as well as the written.) However, I don't recall the shock that many mention. (Ned's death threw me for an absolute loop...I think I have been protecting myself as a reader ever since.)
Mental image: I have not read it for awhile but I have a mental image of crossbows on a balcony. Not even sure if it is in there. The musicians drop instrument and pick up crossbows?
That and the wolf's head.
To be completely honest I am terrible at remembering details. The benefit is that I enjoy rereads much more!
4040	lostinwesteros	2013-05-23	For some reason I vividly remember Cat's description of Roose Bolton sitting next to her, barely talking and picking at his food, and the growing bizarre sense of it, as people were getting up and leaving and the discovery of mail underneath the serving person's clothes.  At this point I was still wondering what was going on, and then my shock when the attack broke out.  
Cat's quick instincts and her jumping right into the fight, diving in to drag Jinglebells out from under the table and her desperation to regain control of the situation.  In my mind, the other fighting was kind of greyed out in the background.  Then Grey Wind's howling in the distance, and then the sharp image of Robb being stabbed at the other end of the room, standing out alone, and the horrible realization that he wouldn't get away.  Most vivid of Cat then is not her plea about her hair but her dropping to her knees and clawing at her face.  
With Arya and the Hound, what was so vivid to me was that first sight of the festivity in the tents surrounding the castle, then the ensuing  horror as the tents went up in flames -- and that she was gut-wrenchingly (if that's a word) once again robbed of her chance to reunite with her mother, even though she'd gotten so close this time.  When the chapter ended with her being hit in the back of the head by the Hound, I thought she was a goner, too.
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 23 May 2013 - 10:27 AM.
4041	thewalkindude19	2013-05-23	When I was reading A Storm of Swords, my friend, who had already read the books, kept saying I was coming up to a pivotal moment. One night, I was in bed, reading, and he text me asking where I was. I replied "Robb and co. have just gotten to The Twins." I really didn't expect it to be anything special. I thought "Edmure's wedding? How entertaining can that be?"My principle feelings during reading that chapter were confusion, I have to admit. I was rushing through the book, desperate to see what happened, and when Robb first got attacked, I had to go back and read again. I don't have the book to hand, but it says something like "a quarrel sprouted from Robb's chest." So sudden. Then, shit started going down, and I couldn't believe it. I was horrified.Also, when Cat starts to go mad, and talks about red worms crawling down her arms and ravens raking at her face, I was confused until I got the horrible meaning behind it.I didn't realise that the man who killed Robb was Roose Bolton until much later.
					
					
							Edited by thewalkindude19, 23 May 2013 - 10:42 AM.
4042	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-05-23	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?
Somewhat anger and surprise. GRRM did a great job of building up the tension through Cat, but once they ate I kind of felt better. I was pretty shocked at Cat being killed also, since normally the women are spared.
  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?
Cat going bat shit crazy and killing the Frey. The look on Robbs face as the blade comes out his chest. Grey Wolf/Robb mix.
How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?
Not nearly as impactful. Using Cat he was able to convey her fears and emotion, the fact that she believed the last of her children was dying before her eyes.
The only other one could've been Lord Frey. Getting a glimpse in his smarmy rotten head may have been entertaining. Had he written half the RW using Cat's POV and then rewritten the same half using Lord Walder until it's bloody conclusion may have been effective.
How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?
Hopefully very emotionally. Thinking it will be a few scenes. Initially the approach and Grey Winds distrust, Cat picking up on it. The initial entry and Cat basically begging for food, her relief once they eat. Then the final scene when it happens.
How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?
I will be glad when it's over so people will stop trying to spoil it for everyone online. You can't see anything about AGOT without seeing people saying, you know they all die right!!!! 
The main thing I am not looking forward to is coming on here and seeing the endless bitching about how they ruined it. No matter how well the scene is played out on tv there will be no pleasing the majority on this board.
I just want to watch it and appreciate it for what it is.
BTW, my book throwing moment was when Jon Snow was stabbed. I identified with him from the beginning so his "death" meant way more than Robb and Cat.
4043	Inevittable	2013-05-23	Evening everyone (well, it's evening for me).I saw the trailer for this episode the other day, and was really surprised at the lack of specific foreboding.  It seemed like there was an amping up of tension, but for anyone who doesn't know that the RW is coming, it's going to be just as much of a shock to them as it was in the book, isn't it?Actually a Tywin POV about how we got to the RW would be fascinatingNow that would be interesting! I'm finidng Tywin more and more interesting this season, whereas in the books he seems to pretty much have passed me by.WOULDN'T IT BE NICEIf D & D gave the Starks a little bit of love, by allowing Cat to somehow see Arya in her dying moments.Nice, yes. And heartbreaking too.  Can't say I'm expecting much in the way of 'nice' though.While my own answer isn't as detailed as everyone else's, I have enjoyed reading all the responses.Well done.  Great Thread, TS.Thank you.  Don't worry about how detailed (or not) your answers may be.  I'm really hoping that these questions start to spark some discussions in a direction that I may not have anticipated.To be completely honest I am terrible at remembering details. The benefit is that I enjoy rereads much more!Ha, yes! Me too. I always notice more on re-reads... it's just that it takes so darn long to read a book than it does to watch a show.
4044	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-23	I've always wondered what these chapters would have been like if told from the perspectives of Robb and Edmure. I think having a P.O.V. from anyone on the other side would have destroyed what made the chapter so compelling in the first place - the shock and surprise, namely. In any case, I think having Catelyn and Arya as the P.O.V.'s work out perfectly, but those two could have been interesting, as well. Don't have much time at the moment to respond to the other question, but some really interesting reading in this thread.
4045	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-05-23	Stabbed through the heart & the twisting of the blade. My minds eye sees that as the final moment, accompanied with a shudder, and then hes gone...
4046	Mendoza	2013-05-23	I actually had a dream about this scene a couple nights ago and its my first Game of Thrones dream ever.  Jinglebell and Patchface were merged in my dream and performing the wedding ceremony and some word he says cues the betrayal, almost in a demon like voice. Obviously, not how it went down in the book or will on tv, but man, that dream was creepy.
4047	Jon Black	2013-05-23	I was so sure they would do the Red Wedding in Season 4, that I was seriously depressed for a whole day when I found out they put it in Season 3.Glad to see I'm not that crazy after all.
4048	NedFlanderStark	2013-05-23	The axe to Dacey Mormont's gut
Cat sawing through Jinglebell's throat
Walder Frey taunting them from his perch up high
The Northmen flooding in and Cat mistaking them for help
4049	WhiteGuts	2013-05-23	Don't you guys think that Cat's suspicion is too much of a give away ? Maybe they should cut it off, especially after Walder Frey gives them guest right.
4050	wizardface	2013-05-24	Cat desperately clinging to hope has she held the knife to jinglebell's throat. 
The rage of greatjon
Robb having one of the most amazingly horrific deaths ever. 
......
I hope that the greywind/robb head swap is part of either the next episode or s4.
Im so excited. Please do this right
4051	Conchobar	2013-05-24	Hello all,I am currently studying towards a PhD in Media, Culture and Communication at Keele University.  My project title is <U+0080>An online ethnography of the fan community of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels and the Game of Thrones television adaptation<U+0080><U+0099> and my aim is to investigate the history and current practices of the fan community of A Song of Ice and Fire and Game of Thrones.With the permission of the owners of this website I am initiating this thread to try and encourage discussion about the topic described below.An information sheet is available here, which will hopefully address any questions you may have about the research.  The information sheet contains information about the research process, and also information about how your posts to this thread will be used.  You are under no obligation to take part, however your help in the project would be much appreciated.By posting in this thread you are agreeing to the statements on the consent sheet which is part of the information sheet linked to above.  By posting in the thread you are agreeing that you are over 18.If you have any queries please let me know.PS: There is a thread here which you are very welcome to join to discuss the research project or ask questions.***significant book and TV spoilers below**The Red WeddingThere is already a thread about the Red Wedding, but it is quite general.  I<U+0080><U+0099>d like to prompt a similar thread, but make this one a discussion about your thoughts about the scene, rather than how you imagine unsullied viewers will respond <U+0080><U+0093> although like many of you I can<U+0080><U+0099>t wait to find out their reactions.I<U+0080><U+0099>d like us to use this thread to discuss our mental images of the Red Wedding before it is screened.  I<U+0080><U+0099>d be especially interested if you could tell me about:What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?These questions are just a guide, and I encourage an open discussion so you don<U+0080><U+0099>t have to stick to them rigidly.  I<U+0080><U+0099>ll post my own answers to the questions later, but would rather if you all took the lead to start.Many thanks,InevittableThis is the mental image I had more or less.http://cerque.devian...dding-325470316
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 24 May 2013 - 06:28 AM.
4052	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-05-24	I imagine the music (drums! drums must be emphasized, to make the song more of a funeral march) and then  chaos, and screams , and then all overpowered by Grey Wind's ferocious and desperate howling. The wolf howls as if the world is about to end (because it is about to end for them anyway). Howling stops right when Robb dies and Cat has her throat cut open (I'd do their deaths no more than a couple of seconds apart, to maximize the impact)
BTW that illustration, it's like the Guernica of ASOIAF. That's what the Red Wedding is.
ETA: I liked that this chapter was Cat's POV. Not my fav character but she's a mother and there was no one better to convey the sense of tragedy. I was spoiled when I read it because I knew Robb died but I never imagined it was going to be this way. When I realized this was the moment -it was so ominous not to see it coming- I couldn't stop reading, it was almost frantic. Then I was sort of drained.
I watched Seasons 1 and 2 and then read all the books during the summer.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 24 May 2013 - 02:33 PM.
4053	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-05-24	I was so out of it, so shocked by the whole scene, that I didn't realize the first time around that Cat was clawing at her own face. I thought someone was stabbing her face over and over. I still could not believe that she died, at the very end.
The sense of dread is so well conveyed throughout the wedding, the feeling that things were outright WRONG. It gets worse and worse, using subtle elements like the musicians being terrible and some of the Freys acting terribly strangely. The hardest part of Robb dying, for me, was seeing it through his mother's eyes. Cat had lost so much already, so to watch her firstborn die in front of her like that was unbearable. It was even more shocking and unbearable for me that she died herself. I literally had no inkling that she would die.
I don't think the scene could have been remotely as powerful if it was narrated by anyone else.
I'm honestly trying not to get my hopes up about the show translation. I so don't want to be disappointed, so I'm trying not to think about it too much.
4054	no_payne_no_gain	2013-05-24	Walder Frey keeps saying "heh"
Catelyn noticing how Bolton doesn't eat anything
Robb having to dance with all the Frey girls (and his line, "...I'll eat it and ask for a second bowl..")
Catelyn following Edwyn (?) Frey down the hallway
But I'm probably most excited for "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." If they cut it out, I'm going to be really upset
So basically the entire scene
4055	Blaer Dayle	2013-05-24	Well, I'll do my best. I only read this scene once because I was attached to the characters who dies, and it was too painful to read through again, although I likely will after it is on the show just to sort out between the Books and Show universes.
The sequence plays out in several key parts in my mind:
1. They arrive at the Twins, and Grey Wind senses something is wrong. Catelyn takes notice but thinks it is simply him being the wild animal he is. Robb disregards it either as the same, or trusts that Walder will keep his word.
2. They enter, make small talk and Catelyn insists they eat to invoke the guest right. Walder acts as though it was assumed that they were under his protection to feign confidence of his guests.
3. Having done that they assume all is well and the marriage gets underway. After the marriage they have a feast. Edmure gets very drunk, and is taken to the bedding ceremony, meanwhile the Rains of Castamere is played loudly.
4. In the confusion following Edmure's departure Walder signals his men to kill the guests. Catelyn looks on in disbelief and almost a state of shock. By the time she realizes what is happening the best she can do is grab Jinglebells and hold him hostage for her own life.
5. Catelyn kills Jinglebells, and is in turn killed herself.
6. Arya later hears about the terrible things done to her family, and sees some things through warging what is presumably Nymeria.
When I read it I knew that a wedding was coming with big implications, but I assumed it would be Joffrey's wedding (which of course also had large implications for everyone). I thought this would be a low key wedding with some bitter feeling from Walder, but ending with his agreeing to support Robb once again. When I realized something was wrong, starting with Grey Wind's suspicion, I hoped that at least Robb and Cat would make it out alive.
Following the wedding I had to stop reading for the day and entered a sort of mini-mourning state. I realised that the Stark's greatest hope for justice was gone, and began connecting Bran's visions/Tywin's remarks/foreshadowing/etc. I started the books after the First eason of the show, so this was the first huge death for me, and it really hit home that George is a cruel and vengeful writer, much like the Medieval times were.
As the Show approaches the scene I just don't want it to happen, even though I know it will. Don't get me wrong I want to see it, as it is my most vivid memory from the books, but at the same time I wish it could end differently, and it's even worse seeing it coming and knowing the outcome. However in the show I am slightly less fond of Robb, who seems less a boy who had authority thrust upon him who made one mistake, and more as a self-sure man who does what he wants regardless of how it affects those around him.
I think the show will have it very frenzied so the viewer doesn't understand what is happening for a moment (sounds of the bedding ceremony bleed into screams, etc.), much like Cat's POV, and the Rains of Castamere will of course feature heavily as they have been foreshadowing it since last season. I get the feeling that it will be impossible to capture Catelyn's range of emotion without excessive dialogue, which of course would ruin the scene.
I can't imagine the scene from any other POV as I feel like it worked most powerfully being from Stark POVs, although I guess it would have been interesting to see the aftermath firsthand. Maybe Walder would make for an interesting POV, but then again it might just be one dimensional or insane, so it might be a terrible idea.
The Red Wedding as of right now is the centerpiece of the series for me, that might change depending on the last two books, but for now, it best shows the deceptive nature of Westerosi politics, the cruel medieval mindset of the characters, the personal angst and despair caused by this, plays into the magic of the series (via Bran and Arya), and remains an important plot point and memorable and iconic scene.
Nice Idea for A PHD Thesis by the way.
4056	Noxie	2013-05-25	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Knowing well in advance of the Frey and Bolton treachery as well as what they do to Robb's body in the end, I 'only' had to put the book down for some hours. My heart rate was up, I was totally abosrbed and my hands were cold.The most vivid image was Cat looking at her blood trikling down her arms and thinking that "it tickles". It's a small bit of very dark humor I'd say, the point were I knew the character had snapped. I actually didn't even realise she was the one that clawed her face. The horror was that well done.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Not as powerful definetly since they were the ones that had the most to lose from the event. For the point of view style of the books it would not have worked for the readers.That aside, Roose Bolton and Edmure could be good secondary narrators for the show. To switch from the relative happiness of Robb et co. to a cold and maybe awkward [to be around] Roose would round out the later's character and we could witness how he evolves in the eyes of whatever bannermen might switch to his side. While Edmure is enjoying his bedding (for all the good that does him /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) it might be worth checking in on him soon after he gets news of the massacre. At least he might partially redeem himself with a long, healthy "noooo!"Also, is this question intended as literary just how would X have described it or should we also keep in mind the larger narrative?How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Judging from the preview I wonder if it will get enough time, thus worried on that front. Robb hasn't gotten much screen time this season and the Unsullied I usually watch with have started to forget about him, or atleast not care as much. Which is sad cause at this point in the books is when I felt most invested in the characters (even knowing the outcome).As to how it plays out, Robb and Cat will have a bonding moment at the beginning of the episode to hook in the audience. Maybe Cat telling her son she has to swallow every insult thrown at him, and Robb being mature in this regard and accepting. He should also comfort her in her grief or something along those lines. Otherwise, the actual wedding just like the books. Old actors will be brought back for the Greatjon and others to give motivations for later down the line. No idea what will happen with Talisa and the Blackfish, though I'm thinking they will escape to keep the mystery for the bookreaders alive. If not both then definetly the Blackfish escapes.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Very much! It's a really masterful bit of writting in how it plays with mood and setting. I'm looking forward to see how the show will handle it. And ofcourse whatever extra info we can get about for the book. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4057	First of My Name	2013-05-25	When I read the book I didn't fully realise what had just happened. I thought Catelyn was wounded, not dead (don't know how I got to that conclusion) and I came back later to better understand it. Mental images are Walder sitting on his chair and loving the sight of all the chaos, Grey Winds head on Robb, Catelyn's final moments, and her body in the river.
4058	Pilz	2013-05-25	I also did not understand what was going on the first time I read it.  I was just reading the story and did not know GRRM had all this immense material subtly hidden.  I was a bit skeptical that the Frey bride was attractive.  Then the bedding ceremony was a bit rowdy (was it the first in the series?).  The musicians were loud and bad, and then Cat started talking to someone and became terrified after something they said, and then BAM!  I stopped when Robb got shot and started talking with Frey.  I had to re-read to figure out what just happenned.  Then I still wasn't clear, but I kept reading this time and then Cat grabs the kid, but Frey doesn't care.  Robb gets stabbed and then Cat....  I put down the book and didn't read it again for a while.
The most vivid thing in my mind is still the musicians playing horribly (drums beating, loud confusing music) then as music turns to cresciendo, they change to weapons, and then chaos.  
It took me two more reads to figure out that Bolton was the one who stabbed him.
The image in my head of the musicians will have to be played out on TV for it to be perfect.  It probably won't.  I am looking forward to it because it is such an impactful scene.  It is the essence of the books and their devastating unpredictibility, and yet when you read again there were plenty of hints.
4059	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-25	I don't see the problem with it being in S3.Me neither, but as I was so sure they would do it in Season 4, which would give me an extra year to prepare for it ( /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ), it was kinda a shock when I found out I had to cope with that shit a year earlier. Perhaps it was deliberate ignoring on my part. Glad to see I'm not that crazy after all.Yes, well, I dare say I'm quite passionate sometimes. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4060	Jon Black	2013-05-25	Me neither, but as I was so sure they would do it in Season 4, which would give me an extra year to prepare for it ( /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ), it was kinda a shock when I found out I had to cope with that shit a year earlier. Perhaps it was deliberate ignoring on my part.[size=4]Yes, well, I dare say I'm quite passionate sometimes. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4061	HopeForSpring	2013-05-25	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I imagined Robb dancing with D.M. mostly alone in a slightly sunken area, tables on 3 sides and the door on the forth. I imagine Greatjon on theside to the right of the door, Cat also on that side, but infront of the tables. Frey is on the Dias. The musicians in a balcony on the left side of the door to the right of the dias.  Most of the surfaces are a grey stone.  Edmure and the bedding have just gone out a passage way behind the dias, on the same side as the orchestra.From Cat's point of view it is watching the first arrow go into Robb, and then the holding/killing of jinglebellFrom Arya's point of view it is watching the tent go up in flames and then the gate ahead of as she runs towards it(in both of those descriptions it was hard not to use the first person)I had predicted that something like it was going to happen ("Your brother's bloody wedding") but the brutality and totality of it was a shock. Cat dying was a shock. Her thoughts of Ned at the end, heart breaking. I was very sad. I had had high hopes for Robb. When he dies I felt I no longer had much concern as to the outcome of the war of the 5 kings.  Hurry up Dany, you know?How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Hard to say. Edmure's  would have been much like the Sansa in Kings Landing (a lot of noises and sounds from afar) I think they really were the best choices. The Hound might have had an interesting, rageful, response, futility of it all, the barbarism of Lords and Knights. Robb might have been relieved that Jeyne wasn't there? Angry at himself? Thought of himself as equally blindsided like his dad? Worried about his men?How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Less gruesome than the book (like the Blackwater episode, thank goodness) Talisa and Robb will be dancing. She will die. I'm not sure if we will see all of the inside and then all the outside like in the book or if they will be intercut. The music will be bad. Roose will give Robb the Lannister's regards.  I think it will take up most of the epsiode and once they start showing it, they will stick with it.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I'm looking forward to it to end the anticipation. Like scratching an itch. The dread will be over. I'm also less impressed by TV Robb so I'm ready to have that fiasco done.  On the other hand I HATE Lady Stoneheart. I get her, I value her role in the story, but she's toxic rage and grief manifested... Bad news. Demoralizing. One of the bleakest aspects of the story. So looking forward to getting past the Red Wedding, not looking forward to her arrival.---Okay now I can go back and read what others have said.ETA: I also had a "Wait, Arya TOO. Now I'm done" moment when I had to go look for an Arya chapter.  I was pretty sure she wasn't, but I had a moment and needed to be sure sure. And then I go all worried about concussions and her developing brain...
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 25 May 2013 - 03:56 PM.
4062	sati	2013-05-26	It's not exactly a mental image but I think the drum thing would work brilliant on TV. I was re-reading this chapter yesterday, because apparently I'm a masochist, and that moment when all the drums go silent except for one when Walder Frey raises his hand, Robb is barely standing and Cat has a knife on Jinglebell's throat is so tense and suspenseful. It would make for awesome TV moment.
4063	Steve Stark	2013-05-26	I read it years ago when it first came out, when I was fairly young. I was actually running and listening to the audio version with Roy Dotrice the second time I read it a couple of years ago, doing my mile and a half run which is a military requirement for my physical training/testing. Some old guy came over to me and asked if I was alright (nearly giving me a heart attack), because apparently when this scene came on I was just standing dead-still on the side of the soccer field doing absolutely nothing.
That kind of shock doesn't happen with very many books I've read. I think the only time I've been that engrossed in what I was reading was when I read Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett.
Needless to say, the scene was traumatizing. I agree with others who say the show will not have the same affect, but at the same time I know a few non-reader viewers who are going to be very upset all the same.
Cat, who I never really liked in the books because her motherly quirks reminded me so much of my own mother that it hit me hard when she began to lose her mind right before her bloody end. The dumping of her body in the water sent me over the top. Bolton stabbing Robb made me so furious I can't even explain it, and the entire bloody affair had me gut-wrenched to say the least.
Powerful imagery. I love and hate George all at once.
					
					
							Edited by Steve Stark, 26 May 2013 - 02:18 PM.
4064	siddyjain	2013-05-26	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Stood up. Walked away. Got back, reread the last two paragraphs. Stood up, screamed WHAT THE FUCK.The most vivid mental image I have is of a screaming Arya being held back by the Hound, not allowed to go any closer to the Twins and then silenced by a hit to the head. I didn't know whether to expect her to survive that too, but I knew nothing had happened to her.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?None of the other used POV characters were there, but I would  have liked to know what the hound was thinking and came to do what he did, which was save Arya's life.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Jolly feast and everyone's happy, then the song starts and disconcert all round, then the crossbows start flying and the canopies start burning and we cut to Arya riding towards the wedding, only to turn back when she realizes something has gone wrong. I don't know. It won't feel so powerful on screen. I'm really looking forward to see how they will do it.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Really looking forward to it because the mental image in my head is really strong, but it's not as visually striking as that is required of a visual medium like television, and I'm eager to see how they pull it off. Also, my schadenfreude/masochism senses are itching to relive that terrible tragedy which I read years ago...
					
					
							Edited by siddyjain, 26 May 2013 - 03:35 PM.
4065	Slingingstones	2013-05-26	Many times in our lives, whenever we invest deeply in the ones we love and to have them suddenly taken away.  It was like surviving an ambush, only to find your brother didn't make it.
It was Janet Leigh in the "Psycho" shower.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 26 May 2013 - 03:38 PM.
4066	Jonsblock	2013-05-26	For me, I see short 1 to 2 second images in my head. The ones I remember are I believe it was Greatjon flipping a table for cover, the axe to the belly, Robb dropping to his knees with an arrow in the shoulder and leg, Roose with his pink robe, lunging with the final blow. Blood running over Cats fingers as she cuts Jinglebell's throat and of course her laughing madly and clawing her face. They all remain very vivid in my mind. It's still somewhat heartbreaking thinking about it. 
I want the scene to remain as close to the book as possible. The viewers need to feel the horror, shock and sickness the readers felt. Its the most polarizing moment of the entire series.
4067	Jenny-of-Oldstones	2013-05-27	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I was spoiled about Robb dying on the internet already - by accident ofcourse - but I absolutely did not expect this. I was truly horrified and read the scene thrice over.The most vived images were of:- Catelyn touching a frey's arm, discovering he wore mail- Robb being stabbed through the heart (the arrows didn't have this effect at all)- Catelyn's deathLater, during the second re-read, the wolf-head scene became more lively than during the fist readHow do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I find this very vague a question, because it depends on which character. From Robb, I think it would have been almost as shocking as from Catelyn, also a Stark bannerman would be interesting,  but not as heartbreaking as Catelyn. A Frey wouldn't do the job I think, too casual and too ominous.As for Arya's replacement, I can think only of the Hound and that WOULD be interesting. It would be colder than Arya's, but also clearer I think, you'd get a better overview of the whole carnage.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Some things will have even more impact on screen, the physical stuff like the loud music, the arrows, the stab.. and the visual stuff, like the wolf's head. But Catelyn's and Arya's thoughts, you can never get those on screen as heartbreaking as in the books. But in general, if they stick to the books, I think it might have a bigger impact on the unsullied than it had on the readers, aso with Talisa being pregnant and dying or being a spy.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?A LOT. Can't really say why for myself, a bit sadomachochistic perhaps, but I'm really curious about the viewer's reactions.
4068	TalX	2013-05-27	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I'm a French reader, so a non-native English speaking user. But because I understand English pretty well and that I started reading after the second season, I chose to read the books in English (because I didn't want to have all the names mixed between the show - that I watch in english - and the books).When I was reading Catelyn chapter, I was kind of secure because of guest right (I knew that something huge was coming in this book, but nothing more, so I didn't expect it). I never thought that Walder Frey, as a lord, could break it. So I was kind of "mocking" Catelyn because of all her worries. I was like : "Come on, don't over-worry, it's gonna be okay". So I was reading this chapter quickly (to get faster to the "huge event" I heard about in the internet - because I knew it was around the middle of the book, just where I was ...).And when the Red Wedding started, I didn't really got it first. I was reading a lot of "bow" words, so I was : "What the fuck is happening, why am I reading the word "bow" every two lines? Did I miss something? And why are they singing the Lannister song?". Then I came back some paragraphs back to read more carefully what was happening, hoping of course that I misunderstood something. And of course, I wasn't ...Then, it was the Arya chapter. At the end, I was : "WHAT THE FUCK GEORGE!! Ok, you can kill Robb and Cat, they were playing the game of thrones, and they didn't win, but Arya man ... She just wanted to see her mother. And why did the Hound change side?". And then I went to sleep (I was reading at night) cursing against Robb and his stupid choices.The most vivid mental image I have of it is about Catelyn, when she was still trying to negotiate a truce against every logic, with the dagger at Jinglebell's throat. And the "hehs" of Walder Frey.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?Not so good I think. If GRRM chose those characters, I think it's because they were the most fit.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Just like in my head, which doesn't mean anything, but you know, I don't know what to answer /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Well, I'm looking forward to it since I read it. And I don't really know exactly what and how much "Memorial Day" means to you americans, but for now, it's clearly my least preferred holiday in your country /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by TalX, 27 May 2013 - 11:08 AM.
4069	mystikherb	2013-05-27	Well, I'm looking forward to it since I read it. And I don't really know exactly what and how much "Memorial Day" means to you americans, but for now, it's clearly my least preferred holiday in your country /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Trust me, as an American, the holiday is pissing me off just because it's prolonging the best episode of the season.My initial reactions to the scene?  I had unfortunately been spoiled to Robb's death.  I also knew that the most talked about part of the book was known as "The Red Wedding."  However, here is the sentence (a comment on a YouTube video, yes, I learned my lesson) that spoiled Robb's death for me:  "Stannis kills Robb and Joffrey."So, I was not exactly expect Robb to die at the Twins, I honestly assumed the RW would be a marriage between Stannis and Melisandre, and that perhaps Joffrey and Robb would be captured and killed at the wedding.When I started reading the Catelyn chapter that the RW occurred in, however, I did have a bad feeling.  I will always remember reading it for the first time because GRRM was like a God in his suspenseful writing, and he maintained a feeling that something was off while simultaneously not giving away the fact that something BIG was about to go down.  Then the Rains began to be sung, and then the drums... That was something that stuck with me the whole scene... Boom... Doom... Boom...  I remember that right as the drums began my heart had begun to beat very quickly, and by the time the quarrel went through Robb's shoulder (had to double take on that sentence to make sure I read it correctly), I thought I was about to have a heart attack.  That was when I knew Robb was doomed.  I knew that this was the RW and that Robb would die, but then Catelyn grabbed JingleBell, and I started to get a sinking feeling... I did NOT receive any spoiler to indicate that anything would happen to Catelyn.  I could hear the desperation in her voice when she begged to trade the safety of their sons, all the while knowing it would do no good.  When Robb was stabbed and Catelyn began sawing at JingleBells throat (that image stuck pretty hard as well), I started to force myself to try and accept that Catelyn was about to die. As soon as I braced myself for it, she began to claw at her face, and then her thoughts of the blood (it tickles...) put her in hysterical laughter.  THAT I was not prepared for, and I felt numb throughout my body... By the time they were slitting her throat, my mouth was straight up hanging open- I remember needing a moment to process what I just read, but I'm pretty sure the first thing I said (aloud, to myself) was "Holy... fucking... shit...."Don't even get me started on the Arya chapter after that.  "The axe came down on her head..."  I honestly can't say if I believed it or not, deep down.  What I DO know is that I repeated VERY loudly "NO.  NO.  NO.  FUCK NO. NO."  And immediately searched for the next Arya chapter in the book.I think that there's only one way I think another POV could be nearly effective.  Robbs, and I would see it like this:  Robb did not die immediately as the sword went through his chest.  He lives for a few more moments as he falls to the ground, but I think what would make that so haunting would be if the last thing he ever saw was his mother murder JingleBell, claw at her face laughing, and die horribly.  As her throat was being slit, Robb's world faded to black and he was gone.As far as how it goes on screen, I'm very hopeful that it is a very powerful if not as powerful as the book.  What will make it or break it for me is how Cat dies.  If it's not as gruesome or shocking and she does not die laughing and clawing at her own face, I will be disappointed that they wasted an opportunity to really drive in the horror of it all.  I'm looking forward to the scene because I get off to having media move me emotionally, and I'm anxious to see the reactions of my non-reader friends.
4070	imbenurnot	2013-05-27	I knew that there was a "big event" two thirds into the book that GRRM had emotional difficulty writing, and I knew that it was called the Red Wedding. I had guessed that Cat would die, but not Robb for some reason. I remember being very confused about what was happening the first time I was reading it, and I had to reread the chapter before I realized "yup, this is it, and it's significantly worse than I thought!" I was very upset about it, but not quite "throw the book" or "stop reading" upset. I think my reaction was less visceral because I knew something was going to happen to vastly outweigh Ned's execution. That may be my only regret about my reading experience of the series.
I have two very strong images: one from Cat's chapter and one from Arya's.
For Cat's chapter, the image in my head is just Walder Frey. This old, shriveled man sitting calmly in his chair, which is raised like a throne (I don't recall if his seat is described this way, but that's how I picture it). As every single event happens, there's this out of focus Walder in the background with a grin on his face, saying "Heh." His mockery of Robb stands out. As Cat is threatening JingleBell, he sits, his head a foot higher than Cat's due to his chair, and he just doesn't give a shit.
In Arya's chapter, I see her and the Hound outside in the camp at night, and things are just about to go down. The tents are starting to collapse from the fire. I'm seeing the castle on their side of the river with a huge gate (probably my own invention) from roughly Arya's perspective, and I can feel her joy and confusion as she doesn't realize the people coming through the gate are not on her side, but she start's sprinting to it anyway. She's desperate to see her family, and she's so. damn. close.
The line which stands out most to me is from Cat's prior chapter, though, when Walder Frey says "the red will run." It's such a beautiful and terrifying part of the sentence. I'm surprised HBO never used it as a soundbite in their trailers.
					
					
							Edited by imbenurnot, 27 May 2013 - 07:20 PM.
4071	ViennaGirl	2013-05-27	When I first read Catelyn's RW POV chapter, I wasn't clear what had happened when I finished it, probably because I was hoping I was wrong. I'm dreading seeing it on screen, and probably won't really watch it carefully - I'll look at a magazine or something while it's on, with the volume down. I'm sure it will be done very ominously on screen, with the audience knowing that something horrible is going to happen. I've re-read the series several times, and I always skip these chapters, so I've only read them the one time. And I'm not even that attached to Robb - it's just that something about the betrayal is so horrible, especially with Edmure and Roslin still getting married and spending the night together as this happens.
					
					
							Edited by ViennaGirl, 27 May 2013 - 08:08 PM.
4072	wolverine	2013-05-27	What seems most vivid to me is the look on Robb's face when he realizes it is all over for him.
My initial reaction was a feeling that this can't be really happening.  Like they Robb was going to somehow fight his way out of it or live or something other than just die.
I am really looking forward to non-readers reaction to the scene on the show, though I think the impact will be lessened as Robb does not seem to be as endearing on the show as he was in the books.
4073	Talbot	2013-05-27	I am really looking forward to non-readers reaction to the scene on the show, though I think the impact will be lessened as Robb does not seem to be as endearing on the show as he was in the books.I dislike when people say this, because it seems like you're (not you specifically) assuming that because show Robb isn't as likeable as book Robb in your eyes, non-readers feel the same way.A huge majority of non-readers love Robb, love the idea of what Robb is, and love the Starks. This is the character they know and like, and because they dont compare him to the books, they like him just the same.
4074	morgan1028	2013-05-28	All the chapters leading to the Twins were kind of tense.  I know Robb made the plan to take back the North and his will to Jon, but Cat's thoughts just gave me a uneasy feeling.  When they got to the Twins and Greywind was made to stay outside I was thinking No Robb, don't let them, but he did.  When Cat called for bread and salt, I was feeling slightly better.  Old Frey's embarrassment to Robb made me cringe.  Now at the Wedding:  I know Cat was sensing something, even with the bedding she wasn't happy..  When Dacey asked that Frey to dance Edwyn, I think, and Cat noticed a look of fear on Dacey's face, I knew something was terribly wrong, and when Cat ran after Edwyn and grabbed his chainmail under his silks...  yep.  My heart was icy cold as I read that chapter, from Manderly getting an arrow in the throat, Dacey an ax in the belly,  Can't remember his name but he was surrounded my 3 Frey's and being stabbed..  When Small Jon threw that table over Robb, that is when I started crying.  Small Jon's beheading and the Heh, the king in the north arises.  So much anger and pain.  Roose you traitorous bastard.  And then, for a moment I thought at least Cat will make it.  Her pain is so great through out these books.  I did put the book down because I couldn't see the pages through my tears.  Next chapter I really did think Arya died.  I read through those tears too.  I really hope the show does it justice
4075	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-28	All the chapters leading to the Twins were kind of tense.  I know Robb made the plan to take back the North and his will to Jon, but Cat's thoughts just gave me a uneasy feeling.  When they got to the Twins and Greywind was made to stay outside I was thinking No Robb, don't let them, but he did.  When Cat called for bread and salt, I was feeling slightly better.  Old Frey's embarrassment to Robb made me cringe.  Now at the Wedding:  I know Cat was sensing something, even with the bedding she wasn't happy..  When Dacey asked that Frey to dance Edwyn, I think, and Cat noticed a look of fear on Dacey's face, I knew something was terribly wrong, and when Cat ran after Edwyn and grabbed his chainmail under his silks...  yep.  My heart was icy cold as I read that chapter, from Manderly getting an arrow in the throat, Dacey an ax in the belly,  Can't remember his name but he was surrounded my 3 Frey's and being stabbed..  When Small Jon threw that table over Robb, that is when I started crying.  Small Jon's beheading and the Heh, the king in the north arises.  So much anger and pain.  Roose you traitorous bastard.  And then, for a moment I thought at least Cat will make it.  Her pain is so great through out these books.  I did put the book down because I couldn't see the pages through my tears.  Next chapter I really did think Arya died.  I read through those tears too.  I really hope the show does it justiceReading your comment gave me goosebumps, because that really reminds me of what I felt while reading that chapter. It is not easy to cause the same impact on the show, because words can be much more powerful than images if properly used.
4076	morgan1028	2013-05-28	I think (hope)  they will pull it off!  I have never been so emotionally invested in fictional characters.  I forgot to mention, I have been reading the books since '98.  And I have re read them so many times, which I hardly ever do.  I got HBO just for the show.  My husband thinks I am crazy:  you're reading that book again?
4077	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-28	I think (hope)  they will pull it off!  I have never been so emotionally invested in fictional characters.  I forgot to mention, I have been reading the books since '98.  And I have re read them so many times, which I hardly ever do.  I got HBO just for the show.  My husband thinks I am crazy:  you're reading that book again?No, my story is different. I only read the first book around 2008, but only continued reading after the second season, which means that I read all the books in the past year. My memory is relatively fresh, except for those details I didn't capture in the first read.
4078	morgan1028	2013-05-28	In some ways you are lucky to read them in one go!  Now, welcome to the waiting /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />   When I found this forum, I knew that I wasn't alone...  makes me feel a little less nerdy
4079	Thelastactionhero	2013-05-28	For some reason the Red Wedding effected me very little. I was puzzled for a moment, reread the chapter and moved on. I'm not sure if this is because I was never very emotionally invested in Cat or Robb as characters to begin with, or because I felt that I'd already experienced far more tragic moments in the series, but for whatever reason it didn't really get to me. The imagery is very memorable, particularly the sword through Robb's heart and Catelyn's meager attempt at vengeance on the mentally retarded Frey relative. I felt a little bad seeing how bad the Stark's had gotten fucked, and Arya being so close to finally reuniting with her family, but not enough that I needed to stop reading.
To be honest, for me it was the Viper's death that actually made me put the book down and walk away from it for a few days.
4080	morgan1028	2013-05-28	For some reason the Red Wedding effected me very little. I was puzzled for a moment, reread the chapter and moved on. I'm not sure if this is because I was never very emotionally invested in Cat or Robb as characters to begin with, or because I felt that I'd already experienced far more tragic moments in the series, but for whatever reason it didn't really get to me. The imagery is very memorable, particularly the sword through Robb's heart and Catelyn's meager attempt at vengeance on the mentally retarded Frey relative. I felt a little bad seeing how bad the Stark's had gotten fucked, and Arya being so close to finally reuniting with her family, but not enough that I needed to stop reading.To be honest, for me it was the Viper's death that actually made me put the book down and walk away from it for a few days. wow, really?  I was mad at the RV death..  but we only knew him for a few chapters..  I was pissed he didn't kill the mountain..  that was about it.  He was a seemingly cool character, but no emotions really, besides his fail.  A little sad for Tyrion, but not so much because he got on my nerves..  just goes to show how differently people feel.. and that is awesome
4081	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-05-28	Its one of the most difficult chapters I've ever had to read to be honest....even to this day I still can't read it all the way thru without skipping one or two pages...
The reason being that if you take your time and read it slowly it just makes it that much more painful. It becomes painfully clear that something horrible is about to happen.  All the signs are there in little bits and pieces and then the actual slaughter begins and you're just gutted.....
I really hope they don't show Catelyn's naked body being thrown into the river.  And i really don't know if I can handle her clawing at her own throat.....
God this is going to be horrible....
4082	HopeForSpring	2013-05-28	The Red Viper's death upset me as well, particularly post the RW. It really does seem as if as soon as someone presents as awesome and really worth rooting for they have a target on their back, in a "too good for this world" sort of way.
I don't know if I would have been as upset if it hadn't come post Red wedding. That is one of the consequences of the RW to me. I have gotten both more attached to people who look like they have a glimmer of decency and more  disassociated. I no longer have ASOIAF mentally filled under "light entertainment."  I know, I know - why didn't that happen after Ned dying? Because that was still the first act and Robb becoming a successful King of the North would have been a pretty standard redemption cycle. Not so much with the standard redemption cycles, which means the ending might have life persisting but still pretty darn grim and short on uplift.  I'm worried.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 28 May 2013 - 12:31 PM.
4083	Thelastactionhero	2013-05-28	wow, really?  I was mad at the RV death..  but we only knew him for a few chapters..  I was pissed he didn't kill the mountain..  that was about it.  He was a seemingly cool character, but no emotions really, besides his fail.  A little sad for Tyrion, but not so much because he got on my nerves..  just goes to show how differently people feel.. and that is awesomeThe fact that George's imagery has the capacity to effect people in such a multitude of ways is really beautiful to me. I realize the Viper himself was only around for a few chapters, but I'd been hearing about the horrible deaths of Elia and her children the past three books, and I think the tension from that really enhanced the emotions of the scene. Not to mention we all had proper cause to hate the Mountain for being such an evil son of a bitch since the first novel. In a few moments I found myself heavily emotionally invested in this duel, hoping to see the Viper exact his vengeance, hoping just once for things to go right in this brutal fantasy universe. But as we all know, reality is cruel, and George takes every chance possible to remind you of that. When I saw him come so close to avenging his dead family, only to have his face brutally smashed to pieces, I was really bothered. (Though I guess he gets his vengeance in the end to some degree) It's amazing how these books can grab you.Like HopeForSpring pointed out, it probably had something to do with it being post-Red Wedding. Even though I wasn't totally crushed by Cat and Robb's deaths, it still added a lot of weight to the dark tone and gritty realism of the books. Watching the Viper bite the dust on top of everything just really went that extra step in showing how fucked up this world is.
4084	Keepsu	2013-05-28	Walder Frey: But that's a grandson ... and he never was much use.
"His little bells were ringing, ringing, ringing ..."
This just tore me up inside.
					
					
							Edited by Keepsu, 28 May 2013 - 03:38 PM.
4085	The Undead Martyr	2013-05-28	I have a tendency to read too quickly at times, I feel like I'm skimming the book.  The Great Gatsby being a good example....I was... maybe 16? when I first read the series.First reactions:Sandor's final line about the "bloody wedding" was the first moment I felt that the wedding was going to go to hell in a handbasket, but it just happened so quickly.  Cat's scene has really, really, sunk in deeper on re-reads, especially after I grew up a bit.  my first reaction was one of stunned confusion; like I was the center of a hurricane watching the blood and mayhem around me.  I had to reread the last few paragraphs of Cat's chapter just to truly come to grips with the macabre madness of it.  It left a sickening in the gut.  Then I turned the page, saw Arya's chapter and had an epic "oh shit, she's here too" moment.  So, a vague unease leading up to it, Cat's chapter was a whirlwind of confusion that took a good while to sink in, then blind panic through Arya's chapter.  I actually skipped ahead to find her next chapter; though I thought she survived, if only because of the Jaquen coin chekov's gun, I wasn't going to take it for granted.My strongest impression was the bleak dreariness, panic, and chaos of it all.  A mix of Cat's and Arya's chapters: a vague image of a scrawny girl in the mud and rain, a hazy, foreboding castle in the background; Grey Wind growling and shivering in the wind on the way in; a hard mail fist; and a disjointed jester's hat, with a half formed, half felt image of a blade grating against pale white bone, flesh sawed, hacked and shred like torn, soggy cardboard; and cat's "red tears" like a red Monster-logo tattoo running down her eyes.Though this is as much in retrospect as anything.  The scene just didn't sink in until much later, on later re-reads, when I could stop and consider the full implications of what had happened.  That and I never really picture what I'm reading, aside from very vague, abstracted blurs and a few somewhat more distinct isles of detail.  I'm not very visually inclined. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />As to POV:I think that the Cat/Arya PoVs are inextricably intertwined from a meta-fictional and emotionally visceral perspective: mother and daughter, so close but forever beyond reach, a one-two punch if you will.  If I had to pick a different or additional PoV, it would have to be right before or after the two of them together.  If before it would have to end on a very high note of tension or unease, sort of like the ride up a coaster, ending on the very top of the hill; Cat was the eruption of violence and chaos and madness, that first lurching tip over the edge, and Arya was the panic and desperation and disappointment of the first wrenching fall, and the rest of the novel was the full ride itself.How it might play out:they need to highlight the tragic parallels between Cat and Arya, and convey a sheer chaos, keep the viewers off-balance and breathless for a bit.  Madness and panic, quick, shaky, and far from clear, almost impressionistic in its depiction of the violence: say, a montage of death and violence inside and out, shaky close ups or even first person hazes of characters getting slaughtered or running around, with longer glimpses of Cat and Arya trying to make sense of the violence, the images gradually focusing and becoming more focused as the two of them start to understand what's going on.  Finally a long, agonizing image of Cat seeing Robb die and then her descent into madness, and Arya's flight.It will be loud, brutal and bloody.  A lot of flipping between Cat and Arya, a lot of background chaos.
4086	Tyrion4President	2013-05-28	Definitely the image of Cat clawing at herself. Plus Rob calling for Grey Wind.Sorry to go slightly of topic, but does anyone (just follow me for a sec) think that a non book reader will see rob with a wolf's head and then jump to some crazy conclusion that he'll spring back to like as a wolf/man hybrid? I mean really if your a non book reader and your jumping to conclusions trying to be "that guy" who is always predicting the end of movies you could really jump to that conclusion especially in a show like this that is unpredictable.A little off topic but I didn't no where else to ask that question.lol i can soo picture that happening. and i bet one of my non reader friends will say that. will keep you posted.
4087	Steve Stark	2013-05-28	I think (hope)  they will pull it off!  I have never been so emotionally invested in fictional characters.  I forgot to mention, I have been reading the books since '98.  And I have re read them so many times, which I hardly ever do.  I got HBO just for the show.  My husband thinks I am crazy:  you're reading that book again?This is me, except it's my wife that thinks I'm crazy. I just tell her to leave me alone when she does the whole, "You're reading that again?" thing. But the way I look at it, I've read them all many times, but I still read 3 to 10 times more than anyone else I know. I think my wife is just irritated because I'm so into the books, and she couldn't get through the first one. What can I say, she is beautiful, she likes knives and guns, she's good with money, she's a wonderful mother and wife....but she doesn't like ASOIAF. I just don't know what the heck is WRONG with her. lolEDIT: At least she likes to read...and she's gorgeous. She still needs to read these effin books.
					
					
							Edited by Steve Stark, 28 May 2013 - 05:32 PM.
4088	Heir to the North	2013-05-28	I had heard the term "Red Wedding" but never spoiled myself.  I figured it was going to be Joffrey's marriage and some shit went down at it or that it was just some spectacular and outrageous scene. First time reading it, the way the chapters leading up to it seemed really short flipping back from Arya to Cat was...weird and un-nerving since no chapters had done that so far in the book.  The rain was a great big forboding backdrop that just didn't feel right either.  Grey Wind being seperated from Robb was a big red flag and even invoking the Guest Right really felt forced or not honest at least, on the part of Walder Frey. I was listening to radio chatter at the time too so I didn't have all my attention on it when I was reading the RW chapter.  When Cat slaps Edwyn, and the first crossbow bolts start firing I was all of a sudden as confused as the Stark wedding party.  I kept reading, now all my attention on the words in  front of me denial, fear and panic setting in with each page turning.  I too was hoping for Northmen to come to Robb's aid.  I still couldn't believe what I was reading when they slit Cat's throat.  Feeling like being in the midst of a storm is a good description, kinda how I felt since I didn't have all my attention on it at first.  I wasn't quite sure what was going on. I had to re read that chapter 3 or 4 times after that just to make sure I had read it correctly.  When finally I accepted what happend...I felt...numb.  I knew something was going to happen to Robb, breaking the vow to a Frey girl, beheading Karstark, I knew something was going to happen.  I thought he would be killed in battle or taken prisoner and beheaded in KL exactly on the spot where his father was executed(sounded GRRMish enough).  But, not this. The Purple Wedding had a somewhat uplifting, but mostly bittersweet effect on me.  After the brutality of the RW, it just didn't really feel like 'justice' or the 'revenge' I wanted. I think I really felt broken after the Red Viper didn't kill the Mountain and seemed to have died for nothing. After all those(heartwrenching, outrageous), events...I really don't think I felt anything at all when Tyrion killed Tywin.
4089	FLight	2013-05-29	What I remember most vividly about that scene was how awful I felt when Catelyn held Jinglebell as her pitiful bargaining chip. Did she really think that her son - a king who has earned many enemies who would see him dead - could be saved with Jinglebell? Of course not. Lord Walder's response to her holding Jinglebell "hostage" was such a slap.Even more vivid: Catelyn holding her promise and taking Jinglebell's life. It really hit me how she literally had no options or hope left to turn to - surrounded by enemies, her loved ones and comrades all dead around her - while holding a useless hostage. Would taking Jinglebell's life help or change her fate in any way? Of course not - but I felt she was being fueled by despair, futility, anger.Honestly, Catelyn's last moments pretty much sum up the Red Wedding for me. Which I guess is saying something, since I absolutely detested Catelyn when I first read the books.
4090	-Ghost-	2013-05-29	I knew something was up, but had no idea it would go down like that. The whole situation was weird. The whole feast felt off. I found it weird that the chapters kept switching from Cat to Arya too.  
The scene I remember most is when Robb gets up from under the table and Cat telling him to get up and walk out of there and her trying to make a deal with Walder. You kinda get the slightest, tiny, smallest bit of hope that maybe Robb will make it out, but then in comes Roose. That was crushing. I had to put the book down after that. I remember thinking like wtf just happened? I even knew in advance that he was going to die, not when or how, but I never imagined it would go down like that. I dont think I realized how much I liked Robb until after the RW happened. 
I dont think the show will have the same effect on me. It will still, in a way, suck to go through that again, but it wont be the same. Book Robb is a lot better. I also dont think the scene will be as good as I have it in my head, but thats expected. I hope they dont change it too much.
4091	nubreed000	2013-05-29	I knew before I even finished the first book that Robb and Cat were going to die in the third book, so I was expecting it, but the effect was still huge me. The scene that stood out the most was the finishing blow on Robb ("Jaime Lannister sends his regards"), and then Catelyn's death with her begging "Please not my hair, Ned loves my hair"...that was very powerful.
I don't think the show will get it right. The way Robb's story was translated into the show, it doesn't have any emotion, in my opinion. I'm not sure how non-book readers feel about Robb, but I really wish they would've done a better job in the show, with his story. At least then I would be dreading the Red Wedding, whereas now I feel like it's just a chore that needs to get out of the way.
4092	Viserys_The Transformed	2013-05-29	Roose Bolton's less eating from the table. The change in the Song, Rains of Castamere.  The singers flinging arrows, Catelyn holding the Fool and cutting his throat, Roose killing Robb saying, "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".  The image of Wolf's head sewn on Robb, and lastly naked corpse of Catelyn flowing in the river, Arya wanting to save her mother and brother, pleading with the Hound. I was greatly worried about Arya, then.
4093	aedalia	2013-05-29	I had been spoilered that Rob and Cat were going to die, but I had thought they were going to die at Winterfell, so I was still surprised that it happened when it did. Although I felt that that part of the book was racing since it was Arya-Cat-Arya etc over and over- clearly building to something.
My most vivid visual is the knife coming out of Robb's chest. I already see it happening to the actor in my mind's eye- it's dark outside, small fires light the hall, Roose grabs his shoulder and then wham! Done.
The most compelling feeling in that moment was Cat's "Ned loves my hair." She knows she's going to die and is going to "see" Ned now and wants to be beautiful for him. Almost like a reunion. It's so sad. To me it shows how painful it is to lose your spouse, making it a very real moment for me.
I don't think the unsullied will have as great a reaction as book readers will, I'm afraid. Robb and Cat just haven't had the screen time to make it match the emotional moment that it was in the books.
4094	Ser Milady Wolf	2013-05-29	I didnt get the Roose Bolton cues until my second read. I had a hard time discerning between the northmen and didnt think it was that important to focus on. While reading the scene, I felt nervous when Grey Wind was left behind and up until they ate the food. I probably felt this way given Cat's obvious anxiety and fear for their safety. Then once they ate and Walder seemed like he was over it, I kind of said to myself, wow I am just overreacting completely. But then just this feeling of dread. Not really anything in particular that I can remember - obviously on rereads, there are very strong clues something is going to happen. Its just kind of the description and calculation that you get in Tarantino movies ( did anyone even check if he was available to direct the scene?! joking). Then chain mail imagery. Cat's sudden tension, followed by complete horror and devastation. I didnt "get" that Robb was dead from Cat's description of what happened alone. I "got" that Robb was dead based on her complete unraveling and grabbing the fool.  I am pretty squeemish when it comes to blood so I just remember being shocked while reading the cutting of the fool's throat. Ugh her hair, not realizing they were actually slitting her throat.I didnt throw anything. I reread a few times trying to make sure this was actually happening. I dont remember ever feeling like this while reading a work of fiction.  The Arya element was also pretty devastating, but brought me out of the funk knowing she, at least, was still alive.Even now, rereads later, I still wish the pages would change. But this scene is likely why I love the series so much. It is THE scene.I felt an immediate need to make someone else feel this way, which lead to my making my dad read the series (at this point, season one was on HBO so he was into it). After reading the Red Wedding, he didnt want to keep reading. He asked me whether Arya is alive and what the point of continuing was, if there were several more books still to read. I assured him there was a point...hopefully.
4095	The Monkey	2013-05-29	They better keep Cat slitting the throat of Jinglebells, or an equivalent. Stuff like that is what sets ASOIAF apart from almost any other fiction.
4096	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-05-29	I imagined seeing the tents and towers from afar,fires starting and screaming. Maybe from the point of view if a stark scout, not know what's happening. It was a gutting couple of chapters.
4097	white wolfpack	2013-05-29	I think my reaction was the opposite of everyone else:  instead of throwing the book or wanting to put it down, I could not stop reading.  And I was reading faster, maybe a little too fast, because I feel like I missed some stuff the first time through.  To try to put it into words, I feel like I was compelled to read because I wanted to make sense of it.  I wanted the story to do that for me.  After the Arya scene, I needed to find out if maybe she survived.  I have a 4 book bundled kindle version of the books, and it's not as easy to flip through as a hard copy or even a single kindle book, so looking for future "Arya" chapters wasn't an easy option.  I think I stayed up until 2:00 AM reading.  
In terms of what stands out, it's more my own sense of shock than anything.  Some parts of it are a little foggy.  For instance, I know Cat killed the fool (which is creepy because he's basically WF's special needs grandchild), but it's not that vivid.  Someone mentions it and I think, "yeah, that happened too".  
Also I was a little transfixed by the "normal" things that kept going on.  The band keeps playing, Edmure seems to be enjoying his wedding night, etc.  That aspect of it seemed to have a lot in common with actual disasters, but it differs from most book disasters.  
Most of the people in my real life are unsullied (love that use of the term, by the way), so I'm looking forward to the episode because I feel like I know this big secret that they don't and its hard to talk about the show.  I feel like the books are divided into before and after this event, and if I meet someone who is reading, you need to determine where they are relative to this event before you talk.
4098	Bedwarmer	2013-05-29	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Thinking back, the incessant drums and bad musicians stood out for me at first. I had the impression of a bad dream, but I think I had no idea what was to come. I was genuinely shocked when the crossbows came out. My most enduringly vivid mental image is that of Cat hacking away at Jinglebell's neck. It was a sickening scene of desperation and mutilation that I will never forget.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It's a difficult question to answer, since no one else at the RW has a POV in the books so it would be hard to get into the minds of other observers. I felt that I got a very clear view of events from Cat and Arya, though it would have been intriguing to know the plotters mindsets.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?When this season started I was looking forward to the RW episode, mostly out of curiosity as to how they would handle the POV. More recently I have felt an increasing dread about watching it. I am very torn because I almost can't face the brutality of it, but I also know it would be a let down for them to edit any elelment of the scene, specifically Cat's slaughtering of Jinglebells and her subsequent slaughter. I feel they will play this down. It's very bloody stuff and I just don't think it would be possible to render that level of brutality on screen. I think the TV version will be softened. I don't think Jinglebells will be there and I don't think we'll see the Grey wind-robb monstrosity. How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?As I said before, I was looking forward to it but I am now dreading it. I am dreading it on several rather complex levels.I dread seeing it for the brutality, but conversely I dread seeing any major edits from the book reality. It's an odd position. I feel quite uncomfortable with myself about how I feel.
4099	The Monkey	2013-05-30	Wait, people think Arya died at the RW? It never crossed my mind that she did, her arc clearly had a lot further to go. Besides, why would the Hound kill her?
4100	The Flaying Man	2013-05-30	Wait, people think Arya died at the RW? It never crossed my mind that she did, her arc clearly had a lot further to go. Besides, why would the Hound kill her?I felt the same. I was never under the impression that he had killed her, and to be honest I was surprised to find out that so many people thought she was dead!
4101	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-30	Wait, people think Arya died at the RW? It never crossed my mind that she did, her arc clearly had a lot further to go. Besides, why would the Hound kill her?Well, GRRM's writing style doesn't always follow the traditional storytelling methods, including the concept of character arcs. It wouldn't have surprised me at all if GRRM decided to kill a character in the middle of their "arc." After all, he kinda did that with Robb, given all of his post-RW plans that he told to his bannermen earlier in the novel.
4102	Boi	2013-05-30	There is so much content of the absolute horror faced and described by this entire setting. Outside the castle his army is drinking, feasting, partying and celebrating being merry. They are then burned alive and slaughtered. Drunk and defenseless. Inside the castle the bedding ceremony is about to commence there has been much feasting, dancing, merriment, and song. Then Rob and his wife are stripped naked in preparation of the bedding ceremony. Everybody is jolly, joking, and happy. Rob and his wife are carried from the main hall. All along the battlements are archers, he is fired upon, armed knights are rushing forward through the courtyard. No words can describe his horror or shock. He is unarmed, naked and defenseless without his direwolf. Slaughtered ruthlessly by his suposed friends. From these he had thought impossible. Because according to Westeros tradition after having shared their bread and drunk thier wine are in the laws of  their hospitality and protection. The obvious horror is the realisation of that the impossible at that time when he is least expecting it. His guard is at lowest because of the expectation of a night passionately in brides arms. The look on his mother face at losing another son. The look on Arya face at knowing what has happened. The smug look of Walder Frey so pleased at his scheme to then die.So much horror here each has a very powerful image. Few words can set that sceen to be any more horrific or disturbing. Jaw dropping WTF moments of them being brutally slaughtered with their small pathetic fight for survival against all odds to be snuffed out when least expecting it.
					
					
							Edited by Boi, 30 May 2013 - 08:26 AM.
4103	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-30	When rereading the book, I felt like a complete moron for not picking up on all the foreshadowing that something was going to go really, really wrong. This scene shocked me more than any scene in any book I've ever read, probably more than any scene in any movie or TV-series I've ever watched. I remember thinking when reading that chapter: "Another chapter with not much going on, I guess I'll finish this one before going to bed". The old and the new gods know how wrong I was. I was feeling a certain sense of dread when the chapter started to near its end, but I did still no imagine anything bad would happen. I thought Roslin was so sad because, well, she was married off to some stranger, and the part with Grey-Wind being all uneasy made me a bit uneasy, but not to the point of afraid. But the moment that Frey pushed Dacey Mormont away and Catelyn felt the chainmail beneath his shirt, I knew something wasn't right at all.
I didn't throw the book away, because my brain wasn't able to digest what just had happened. I was wondering what the hell had happened, and just couldn't understand. I had to read the last part to really confirm that Robb and Catelyn really did die. I think the fact that it happened in the middle of the book made it even harder to understand, since usually a moment THAT big is left for the end, but then again, ASoS did have a lot of big stuff happening towards the end.
The things I remember the best are probably the part where Catelyn pleads Robb to just go before Roose kills him, and the last part where Catelyn loses her mind. When Catelyn was pleading Walder to let Robb live and end the slaughter, I honestly thought Robb and Cat would survive, and maybe meet their end later in the book/series. The pure horror when Roose Bolton just stepped forth and killed Robb, twisted the sword, left me breathless and in disbelief. And now, when Robb was dead, I thought that they would at least let Cat live, or that she would at least kill that old bastard Frey, but no. Not before rereading the scene did I really understand that the ten ravens were her fingers, and that her throat was cut. Catelyn clawing her face in pure madness and sorrow is an image that will haunt me forever.
I believe the show will do this scene justice as far as television adaptation goes. Sure, they can't tell it from the viewpoint of the devastated Cat, but it will still be shocking, and all the pure brutality of the scene may cause more sleepless nights than any horror movie ever has. I don't think the scene will be as great as in the book, but seven hells, it will still be haunting.
4104	Chairman7w	2013-05-30	They better keep Cat slitting the throat of Jinglebells, or an equivalent. Stuff like that is what sets ASOIAF apart from almost any other fiction.I too hope they keep Cat slashing Jinglebell's throat in there, but I don't think they will.  Nobody has *any* clue who Jinglebells is and it wouldn't carry much weight.  I can see how tough it is to translate to screen.
					
					
							Edited by Chairman7w, 30 May 2013 - 11:56 AM.
4105	Inevittable	2013-05-30	Hi everyone,Just swinging by to thank you all for the great contributions.  Only a few more days until we can start discussing the events after we've seen them on screen.  I won't be around here over the weekend, and I'll need to wait until early next week before I can watch the episode.What I'm hoping is that you can all scribble down (and then post) your first thoughts on the scene straight after you've seen the episode.  I'd like if we could compare our mental images and expectations from reading the chapters to our initial reactions after seeing it on screen, and then start to reflect on things further once we've had time to think through and discuss with each other.Hope that makes sense.  In the meantime, it's great to see the discussion still going strong.Inevittable
4106	SnowyJon	2013-05-30	I too hope they keep Cat slashing Jinglebell's throat in there, but I don't think they will.  Nobody has *any* clue who Jinglebells is and it wouldn't carry much weight.  I can see how tough it is to translate to screen.IIRC, nobody who read the books knew who Jinglebells was either until the wedding. Don't see why they wouldn't include him (although I don't think they will).Anyways, the most memorable thing for me was Cat describing the drums "boom doom boom doom". Such an ominous and heartwretching scene.
4107	AegonSnow	2013-05-30	"Jamie Lannister sends his regards"
4108	AegonSnow	2013-05-30	What if they pull a switch and have Cat killed first and then Robb, since he might be POV.
4109	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-30	"Jamie Lannister sends his regards"It's probably going to be, "The Lannisters send their regards" in the show version.  I hope all of the book purists have prepared themselves.
4110	Tony Inchpractice	2013-05-31	How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?After reading the book, I thought about this quite a bit. One of the initial ways I thought it could play out on TV would be to have the Red Wedding going on at the same time as Joffrey and Margery<U+0080><U+0099>s wedding. This is, of course, not consistent with the book but could work from a dramatic POV. The royal wedding feast takes place showing everyone happy and celebrating would be intercut in contrast with the massacre at the Red Wedding with The Rains of Castamere (possibly the National version but with drums that rise) being heard on the soundtrack - the song was played a the royal wedding too, you see. This was one of my first ideas of how they would do it. However, I'm now predicting that the season cliff-hanger could be Jeffrey<U+0080><U+0099>s poisoning so I'm now pretty sure they will not go down this route of having simultaneous weddings and the trailer didn<U+0080><U+0099>t suggest the royal wedding taking place in Ep 9. Plus, I think intercutting it with the royal wedding would diminish the significance of the event. I now think that most of it will be from Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s POV as in the books where she starts to figure out the trap and I think they will intercut it with Arya and the Hound. They may have little hints that things are about to go very badly, such as Grey Wind not liking Lothar Frey but I think the mood will change most quickly after the bedding ceremony. I think the rising drums will be emphasised heavily and that the violence is going to be very, very graphic. They are using amputees for the scene so expect some nasty stuff. I initially had a feeling that Talisa would be standing in for Dacey Mormont, which would mean that she will get an axe in the stomach. The bit where the doors swing open and the men with axes enter I always thought to be very powerful because it<U+0080><U+0099>s sort of like the gates of hell open. However, there is this Talisa spy theory going around which could stand in for the Sybill Spicer involvement in the plot that transpires in the books. So who knows.There will be a moment, I think, where they attempt to get the viewers hopes up when the Northmen arrive but, of course, that will be spun on its head. One thing I really, really hope they do not do is have Blackfish stand in for SmallJohn and Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s bannermen and have him killed at the RW. I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think they will do this but if they do I will be very, very pissed <U+0080><U+0093> the bit with Blackfish and Jaime at the siege of Riverrun is just too iconic to be left out.  I think that it could be cool that when Cat has Jingle Bell, or whoever, in an attempt to save Robb, there is a silence and footsteps are suddenly heard which get louder and we see the back of Roose Bolton as he slowly walks out. I can see Robb, full of arrows, falling on his knees grasping at Bolton<U+0080><U+0099>s mid-drift, similar to the scene in the series where Jaime falls to his knees when he meets Bolton at Harrenhall. Bolton will act as if he is helping Robb up, look at him, say the line, and then stab him. His face will be expressionless as he kills Robb. Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s descent into madness will be the make or break scene. They need to make it convincing enough so that the Frey<U+0080><U+0099>s can almost justify it as a <U+0080><U+009C>mercy<U+0080><U+009D> killing. This was, for me, more shocking than Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s death so I think it cannot be botched by the directors.And I hope, as do many other people I have spoken to, that the final episode shot will be a scanning across the massacre showing all the nasty details and then rising to show the final image: Robb with Grey Wolf's sown on his body looking right at the camera. But I also thought that they could start episode 10 with something like Daenerys' vision in the House of the Undying, but instead as someone's dream where they see the aftermath of the Red Wedding, which would be initially similar to the scene at the start of the series where Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s army discover the massacre at Harrenhall, and eventually discover dead Robb. Suddenly, Grey Wind eyes would look at the person experiencing the dream and they wake up. Then cut to scenes of people describing the desecration of Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s body to Stannis, Joffrey etc. In the books, Theon actually has a very macabre dream about a feast where everyone is dead or wounded. I think that would be brilliant to visualise something like this on screen at some point.Anyway, whatever they do I think it will be unforgettable According to David Benioff, the RW was a big part of their motivation to adapt the novels for television in the first place. So I don<U+0080><U+0099>t think they will botch this.
4111	Where Boars Glow	2013-05-31	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?For me one was the music. I remember how many times they kept talking about how bad it was and how much it sounded like a disjointed cacophony and I just pictured that getting worse and worse as these musicians started firing crossbow bolts into a crowd on unarmored drunk guests. The other huge image was Cat's desperation of grabbing Jinglebells when she knew she couldn<U+0080><U+0099>t reach Walder Frey. You could just feel the desperation...and resolve of a mother who had lost everything.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I think anyone<U+0080><U+0099>s POV wouldn't have captured as well. The sheer horror of Cat, and the desperate innocence of Arya. The one I think could have been very interesting would be Roose Bolton. A very calculated man who I don't think is quite the straight villain his son is. I wonder what kind of remorse and fear he was going through. I wonder if he thought about what this would mean of his name. That he would forever be remembered on a level with Walder Frey. I just think a POV from the other side of the horrible scene might have held value.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I am excited to see. I think the key will be the timing. How subtitle can they make the hints. A glint of armor, weapons on Freys, the music being played pourly, Walders japes and digs getting worse, Robs bannermen becoming drunk and unaware, the rate which Catlyns tension builds as she turns that gut feeling into realization. Will enough of these things happen before that moment of climax? I worry to that they will try and dramatize Rob's death more then necessary. Have him falling in slow motion crying out Nooooooo. I think this will detract from a human drama that has enough emotion for what it is without cheesing it up. I also wonder how the changes to who will be at the wedding will play out (Talisa,Blackfish, ect)How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I think and hope it will be incredible. One of the most powerful things I have ever read and I have high expectations. I personally have felt most of the changes from the text were necessary to transpose into a Television format. I am hoping this will work out as well. 
					
					
							Edited by Where Boars Glow, 31 May 2013 - 12:06 PM.
4112	SelaBela	2013-05-31	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?My first reaction was "No, no, this isn't happening.." Pure denial.  I thought they had a chance of fighting their way out, hiding behind the table.  The most vivid images for me, upon re-reads and initially, actually, was the food.  I just remember being completely grossed out by the food they were served and thinking "crappy wedding..".  I remember being disappointed that Robb didn't have Grey Wind with him, and feeling completely uneasy the entire time the Stark party was at the Twins.  When Dacey touched the guy wearing mail, and her face just dropped, and Catelyn's like "what happened there.." and she starts to investigate, it was like the bottom fell out of my stomach. I was SO ANGRY when I was reading from Arya's perspective, thinking "HOW could they just set all his men's tents on fire like that! What a waste of human life!" and THEN I thought Arya had been killed by the Hound, after being *this* close to her family.  I was so angry, and sad.  And I had NO ONE to talk to about it! Until I found this forum.  My mouth was probably agape for the whole Jinglebell thing, even though I was thinking "that'll never work, Old Man Frey doesn't care about one out of a hundred offspring".  I was most shocked I think that Catelyn died in the end as well, it was just a slap on an already beat up face.This may sound silly but this reminds me of people reminiscing about where they were on 9/11 and when they found out, talking about how they felt, and its almost if not as tragic.  Judge away!How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I don't think we would have gotten the same emotional impact from any other perspectives. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I hope they do it justice. I don't know how they could, but they just have to. 			And mine are long and sharp, my lord, 			as long and sharp as yours. That is so powerful, reading those lyrics.  Since we've only heard "And so he spoke, and he so he spoke, that lord of Castamere and now the rains weep o'er his hall with no one there to hear" in the show, I'm not sure they could have the same impact they had on book readers.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I'm not looking forward to it, but its so momentous and completely changes your expectations of the end of the books, that they HAVE to do it justice.  They just have to! I am looking forward to an emotional phone call from my mom, as well as all the Unsullied blowing up on facebook; they will finally know what I've felt.
4113	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	I am looking forward to the episode and dreading it at the same time.  Since Catelyn is one of my favorite characters, I hope HBO and D&D do her justice and make such an epic scene everyone will be traumatized and talking about it for weeks to come.  I can't think of a more intense scene for any of the book-to-show translations.
I hope they get the music right - the way the book tells it the music was performed horribly - out of key, etc.  Then the Rains of Castamere starts and Cat figures it out.  I hope she slaps Walder Frey, but it will probably be one of the other Frey men (or possibly Bolton).
4114	Blazing Vortex	2013-05-31	I've been waiting so long for this one scene - I can barely contain myself. I never give anything major away but I tell all my friends and family that this week's episode is the "big episode" of the series, which has made them all really curious about WTF is going to happen. Can't wait to see everyone's reactions.What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Unfortunately for me, I knew about the Red Wedding before reading it in the book. To be honest I had never even heard of ASOIAF until season 2 of GoT was airing. My brother let me borrow the DVD set of season 1 and I became hooked, and started following the show closely after that. During the time between season 2 and 3 I read the books, but unfortunately I had been spoiled to a lot of the major events that happened in the books thanks to the wonderful internet.For me though, even though I knew the RW was coming, the scene still had a huge impact. I think the same goes for a lot of people, but the two most vivid images of the scene in my head are when Cat first discovers the chainmail beneath Edwyn Frey's clothes, and Cat's final moments when she loses her mind. They're kind of like the bookends of all the craziness that happened at the RW so they stick out the most in my mind.The single most vivid image I have though is Cat clawing at her face. For some reason that has always stuck out to me as like the defining moment of that whole scene. I felt it really represented her unbearable grief and her quick descent into insanity.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I'd agree with mostly everyone else - the scene just wouldn't have had the same impact if told from any other perspective. Cat and Arya perfectly depict the emotion behind the scene - it wouldn't have been as emotional from anyone else's POV.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Like I said before I have a very vivid mental image of this scene - like I'm sure everyone else does - and while I'm always hopeful the show will do it justice, I know it's impossible for it to perfectly match the image in my mind. But I'm okay with that. I just really hope D&D manage to capture the feel of the scene the right way. They need to set the tone early on - not make anything too obvious, but make it seem as though something isn't quite right.There are certain things about the scene that I know need to be changed for casting/budget reasons, like certain characters that I know will be excluded - yeah, there are a lot of Stark bannermen that get slaughtered as well, but a lot of them in the book aren't given much development anyway so it's not like I ever had any real personal attachment to any of them. I think just the fact that all these Northernmen are getting killed off will be enough for viewers to realize the seriousness of the scene. Also, I don't believe I've heard anything about Jinglebell being cast for the show, but he could easily be replaced by another nameless Frey.I just really hope certain things about the scene are depicted in the episode, like:- The bad musicians- Walder Frey sitting on his "throne"- Cat finding the chainmail under Edwyn's (or whatever Frey they decide to use) clothes- Somebody (probably not Dacey since she's not in the show...maybe Talisa?) getting axed in the stomach - aside from Robb and Cat's deaths obviously, this one in particular stood out to me the most in this scene- The "boom doom" drum when the rest of the music stops- Cat holding a Frey hostage and sawing his neck when Robb gets stabbed- Cat sobbing and clawing at her faceAs long as these things are depicted in the scene, I'll be satisfied.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Not that I'm looking forward to Robb and Cat dying, because I enjoy both characters (although I have to say Robb has been coming across as being really stupid in the show), but this scene to me is one of the most memorable scenes in any book I've ever read so of course I'm looking forward to seeing how it will play out on screen.I will also point out that I've seen a lot of people say that Catelyn has been so under-utilized this season, which I will agree with to an extent. She has definitely seemed like more of a background character this season which is a shame, because casual viewers might be starting to forget about her a bit, so the RW scene won't really have the same kind of impact.BUT, at the same time, there's not a whole lot that happens in Cat's chapters that we haven't seen already on the show this season. A lot of the stuff in her chapters has to do with Robb - like when he tells her he's married Jeyne Westerling, and when he beheads Karstark, and when he negotiates with the Freys. Aside from her time as a prisoner at Riverrun and her reaction to her father's funeral (which we've already seen on the show), there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of content in ASoS for Cat's character until the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Blazing Vortex, 31 May 2013 - 09:26 PM.
4115	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-05-31	I've been waiting so long for this one scene - I can barely contain myself. I never give anything major away but I tell all my friends and family that this week's episode is the "big episode" of the series, which has made them all really curious about WTF is going to happen. Can't wait to see everyone's reactions.I've avoided doing that.  The big scene likely won't come until the last 10 mins of the episode, so telling people to expect something big would likely put them on high alert, waiting for something to happen and looking a little too hard for would-be surprises.  Just let it happen naturally.As it is, I think too many TV viewers will probably be expecting some kind of climactic event being that it's the penultimate episode, and that they might approach the wedding scene with a good idea of what could happen.
					
					
							Edited by Shitmouth the Wise, 31 May 2013 - 09:45 PM.
4116	Blazing Vortex	2013-05-31	I've avoided doing that.  The big scene likely won't come until the last 10 mins of the episode, so telling people to expect something big would likely put them on high alert, waiting for something to happen and looking a little too hard for would-be surprises.  Just let it happen naturally.As it is, I think too many TV viewers will probably be expecting some kind of climactic event being that it's the penultimate episode, and that they might approach the wedding scene with a good idea of what could happen.You do have a point, I should just let it all happen naturally - but then again, like you said, the second to last episode, at least in this show, always seems to have a major event that happens.I guess when the episode gets down to the last few minutes my unsullied friends will probably expect something bad will happen at the wedding - maybe they'll expect Robb to get killed, but I think a lot of people are going to be blown away by Cat also getting killed. That was certainly a surprise to me when I first heard about it.
4117	Ralph	2013-06-01	I bought and read all 5 books after seeing season one and two of the HBO series. I was not spoiled about the red wedding, but I've seen a couple of minutes of a comic con panel where George mentioned how hard it was to write a certain scene in the third book and how he postponed writing again and again so he wrote it last. So I knew there was something big coming, but somehow by the time I came to book three I thought it would be at the end of the book. Luckily that meant full impact when I read it :-)What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Well let's start with the mental images: oddly enough for me it is the room emptying. After that the crossbow shooting musicians that played so loud and badly the whole evening.Reaction: throwing the book at the wall (literally) and steaming off to my kitchen for a coffee. I had a couple free days and read late at night. Red Wedding was about 3 in the morning. Picked the book up again expecting to read how Arya and The Hound find Robb and Catelyn. End of the chapter I cursed Martin the magnificent Bastard.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I can't think of another pov that would make the scenes better, the men died too early to describe much so Catelyn is perfect. Sandor would be OK, his fighting could be more detailed but the Arya is perfect for emotions.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?Pretty much as in the books.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am looking forward to that scene since I knew it would be in season 3. It is the scene with the most emotional impact to me, they will get it right, and I will weep like a baby again :-).The Red Wedding is one of the three most emotional scenes in fiction I experienced. The other two are in Doctor Who and the video game Freelancer (
	Spoiler episode Doomsday when Rose and The Doctor are parted; in Freelancer breaking into a structure and realising it's a Dyson Sphere
).
4118	a shadow	2013-06-01	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I read it through at a (I think) normal pace and kept reading further, having a thought that "something must be done about it" and "I wonder if there is anyone to do something about it". This could be the reason the first picture of the Red Wedding that comes to mind for me is Raynald Westerling escaping, badly wounded. It doesn't even come from the relevant chapters, someone mentions it afterwards. But I got wondering what it will mean to him, if he is still alive.I also remember Robb trying to stay standing and trying to get a grip on what is happening. Catelyn ruining her face. And I imagine the Hound's eyes and tightening in his pose when he realises things and swings his axe at Arya to save her.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I think it would be more "narrow". Catelyn was alert, watching every detail and in the last moments she put all her life into Robb, expanding the view. She was at the centre and the heart of what happened. While someone else would likely be able to give only some facts from the nearest proximity and recount the conclusion.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I am ot sure if the suspence and emotion we got from the POVs can be shown sufficiently.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am not looking for anything very specific. Except that they should keep it as much on Catelyn as possible.Mostly it is only about the practical things: let the scene be done well as a sign that the TV series still have any life in it.I am also not in the perfect understanding about "under 18", hyphotetically. 
					
					
							Edited by A Shadow, 01 June 2013 - 05:23 AM.
4119	Champion of Light	2013-06-01	I didn't throw the book away, because my brain wasn't able to digest what just had happened. I was wondering what the hell had happened, and just couldn't understand. I had to read the last part to really confirm that Robb and Catelyn really did die. I think the fact that it happened in the middle of the book made it even harder to understand, since usually a moment THAT big is left for the end, but then again, ASoS did have a lot of big stuff happening towards the end.I had quite the same reaction. I was just so stunned after reading Arya's chapter that I wasn't able to throw my book. Instead I made sure I read well and hadn't misunderstood something. The most difficult thing reading this chapters was how much I kept having hope until the last word and just realized how three main characters whom two were my favorites had been just killed that way. I was destroyed.
4120	Vicious Fire	2013-06-01	I won't say I'm not excited about watching this scene, but I'm sure it'll leave a bittersweet flavor in my mouth until monday.What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?As I was expecting a big argument from Walder Frey towards Robb for breaking his oath, I even thought they'd send someone to kill Jeyne. Unluckily for me, it caught me off guard.I always thought Catelyn reminded me of my own mother and her death during the Red Wedding was what hit me the most.I started reading the books after season two and nobody around me had read them already, after reading this I wanted to talk to someone about it but couldn't. And coming on this board wasn't an option with so many book spoilers.I began posting like crazy on Twitter without giving away much and even thought GRRM had the Lannisters on higher grounds. Thankfully the Purple Wedding came just few chapters later.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It was perfect the way it was, Cat to see what was happening inside and Arya outside. I didn't believe for a second that Arya was killed or caught, though.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen? They put on great care on scenes like this one (Blackwater, Baelor). I'll try my best to separate the images I have from reading it in the book and focus on how this scene develops on its own in the show.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?There are many scenes that I'm looking forward to see on the show. And that's because they're major events and turning points in the story.The most intriguing thing to me right now is what is going to happen with this Talisa woman, that's what I'm looking forward to see in this scene, because everything else I know. Like most people, I think she will take the place of Dacey Mormont.
					
					
							Edited by Vicious Fire, 01 June 2013 - 11:44 PM.
4121	Tyryan Lannister	2013-06-02	The thing that is most vivid for me isn't even in the books, but rather my reaction to the scene.  It was late at night, I finished the scene, and literally threw the book across the room and loudly cursed Martin for over an hour, shouting such things as (pardon the language) "How the fuck could you fucking do that, you fucking fuck!" and "Oh, I see, you are trying to just end that storyline so you can simply end it, and this is your cop out" and a bunch of other things like that.  Finally, after well over an hour of cursing Martin in that way, I picked the book back up, placed in on the table, and went to bed, immediately continuing the reading in the morning from where I left off.  Once I got into Feast (NOTE: started the series after Feast but before Dance--it was a little bit before the TV series began running), I came to the realization that Martin needed something like the Red Wedding to happen so that he could officially end the first part of the "trilogy"--that being Game of Thrones--and begin the second part: A Dance with Dragons.  Once I started reading Feast, and, in particular, the Jaime and Cersei chapters, it became obvious to me that Robb needed to be out of the picture and the realm practically unified for Jaime's redemption arc to truly being taking form and for Cersei's Nixonian-Self-Destruction Arc to begin as well (well, Robb's death and end of that war, coupled with Joffrey and Tywin being out of the picture, but still...).  Also, once Dance was released, it became even more evident that Robb needed to die for the overall plot to move along (elsewise certain things such as Theon's redemption, which I deem as being vital to Bran connecting with Stannis and Stannis' eventual transformation into the new Night's King, would not be possible).  Learning, after the fact, that when writing Storm, Martin wrote the entire book, and then went back and wrote the Red Wedding chapter, and that the chapter was, according to him, the hardest thing he's ever written, has also taken a lot of my frustration away.
As to the unsullied reaction, yeah, really can't wait to see those people blow a gasket.  For me personally, despite the fact that it is still such a difficult chapter to get through, the Red Wedding has been the scene from this season (and really the entire series so far) that I have been most looking forward to--it depresses me to no end that this is the case, but I am very much looking forward to it and I hope that they do it justice (and as a side note, the writers this season have done a superb job of foreshadowing that something big is going to happen without giving away any of the details, just as it is in the book, so kudos to them).
As to Talisa, I have this feeling that, especially since we know she is with child, she will be replacing (Jeyne) Arya in becoming Ramsay's wife, and that he and Roose will become Regent of the North in place of Lord of the North, with the intent being that this is the case until such a time as Ramsay gets her with child and does away with the Stark babe.
4122	7V3N	2013-06-02	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I knew something was wrong, I just didn't know what. The mood just felt... creepy. The most vivid image was Roose Bolton walking in with his sword. Then Cat cutting the throat on Jinglebells.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I think if it were by someone like the Greatjon it would have been more pleasant. Cat had an eye out and knew something was off. I think that the Greatjon or Edmure would have described it in a much more pleasant way, without the grim feeling.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I imagine it will be very much like the scene in season one where Robert visits Winterfell and they have a feast -- everyone enjoying their time, laughing and joking.  Only this time, instead of a mean, serious-looking Cersei, we will have Cat looking cautious and perhaps paranoid. I think Robb will play the humble king to Frey, just as the books, and Edmure will be drunk and laughing without a worry.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?Season 2 made me cautious about coming back to the show. This scene was the reason I was going to watch no matter what. It was the most emotional moment of my reading, and the way GRRM wrote it just made you (as the reader) know something bad was going to happen, you just never knew what nor did you expect it would be something like what it was.All in all this scene in the books made me feel completely wrecked, almost an out of body experience. I had to put the book down and just go do something... happy. It felt like getting dumped by your girlfriend almost, just like your heart was ripped out and you never saw it coming.
4123	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-02	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?Unfortunately, I read this chapter during a moment of "depression", in the sense that I was not very happy with some aspects of my life. It was late and I was ready to stop reading, in order to sleep. But when I reached that part, I didn't immediately realize what was happen. I had to rewind two or three phrases to catch everything that was happening. I felt so angered with all the injustice of the scene and the fact that Arya could not meet her mother left me frustrated. But I continued to read and eventually reached the Purple Wedding, which calmed me down a little bit. However, from that moment on, I always felt depressed when reading an Arya's or Sansa's chapter.How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?It is hard to say. I think from the PoV of Robb the description would not have been so different, except more heartbreaking perhaps.How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I expect them to leave a strong impression on the non-readers, almost at the same level as the death of Ned Stark, only more surprising. I cannot think of the details, since my memory regarding the original events that were described in the books are not so vivid.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?In my opinion, this scene is ASOIF in a nutshell. It represents the complete destruction of hope in the triumph of honor, personified by the Starks. I am really looking forward to the reaction of the non-readers, which I think will be a measure of quality of the show.
4124	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-06-02	Initial reaction: I was physically sick to my stomach. I experienced shock and bewilderment even though I saw it coming. I think I experienced this because it's terrible to read about how characters I cared for we're brutally murdered. 
The most vivid image for me is Lord Bolton stabbing Rob through the back because that image more than any other represented what was happening in that chapter: the ultimate betrayal. 
I think it would have been extremely interesting to have seen the POV of Lord Frey or Bolton. What exactly was going on through their minds leading up to the massacre? Did Bolton have doubts about what he was about to do? Probably not 
I can't even imagine how this will play out on screen. The scene will without a doubt be the most challenging (at least acting-wise) of the entire series to adapt. From what we know the actors felt completely drained when the scene was over so my expectations are pretty high. 
A lot of people, including myself, have said they can't wait for this scene. To the outsider this probably appears grotesque. Do so many people really want to see their beloved characters massacred? I think not. I'm looking forward to this scene because as stated previously it is so challenging. If done right the entire audience will feel heartbroken. If done right it will only amplify why people love this show--because there's nothing else like it on tv. What other show could make you feel such extreme emotions? This is why I'm so excited. I want to see if the actors/producers pulled it off. If they do it will be a remarkable accomplishment that earns the respect of the masses and ensures the longevity of the series.
4125	WriterIsComing	2013-06-02	In a show with so much action, violence, and intrigue, it's challenging to see how they'll handle these deaths. They must be different, just as Ned's was in season one. Some deaths simply mean more than the deaths of those who simply "lay with lions."
The Red Wedding is about the extinguishing of hope. The end to any illusion that wealth and power do not conquer all, in the world of Westeros. I see its portrayal as tragic, in an abstract sense, but with tears, in the physical: both on the part of Robb, realizing for his last moments of life, that he has failed, and on the part of his mother, who has also failed to protect her child.
I see Robb's stabbing being the last sound heard in the scene, with Djawadi's Stark theme played, perhaps on a solo violin. A requiem. Grey Wind's last howl. The sound of Catelyn's wails and sobs perhaps being the only other sound heard. I've dreaded seeing this scene, but I expect it to be well done, however it's portrayed.
4126	WinterWarrior	2013-06-02	Regarding the Book RW:
I appreciate the atmospherics that GRRM included, like the smell of the men sitting next to Cat, the drunkenness of different guests, who ate what....sword belts hung on the wall rather than around guests waists, poor choice of food that was served, dogs snarling.....
There were many shocking things but for me it was the end as Catlyn was clawing her own face and feeling the blood run down it as she died. I had no sympathy for Robb since he was so stupid to marry Jeyne....actually i did not have any sympathy for most of the men. It was Catlyn's experience that hit me the hardest and Daisy Mormont with an axe in her belly. Maybe because I am female. The men deserved what they got.
But not Greywind, the death and mutilation of the wolf bothered me more than Robb's. That really upset me but not as much as the death of Lady earlier when I first experienced GRRM's willingness to kill off important characters. Lady was the first to die.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 02 June 2013 - 10:16 AM.
4127	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Regarding the Book RW:I appreciate the atmospherics that GRRM included, like the smell of the men sitting next to Cat, the drunkenness of different guests, who ate what....sword belts hung on the wall rather than around guests waists, poor choice of food that was served, dogs snarling.....There were many shocking things but for me it was the end as Catlyn was clawing her own face and feeling the blood run down it as she died. I had no sympathy for Robb since he was so stupid to marry Jeyne....actually i did not have any sympathy for most of the men. It was Catlyn's experience that hit me the hardest and Daisy Mormont with an axe in her belly. Maybe because I am female. The men deserved what they got.But not Greywind, the death and mutilation of the wolf bothered me more than Robb's. That really upset me but not as much as the death of Lady earlier when I first experienced GRRM's willingness to kill off important characters. Lady was the first to die.The men deserved what they got ...?I believe Joffrey agrees with you, but I don't think anyone deserved what happened at the RW, no matter how you look at it. Yes, he betrayed the wet shit Frey's trust, which was stupid, still doesn't mean someone deserves to die for being a bit naive, stupid and in love. And the men following Robb were men who believed in his cause, who wanted an independent North with Robb as their king, don't know why they should deserve to die because of that.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 10:53 AM.
4128	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-06-02	The men deserved what they got ...?I believe Joffrey agrees with you, but I don't think anyone deserved what happened at the RW, no matter how you look at it. Yes, he betrayed the wet shit Frey's trust, which was stupid, still doesn't mean someone deserves to die for being a bit naive, stupid and in love. And the men following Robb were men who believed in his cause, who wanted an independent North with Robb as their king, don't know why they should deserve to die because of that.Agreed. Robb deserved to lose the Freys support. But outright betrayal and murder after he tried to make amends? Absolutely not
4129	lizziebeth	2013-06-02	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?My initial reaction was shock.  I actually dropped the book and had to take a few minutes to process what had just happened, and then re-read it multiple times to make sure I hadn't misread.  The most vivid mental images for me are the musicians with the crossbows, Cat holding Jinglebell at knifepoint, and Roose stabbing Robb saying "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".  How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?I would like to see how this played out from Robb's point of view.  We never got to see inside his head, but I wish we had. I would particularly like to know if he had any suspicions, especially when they made him leave Grey Wind outside.  Reading his final thoughts might've been even more heartbreaking than "Ned loved my hair".  Was he regretting his decision to marry Jeyne?  Was he angry for trusting the Freys?  Was he telling himself that the Freys will be forever cursed for violating guest right? How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I would imagine that a lot of things would have to be going on to recreate the scene as I saw it in my mind.  A large room with many tables, filled with various Northmen and Freys, all eating and drinking, the vast majority being quite drunk.  Multiple musicians with loud music permeating the whole scene. Robb and Cat at the main table looking uncomfortable, but trying to seem like they're enjoying the party.  Walder Frey presiding over the whole event looking gleeful and very pleased with himself.  Edmure being completely enchanted with Roslin and fairly drunk.  Roslin looking like the timid new bride, but smiling.  They call for the bedding, and all the drunken celebrants eagerly leave the room stripping Edmure and Roslin and shouting crude jokes. As the sounds of the crowd dies down as they get further from the hall, a tense silence remains.  A single drummer begins a slow beat as we see those who've remained behind. A singer slowly begins humming the "Rains of Castamere" to the beat of the drum.  Robb and Cat both get a split second of realization that something is very wrong and the musicians pop up with the crossbows and the slaughter begins. We see a blade emerge through the front of Robb's chest before panning up to see Roose Bolton behind him saying "Jaime Lannister sends his regards". A look of complete devastation on Cat's face before she grabs a random Frey hostage (since we've not been introduced to Jinglebell), holding a knife to his throat while trying to bargain for her life with Walder Frey. Cat slicing the random Frey's throat when Walder refuses.  Cat being dragged away from Walder by her hair.  Then cut to Arya and the Hound outside being able to hear "Rains of Castamere" from the Twins, as well as Grey Wind's howling (which is promptly silenced, indicating the death of the wolf), and the Hound makes Arya flee with him to avoid being killed as well. In a later scene we would see Cat's dead body in the river. How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am looking forward to this scene because if it's done right, it will be incredible to see.  The way it's described is so rich and full of detail that it's almost made to be portrayed on screen and I can't wait to see it.   On the other hand, if the scene is done as well as I hope,  it will be completely devastating emotionally and probably make me cry.  But the hallmark of good story-telling is being able to evoke strong emotions in the viewer which this scene should be completely able to do.
4130	Bluemangosteen	2013-06-02	I think that the thum thum thum of the drums got to me and then the realisation by Cat that something was amiss.  Like others, I did not realise that Cat was clawing at her face until a retread.
4131	teemo	2013-06-02	I was 15...and a speed reader, unfortunately.  I wish I slowed down so I could have been more observant.  However, I was in shock.  I was already shaken up because I previously thought Bran and Rickon were seriously dead, and I started going through to find more Cat chapters and found....zero.  I just couldn't believe it.  The Robbwind thing really terrified me.
4132	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-06-02	I've been looking forward to this episode for a long time now, but today I felt oddly queasy thinking about it.  Not sure if that's because of what will happen on the show, or out of concern for how they pull it off.
4133	Granatto	2013-06-02	I hope they "kill' Arya, that's will get a lot of hate by spectators
4134	Lurtz of Orthanc	2013-06-02	What were your initial reactions when you first read the scene?  What are the most vivid mental images you have of it?I had been semi-spoiled by the wiki that Melisandre's prophecy with the leeches was going to come true, so it didn't come out of nowhere. However, Cat's death was still a surprise. I was still pretty enthralled by the whole business. My most vivid mental image is Robb Stark, wounded with 2 arrows, getting stabbed from behind by Roose Bolton, right through the chest. How do you think it would have been described from a different point of view than Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s or Arya<U+0080><U+0099>s?If it was from Robb's POV, it would have played out a bit like Jon's 'death' in ADWD. How do you imagine the scene will play out on screen?I think Robb won't take such grievous wounds from the crossbows - if any at all. He and Cat will be the last two standing, and it will look like Roose Bolton is coming to help him, until Roose either A. stabs him or B. (what I think would be more effective) decapitates him on the spot.How much (if at all) are you looking forward to the scene? Can you say why?I am looking forward to it with a lot of anticipation, and want to see how the Unsullied react. I also am excited to see how they foreshadow and then portray the carnage onscreen. The Red Wedding never got me down too much, since Jon and Dany and Bran are the really important Starks, not Robb or Cat. So I'm just excited.
4135	cybobbie	2013-06-02	Well I've read the book long time ago, but I clearly remember that I had to stop more than once and wait for a while before I could keep reading, since it was the most shocking part of the books, despite the fact that I had the feeling that something bad was coming. However I didn't see the whole horror that really happened coming. Cat's pov was specially hard to read and the image her screaming and clawing at her face was really hard because was so vivid in my mind while I was reading it. The way that they treated the corpses was really upsetting and of course Rob's corpse with the grey wind's head was another scene that was so vivid that I still picture it on my mind.As for the scene and the whole episode tonight I can say that despite the fact that I'm looking forward to see how they will show it and also the reaction of my non reader friends, I'm also kind of worried because of how violent the scene is on the screen, I mean probably very hard to digest even knowing what is coming. I don't have a special picture on my head on how they will do it, but if they follow the book, it will be very gruesome and violent, specially if they do with the bodies what they did in the book and also if Cat's scene is well done with her totally losing her mind.
4136	tmug	2013-06-03	For some reason, I always pictured the RW being held outdoors because of Arya's perspective when she and the Hound show up. I think that will have more impact on people then Cat and Robb and co. She spent all this time and effort to get back to her family after her father's beheaded only to get there after everything has happened. As interested as I am seeing how Cat pulls it off, Arya should have an even more tragic feeling.This is how i see it played out cinematically:Cat will be uneasy the whole time with the Freys. Blackfish will reinforce those feelings but some reason, he won't be at the RW. We all know what Rains of Castamere sounds like at this point. That will be the backing music while this whole farce takes off. Cat tries to leave but is held up, she notices the chainmail and then bam. She turns around and the Freys have Talisa at knife point, Robb is held down as they take her away. Robb screams, screaming for Grey Wind as well. The Freys drag in Grey Winds corspe filled with arrows. Cat sees this and grabs one of Walder's wives at knife point. Cat begs for mercy, Walder mocks Cat and his own wife. Then cut to a closeup to a pair of boots walking in the place with a soft spoken, "The Lannisters send their regard." Then we see Roose do his thing to Robb. Cat out of anger slits the throat of the wife and then one of Walders sons does Cat while she sobs over Robb.I doubt we will see Robb's corpse afterwards. I like the idea that news about the RW spreads and people will have different recounts of the actual events. Some will say Robb turned into his wolf and tried to murder everyone, others will correct them saying they merely sewed the boy's wolf's head to his body.Not sure about Talisa and the Blackfish. I can easily see the Blackfish go down in a blaze of glory as well. Taking out a bunch of Freys along the way. Talisa is the wild card for book readers. Something to keep us on our toes because we all know how the RW plays out. Talisa is the person we don't know what will happen to and to keep us watching and talking. I would personally like to see her go the way of Cat but I think Talisa is a wuss. Roose could end up telling her to attend to all the corpses afterwards, that would be so cruel.I am glad that I had this in writing somewhere. I have to admit, I had a few things pretty spot on about this scene. I was disappointed in how Bolton slipped in and prison shanked the King of the North. It seemed so un Roose-like to do something like that. I knew they wouldn't villanize Jaime so padding Roose's line by saying 'the Lannisters send there regard' demonizes Tywin a but more. Viewers were made to sympathize for him more, I was okay with the change, makes sense. They are setting him up for more for Season 4.Jingle Bells/Frey wife, I knew they would sub her instead of Jingle to be PC and all. Thanks HBO! You wont murder a mildly retarded Frey but you will stab a prego lady Queen, lol. The way they introduced the Frey wife in Season 1 made it easy to tell she was a goner.I was wrong about the Blackfish and Talisa, my god. Even this was surprising, even for HBO. Killing babies, now unborns, ew. It really did add to the shock value, made for good tv.Oh and wildlings are really stupid not to scout an abandoned tower in the pouring rain.
4137	Mirri Maz Duur	2013-06-06	The most vivid mental image without a doubt is Robb with Grey Winds head, sitting on a throne with a crown. It pretty much symbolises Robb's demise and the Red Wedding to me and I'm dreading but...morbidly anticipating how they portray how the bodies were treated. I think that was the biggest shock and horror for me- how the bodies were treated.  I'm looking forward to finding out if Talisa is a spy and the non-book readers reactions to the RW. Sorry but I can't see them doing that without it looking stupid.
4138	Impish	2013-06-06	Sorry but I can't see them doing that without it looking stupid.Do you think the artwork out there depicting it (like http://i.imgur.com/w25i8.jpg) looks "stupid"?  Honest question.Television & film is all about the visuals.  "Don't tell, show".  I can't see them NOT including this.  It is powerful, gut-wrenching, and symbolizes things perfectly.  It has the potential to be one of the most iconic images of the entire show, IMHO.
4139	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-06	I agree. I can even picture some Freys mocking the 'king in the north' chant. But maybe that's too much.
4140	Died a Hero	2013-06-06	The mutilation of Robb and Cat's corpses. Particularly Robb's.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 06 June 2013 - 09:16 PM.
4141	Inevittable	2013-06-11	Hi all,
Now that the Red Wedding has passed on the show, let's move on to reflect on how the scene looked compared to how you imagined it. 
I will shortly be starting a new thread for discussions about that.
Thanks all,
Inevittable
ETA: You can find the new thread here: http://asoiaf.wester...ding-on-screen/
					
					
							Edited by Inevittable, 18 June 2013 - 02:41 PM.
4142	Ser-Bruce-Wayne	2013-05-31	So with the season 3 soundtrack released , and with Jaime telling Roose bolton to tell Robb Stark "the lannisters send their regards"   its seems obvious that this will replace Roose saying "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".
My question is does this have significant impact for Jaime Lannisters story in  "The Winds Of Winter". I was under the impression that uncat would be pissed at Jaime beacuse this is what Roose says as Robb is killed , implying to her that Jaime betrayed their arangment and was in on the whole red wedding plot so when the wench leads Jaime to uncat this will be on uncat's mind when she is deciding his fate.
Now that in the upcoming episode that line will be replaced with " the lannisters send their regards"  what do you guys think  it means for Jaime's faith in The Winds Of Winter.
4143	SkaggCannibal	2013-06-02	I don't know what it will mean in The Winds of Winter, but I'm pretty sure it means we will get an even more whitewasked Jaime on the show. I gues they will make it in the show more af a crazy uncat against a pretty decent Jaime, if we ever get so far on the show. It won't have an effect on the book tWoW, but that book isn't even out yet so we can't possibly have any idea how it will turn out.
4144	Starq	2013-06-02	I don't think it's right to discuss things that happen in ADwD, leading in to TWoW. Some people in this forum section have have read only as far as ASoS or AFFC.
4145	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I'm probably sounding silly, but they could have Roose himself change the line. We already had Jaime saying the Lannisters send their regards, but it could be Roose changes it to Jaime just to fuck with Catelyn and Robb. The unsullied would know what Jaime actually said, and that Roose changed it (if the unsullied can be trusted to remember Jaime's line two episodes ago). Hence we don't have a huge unsullied rage at Jaime, while at the same time we get to see how wicked Roose actually is, while at the same time keeping our Jaime Lannister sends his regards.
Yeah ... not going to happen /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
4146	JCrowley90	2013-06-02	Whereas UnCat's vendetta against Jaime is likely going to be very personal in TWoW because of Roose's line, I don't think the show's version is going to be affected too strongly by it. He remains a Lannister after all, so he is still a perfectly viable target for her vengeance with the new line.
4147	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	Now that in the upcoming episode that line will be replaced with " the lannisters send their regards"  what do you guys think  it means for Jaime's faith in The Winds Of Winter.Actually, Jaime said: "Tell Robb Stark I'm sorry to miss his uncle's wedding. The Lannister send their regards".In my opinion, If Bolton omits the first line and only uses the second he only condemns himself.Especially, once he takes over Winterfell and marries his bastard to "Arya".ETA: Catelyn can't tell if its the real Arya or not.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 01:44 PM.
4148	Kasrith	2013-06-02	more whitewasked Jaime on the show.Whitewashed Jaime?!
4149	Juli Cachet	2013-06-02	It'd bug me, but I think it doesn't really matter for Jaime's later storyline. UnCat wants to destroy all Freys and all Lannisters and Jaime is the closest Lannister at hand, so there wouldn't be much change in the end.
4150	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	It'd bug me, but I think it doesn't really matter for Jaime's later storyline. UnCat wants to destroy all Freys and all Lannisters and Jaime is the closest Lannister at hand, so there wouldn't be much change in the end.I've always thought Catelyn went after Jaime because of Brienne more than anything else.She found what was basically her friend with a Lannister sword, screaming this particular Lannister's name in her sleep, with a nickname such as "the Kingslayer's whore" and a Lannister squire calling her Ser- My-Lady..If you ask me, Cat is trying to prove Brienne and not Jaime.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 01:32 PM.
4151	go joff go	2013-06-02	Actually, Jaime said: "Tell Robb Stark I'm as sorry to miss his uncle's wedding. The Lannister send their regards".In my opinion, If Bolton omits the first line and only uses the second he only condemns himself.Especially, once he takes over Winterfell and marries his bastard to "Arya".ETA: Catelyn can't tell if its the real Arya or not.I'm confused what exactly did Jaimie say in the book.  Was it the Lannisters send their regards or was it send my regards?
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 02 June 2013 - 01:36 PM.
4152	MachoGrande	2013-06-02	Whitewashed Jaime?!While I thin the term "whitewashed" is too strong (and too overused...), I think it is basically a fair point. The showrunners oviously don't want the viewers to associate Jaime with something as horrible and offending as the Red Wedding, since, you know, Jaime is now "good". They want the audience to root for him now and because they changed the line into "the Lannisters send their regards", most of the viewers probably wont think of Jaime at that moment but of Tywin.Presonally I think they should have kept it as it was in the books. GRRM made a pretty bold move by having us remember Jaime during the RW, even though he was on his way to becimg a better person. It's the same reason I liked his repugnant  sex scene with period-Cersei next to Joff's corpse; Jaime having had a redemption arc doesn't exclude his relationship with his vile sister by default. It's only later wehen he sees what she truly is that his feelings towards her change (which he does as a consequence of his changed personality - it's not something that happens automatically because he has rescued Brienne from a bear or something)Now that I think of it, "whitewashed" is a completely inappropriate term, considering that Jaime killed his cousin last season and that he meant his line only as a joke, since he dind't have any part in the RW...
4153	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I'm confused what exactly did Jaimie say in the book.  Was it the Lannisters send their regards or was it send my regards?I was talking about the show. On the book  it was pretty much the same line except Jaime sent his own regards instead of his family's (and he never mentioned he was sorry to miss the uncle's wedding).
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 01:41 PM.
4154	tito5601	2013-06-02	[img]http://25.media.tumb...9h4heo2_250.jpg[/img]boltons weapon
4155	tito5601	2013-06-02	if the pic doesnt show just scroll down on this link till u see some non spoilerish pics from tonights ep http://www.ign.com/b...0117145/page-99
4156	Nezzer	2013-06-02	As much as I really, really love the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line, I agree with their reasoning for changing it. Due to the lack of internal monologue, it would make many people think Jaime and Roose plotted the RW off-screen, and that could ruin Jaime's entire redemption arc. At least Roose will send someone's regards to Robb, and that is enough to please me, but I'll still be in mourn for Jaime's regards /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4157	go joff go	2013-06-02	Ahh I see.  Personally I would prefer they keep it as Jaimie.  I understand the rationale to change it if it happens, to prevent confusion about whether Jaimie organized it, but I think Jaimies arc would be more interesting if at least for moment people thought Jaimie had a hand in it.  I will be sort of shocked if they change it as its arguably the most iconic line of the book.
4158	go joff go	2013-06-02	Please no spoilers.  Don't ruin it for people who have been waiting for years to see this episode.  You will be reported.
4159	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	if the pic doesnt show just scroll down on this link till u see some non spoilerish pics from tonights ep http://www.ign.com/b...0117145/page-99 /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />At first I thought it was Daario's, then it hit me like the crossbow bolts hit Robb.
4160	Sansa in the North	2013-06-02	I don't know what it will mean in The Winds of Winter, but I'm pretty sure it means we will get an even more whitewasked Jaime on the show. I gues they will make it in the show more af a crazy uncat against a pretty decent Jaime, if we ever get so far on the show. It won't have an effect on the book tWoW, but that book isn't even out yet so we can't possibly have any idea how it will turn out.I'm a massive Cat fan, but I've always seen this as a crazy uncat going against (arguably)decent Jaime. Uncat isn't really cat, her actions are pretty unreasonable and she's only motivated by vengeance. All they need to do to explain her wanting to kill Jaime is have someone on the show explain that she shouldn't have really been resurrected.
4161	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	ACTUALLY, I think it's possible they changed it specifically so that they could keep Jaime Lannister sends his regards.
If Jaime kept it general and sarcastic, it makes it clearer that it was just a joke. So when he tells Robb that Jaime specifically sends it, it does multiple things
1) Shows Ramsay to be a sick bastard like his son.
2) Lets him troll Robb before he kills him
3) Lets him troll Catelyn by reminding her how much she screwed up, making her think it's all her fault.
4) Makes it even clearer to the non-readers that he is taking Jaime's comment out of context, and that he was in on it even back when he released Jaime.
4162	tito5601	2013-06-02	/dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />At first I thought it was Daario's, then it hit me like the crossbow bolts hit Robb. rlly good design on that sword it screams house bolton /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4163	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-02	I feel pretty confident in stating that it won't change anything at all.
Cat will still have hatred for Jaime due to the reason that he was let go and Sanda and Arya was never given back. That Jaime had no chance of giving them back will be irrelevant and possibly even unknown to Cat. The thing with forcing Brienne to kill Jaime will also be natural since there's a link between them, so it will never be relevant to send Brienne after any other Lannister.
4164	King in the North Carolina	2013-06-02	I don't know what it will mean in The Winds of Winter, but I'm pretty sure it means we will get an even more whitewasked Jaime on the show."Whitewashed" has become one of those terms like "character assassination" that get used so frequently and innapropriately on these boards that they're usually a pretty good tipoff that the poster doesn't really have anything to say.Jaime is a sister-fucking narcissist who pushed a little kid out a window. If they meant to whitewash him, but left those things in, they don't know shit-all about whitewashing.
4165	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	Due to the lack of internal monologue, it would make many people think Jaime and Roose plotted the RW off-screen, and that could ruin Jaime's entire redemption arc.Since  the purpose of the plot was to explore betrayal, little could betray a man Catelyn considered an enemy such as Jaime Lannister.Roose Bolton, on the other hand, was a sworn bannerman who sent his own bastard after Theon Greyjoy, one of the few who stuck around after Karstark and understood her grief for Bran & Rickon.If the idea is to explore betrayal, this is the point where I would start.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 02:46 PM.
4166	SkaggCannibal	2013-06-02	Yeah I knew I would get slammed for using the term whitewashing, but it's not like there has been a ban on the word. You're all probably right and I'm a bit ahead of things. I'm just concerned that after Tyrion, they will also leave out the bad stuff about Jaime. When they changed the 'send my regards', I was thinking "ugh not again". I gues we will see later on where it will be heading, untill he reaches KL and Cersie/Joffrey's body. But if they do leave that, I'm entirely entitled to use the word whitewashed!
4167	shiola	2013-06-02	As much as I really, really love the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line, I agree with their reasoning for changing it. Due to the lack of internal monologue, it would make many people think Jaime and Roose plotted the RW off-screen, and that could ruin Jaime's entire redemption arc. At least Roose will send someone's regards to Robb, and that is enough to please me, but I'll still be in mourn for Jaime's regards /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Basically this.BUT just because Jaime said "the Lannisters send their regards" doesn't necessarily mean Roose has to say that same thing.  He can still say only "Jaime". I'm sure their goodbye at Harrenhal will be in the recap, so the audience will get it even if the words are changed.As far as what changing it means for tWoW... I'd argue nothing.  I don't think the show has anything to do with the future books (just like if Talisa dies at the RW, I still think Jeyne could be in hiding and be pregnant).  I think the show is going to write its own ending anyway.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 02:43 PM.
4168	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I've always thought Catelyn went after Jaime because of Brienne more than anything else.She found what was basically her friend with a Lannister sword, screaming this particular Lannister's name in her sleep, with a nickname such as "the Kingslayer's whore" and a Lannister squire calling her Ser- My-Lady..Cat will still have hatred for Jaime due to the reason that he was let go and Sanda and Arya was never given back. That Jaime had no chance of giving them back will be irrelevant and possibly even unknown to Cat. The thing with forcing Brienne to kill Jaime will also be natural since there's a link between them, so it will never be relevant to send Brienne after any other Lannister.Not to mention the fact that, on the books, the one who swore would give her daughters back was Tyrion instead of Tywin.If Catelyn really wanted to go after the guilty party, she would have asked Sansa to kill her Lord husband.Not Brienne to kill the Kingslayer.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 02:44 PM.
4169	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	"Whitewashed" has become one of those terms like "character assassination" that get used so frequently and innapropriately on these boards that they're usually a pretty good tipoff that the poster doesn't really have anything to say.Jaime is a sister-fucking narcissist who pushed a little kid out a window. If they meant to whitewash him, but left those things in, they don't know shit-all about whitewashing.And you do, don't you? First of all, maybe you should look into the definition of "whitewashing". Once you've done that, we can talk. With this said, I really don't think Jaime has been whitewashed. Everything he's done so far was in the books too. If anything they made him worse by having him kill his cousin in season 2, but they didn't add any scene in which he appeared nicer than he was in the books. At least not so far.The only reason why they changed that line is not to confuse viewers, who might believe Jaime was actively responsible for the massacre.
4170	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Yeah I knew I would get slammed for using the term whitewashing, but it's not like there has been a ban on the word. You're all probably right and I'm a bit ahead of things. I'm just concerned that after Tyrion, they will also leave out the bad stuff about Jaime. When they changed the 'send my regards', I was thinking "ugh not again". I gues we will see later on where it will be heading, untill he reaches KL and Cersie/Joffrey's body. But if they do leave that, I'm entirely entitled to use the word whitewashed!How could Jaime saying Lannisters instead of my have anything to do with whitewashing? It's just so the unsullied don't get insane because they think Jaime was a part of the plot, which he wasn't. That isn't whitewashing, that is just something that was done to make sure people won't misunderstand.As for Tyrion, I believe he'll start to change in season 4, and the privy-scene will make him dark Tyrion (as in the books).
4171	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Basically this.BUT just because Jaime said "the Lannisters send their regards" doesn't necessarily mean Roose has to say that same thing.  He can still say only "Jaime". I'm sure their goodbye at Harrenhal will be in the recap, so the audience will get it even if the words are changed.As far as what changing it means for tWoW... I'd argue nothing.  I don't think the show has anything to do with the future books (just like if Talisa dies at the RW, I still think Jeyne could be in hiding and be pregnant).  I think the show is going to write its own ending anyway.No regards in the recap:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Ej0Cy2_yOfY
4172	teemo	2013-06-02	nice sword.
4173	Cybvep	2013-06-02	It's just so the unsullied don't get insane because they think Jaime was a part of the plot, which he wasn't. That isn't whitewashing, that is just something that was done to make sure people won't misunderstand.Exactly. They probably don't want the people to get the wrong ideas, that's all. It will annoy some of the more hardcore book purists, but it doesn't change much, so I don't see the problem.BTW Jamie is actually a darker character than in the books. He killed a cousin.
					
					
							Edited by Cybvep, 02 June 2013 - 03:15 PM.
4174	MachoGrande	2013-06-02	The only reason why they changed that line is not to confuse viewers, who might believe Jaime was actively responsible for the massacre.I don't buy this - how could anyone believe Jaime had been plotting the Red Wedding? He spends an entire season in captivity without any influence whatsoever and then when he per chance comes across Roose Bolton and spends, what, like a day in his company, both of them spontaneously come up with the idea that they could actually ask the Freys if they maybe would want to betray Robb, too, and kill him at their own wedding?Additionaly, after Episode 9 we will probably see a scene or two in which Tyrion says to Tywin something like "Well done, Father; you ended the war with your plot involving the Freys and Boltons blabla", which would clarify that it was indeed Tywin who planned the whole thing (who else? Joffrey again?).And as for "not confusing viewers" - Davin and Dan have already done enough to involuntarily confuse quite some people with their writing (the whole Robb campaign for example)Oh and the sword is awesome btw
					
					
							Edited by MachoGrande, 02 June 2013 - 03:18 PM.
4175	Honourable Ser	2013-06-02	Nah, Jaime's a Lannister, if the Lannisters send their regards it makes little to no difference to his storyline I expect!
4176	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I don't buy this - how could anyone believe Jaime had been plotting the Red Wedding? He spends an entire season in captivity without any influence whatsoever and then when he per chance comes across Roose Bolton and spends, what, like a day in his company, both of them spontaneously come up with the idea that they could actually ask the Freys if they maybe would want to betray Robb, too, and kill him at their own wedding?Additionaly, after Episode 9 we will probably see a scene or two in which Tyrion says to Tywin something like "Well done, Father; you ended the war with your plot involving the Freys and Boltons blabla", which would clarify that it was indeed Tywin who planned the whole thing (who else? Joffrey again?).And as for "not confusing viewers" - Davin and Dan have already done enough to involuntarily confuse quite some people with their writing (the whole Robb campaign for example)Oh and the sword is awesome btwUnsullied are unsullied.Remember the Asha name change? Yeah.
4177	Granatto	2013-06-02	I hope everyone record unsulied reactions to RW
4178	Dysun	2013-06-02	The Lannisters send their regards is a better line for TV. You want it clear who set this all in motion, and it wasn't Jaime. Even in the books I thought it was cute by Roose to do that
4179	Zman1863	2013-06-02	Exactly. They probably don't want the people to get the wrong ideas, that's all. It will annoy some of the more hardcore book purists, but it doesn't change much, so I don't see the problem.BTW Jamie is actually a darker character than in the books. He killed a cousin.I agree. They must think the line will play differently on screen for people who only watch the show. The reader has ample evidence that Bolton is not to be trusted prior to the RW. They also have it clearly spelled out through Jaime's POV that he has no inkling of what is about to befall Robb. Without this context its possible that an unsullied viewer will infer something that isn't there.Personally, I think they are being a bit too cautious in changing the line, even if I understand the reason. The scenes between Jaime and Bolton seemed to convey much of the same dynamics that the book did, if a little less explicitly. Additionally, having a line implicating the Lannisters in general would seem to be pointless since it will already be obvious to the viewers, and Catelyn, that the Lannisters were involved, given the title of the episode and the presence of the title song. As for the whitewashing discussion, the "regards" line is one example of many where Jaime's peers blackwash him. If the change whitewashes anyone, its Bolton. That its a lie is pretty much the whole point of its inclusion. It would have more of an impact, as in the book, if it wasn't altered. But the altered version can still lead to the same events we know of and have no impact on the as yet unrevealed ones.
4180	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	I don't buy this - how could anyone believe Jaime had been plotting the Red Wedding? Because not everybody pays as much attention as they should. There are book readers who thought Jaime was responsible for the RW. That should tell you enough. And don't forget the bunch of people who after 3 seasons still think Dany's first name is Khaleesi. If they left that line we would have the forum inundated by posts saying "OMG JAIME LANNISTER KILLED ROBB, SO HORRIBLE INNIT!"
4181	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	Because not everybody pays as much attention as they should. There are book readers who thought Jaime was responsible for the RW. That should tell you enough. And don't forget the bunch of people who after 3 seasons still think Dany's first name is Khaleesi. If they left that line we would have the forum inundated by posts saying "OMG JAIME LANNISTER KILLED ROBB, SO HORRIBLE INNIT!"Absolutely spot on.  I read SoS many years ago and while I remember virtually every bit of the RW, I have never in all these years understood the 'Jaime Lannister sends his regards.'  (Until I finally asked someone here about it only a few weeks ago).   In my mind, I was always asking...'what?  shouldn't it be Tywin Lannister sends his regards?'  Obviously, I had totally forgotten that little bit of conversation between Roose and Jaime, exchanging regards.   So, absolutely, non-book readers would be confused, and its better than the show changed the words.
4182	teemo	2013-06-02	Because not everybody pays as much attention as they should. There are book readers who thought Jaime was responsible for the RW. That should tell you enough. And don't forget the bunch of people who after 3 seasons still think Dany's first name is Khaleesi. If they left that line we would have the forum inundated by posts saying "OMG JAIME LANNISTER KILLED ROBB, SO HORRIBLE INNIT!"Yep.  That's one my friends, who isn't all that bright.  She'd be screaming, "OH MY GOD JAIME KILLED HIM!?!?!" right in the middle of the scene if they kept that line, I swear it....my SO who hates the show and barely pays attention would probably say, "huh?"  I understand why they left it out and I'm okay with it, and I'm a pretty diehard book purist.
4183	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	Tbf, the first time I read SoS I was quite young and when I read that line I thought "WTF Jaime what?!", and had to go back a re-read a few things. It was ambiguous, and while I'm quite a book purist too this change makes total sense.
4184	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	Interestingly enough, I guessed that they may change the line to "The Lannisters send their regards" shortly before episode 7.
4185	Others Take Them	2013-06-02	I wish I had the forethought to go online and get a House Bolton shirt... it would have been awesome to hide it under a Stark shirt and then reveal it in the middle of the RW, to the horror of the Unsullied I will be watching with...
4186	SpareBoot	2013-06-02	Please no spoilers.  Don't ruin it for people who have been waiting for years to see this episode.  You will be reported.uh, its a spoiler thread...
4187	Chuck88	2013-06-02	uh, its a spoiler thread...Gonna give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he meant no screencaps or anything, should they arise (however unlikely that might be.)
4188	Montey14	2013-06-02	I would just think they have to keep the RW sequence as true as possible to the books....it's such a  game changing event in the story ...I can't see them changing much of the lines.  If I remember correctly I think Jaime did tell Roose to send his regards.....which he also did in the book.  As for WOW...wll,  we don't know what zombie Cat has in store for Jamie. GRRM has that under wraps.  I'd be pretty upset if they change that line...."Jaime Lannister sends his regards" should be left in.
4189	teemo	2013-06-02	I'm surprised there is a single leaked pic.  Sweet.
4190	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	I would just think they have to keep the RW sequence as true as possible to the books....it's such a  game changing event in the story ...I can't see them changing much of the lines.  If I remember correctly I think Jaime did tell Roose to send his regards.....which he also did in the book.  As for WOW...wll,  we don't know what zombie Cat has in store for Jamie. GRRM has that under wraps.  I'd be pretty upset if they change that line...."Jaime Lannister sends his regards" should be left in.They will change it.I think In the book Roose says "Give my regards to your father" and Jaime says "As long as you give mine to Robb Stark."In the show Roose says "Give my regards to Lord Tywin"  to which Jaime says "Im sorry to miss his Uncles wedding, tell Robb Stark the Lannisters send their regards" or something but They already changed it.
					
					
							Edited by The Dublin Warrior, 02 June 2013 - 05:58 PM.
4191	go joff go	2013-06-02	I meant screencaps people, quotes from people who have seen the show, not the books.
4192	ebevan91	2013-06-02	I wish I had the forethought to go online and get a House Bolton shirt... it would have been awesome to hide it under a Stark shirt and then reveal it in the middle of the RW, to the horror of the Unsullied I will be watching with...Haha, yeah. Excuse yourself to the bathroom, and come back with a different shirt on, and see if anyone notices.
4193	Rob the God	2013-06-02	Please dont change it.
It's one of my favorite lines in the books. I see the reasons why they would change it but it is as much part of the red wedding as robb muttering grey wind (probably will be changed) and cat thinking about ned loving her hair (probably also excluded). I just really hope they won't change it since i have been looking forward to the line since season 3 started.
4194	Montey14	2013-06-02	They will change it.I think In the book Roose says "Give my regards to your father" and Jaime says "As long as you give mine to Robb Stark."In the show Roose says "Give my regards to Lord Tywin"  to which Jaime says "Im sorry to miss his Uncles wedding, tell Robb Stark the Lannisters send their regards" or something but They already changed it.they might have changes the wording at harrenhall.....but I'm talking about the scense with Roose at the RW...they should not change that ....thats a very impactful statement ....
4195	victim	2013-06-02	Is anyone else feeling a strange, sort of 'calm before the storm' type of emotion? Like, I've been dreading this day for weeks/months/years but now it has arrived and all I feel is... emptiness.
4196	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	ONE HOUR LEFT BITCHES!!!
This better be fucking good, its 2 o'clock where I am!
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 02 June 2013 - 07:05 PM.
4197	Randyll Tarly	2013-06-02	they might have changes the wording at harrenhall.....but I'm talking about the scense with Roose at the RW...they should not change that ....thats a very impactful statement ....Indeed.... especially when a mother thinks she has gained an advantage by putting a neck at son and one of her own banner-men simply steps in and give the Lannisters regards to them.....
4198	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	Is anyone else feeling a strange, sort of 'calm before the storm' type of emotion? Like, I've been dreading this day for weeks/months/years but now it has arrived and all I feel is... emptiness.YES! I am getting jitters..42 minutes to go
4199	blackdougal	2013-06-02	asta La vista Stark..
You Won't be back!
um, sorry, Uncat, you will be..
4200	SkaggCannibal	2013-06-02	How could Jaime saying Lannisters instead of my have anything to do with whitewashing? It's just so the unsullied don't get insane because they think Jaime was a part of the plot, which he wasn't. That isn't whitewashing, that is just something that was done to make sure people won't misunderstand.As for Tyrion, I believe he'll start to change in season 4, and the privy-scene will make him dark Tyrion (as in the books).That is your interpretation, some people had others. Well no need to discuss it further, In 1.5hours we know whos regards Bolton has send!
4201	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	That is your interpretation, some people had others. Well no need to discuss it further, In 1.5hours we know whos regards Bolton has send!Make that 30 mins
4202	Randyll Tarly	2013-06-02	Make that 30 mins19 minutes for the sending...
4203	WinterKing	2013-06-02	15
4204	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	You know, in my trepidation and fatigue, I cant for the life of me remember what happens apart from Queenscrown and the RW...
4205	King Kev.	2013-06-02	I'm beyond excited. I'm goddamn ecstatic.
4206	WinterKing	2013-06-02	7
4207	WolframTarant	2013-06-02	FIVE MINUTES AIFUEWHFAWOEF
4208	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	FIVE MINUTES AIFUEWHFAWOEFHey can somebody be kind enough to tell me what exactly is on HBO right now?I am from Pakistan so I do not get HBO, trying to stream it onlineAll the following links seem legitdont know which ones the one I should be loooking out for thoughhttp://freetvall.com...4D8KAD7RYR7/HBOhttp://www.ilive.to/view/36674/http://nowwatchtvliv...ree-hbo-stream/
4209	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Last scurried smoke!
4210	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Ready!!!!!
4211	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Again, we are without Jaime....
Focus is on the Starks given the credits....
4212	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	I love this...Catelyn and Robb being showed for the simple, vengeful fools that they are.
No mention of Arya and Sansa.....
4213	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Poor Talisa.....
4214	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	LOL...Damn Walder Frey  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4215	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	I would believe Daario if they actually dyed his hair blue /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4216	Randyll Tarly	2013-06-02	LOL...Damn Walder Frey  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Lord Walder Frey is my hero! He got 9 out of ten names correct!Edit: Grammar gone bad.
					
					
							Edited by Randyll Tarly, 02 June 2013 - 08:21 PM.
4217	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	LOL MiLord Tarly  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4218	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Arya!
4219	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Bran wargs Hodor  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
4220	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Suddenly, warging just got far more important than is ever was in the books....
4221	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Interesting that we never get to see the full-fledged Harpy statue that we used to see....
4222	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	O NO  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
4223	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Poor Edmure and Roslin :sob:
4224	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Please note Roose's presence behind Robb and Jeyne/Talisa
4225	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Finally....a part for Rickon /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4226	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Catelyn sitting between the Blackfish and Roose.... 
Talisa laughing with a weasel-faced Frey and Robb enjoying himself....
4227	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Poor Roslin looks terrified...
4228	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	How sweet the exchange between Cat and Roose....
4229	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Poor Cat.....
4230	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Damn that song....even a Lannister lover like I grows weary of it.......
4231	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	Arya going for Grey Wind....
4232	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	And not a chance....
Finally, I like Sandor Clegane
4233	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	oooh Roose......
4234	DreamSongs	2013-06-02	oooh  Cat.....
4235	irishtemper	2013-06-02	damn, I was still really hoping to hear "Jamie Lannister sends his regards."
4236	Ser Iscariot Oathbreaker	2013-06-02	OH MY GOD BEST EPISODE OF ANY SHOW I HAVE EVER WATCH OH MY GOD I JUST RE-READ THE SECTION OF THE BOOK WHERE THIS EPISODE TAKES PLACE AND OH MY GOD SO AMAZING! SORRY FOR ALL CAPS BUT I WAS LITERALLY SCREAMING "play the fucking rains of castamere" already during the wedding, oh my  god and so close to the book too all parts only a few minor changes OH MY GOD SO AMAZINGEdit i switched from capslock to regular because it was so damn amazing i was trying to capslock my capslock OH MY GOD IT WAS SO AMAZING It was so amazing i had to have a smoke after just like sexedit rewatching episode againBUTDid anyone notice how short the episode was? about 47.5 minuites when you don't count the beginning thing
					
					
							Edited by Ser Iscariot Oathbreaker, 02 June 2013 - 08:56 PM.
4237	Randyll Tarly	2013-06-02	Once again... Walder Frey and his heroism.... "I will find another"
4238	UselessOpinion	2013-06-02	Haven't read all the comments in this thread, but Roose at the end an homage to Godfather 2? When they try to kill Michaels cousin or something in a bar and say "Michael sends his regards."
4239	Antonious Stark	2013-06-02	Still dabbing at the tears... Talisa dying was the biggest shocker. Like... I was speechless. Guess no more Jeyne theories?
4240	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-02	and what about Blackfish there? and Talisa?
both of them needed to stay in Riverrun, like in the books (Talisa as her counterpart Jeyne)
4241	Montey14	2013-06-02	apparently taking  a piss is what saves blackfish .....and it was apparent that Talisa was going to be Dacey Mormont getting it in the stomach
4242	Montey14	2013-06-02	I was a little upset that they left out Catlyn's hair comment when she's delerious...."please not the hair....Ned loves my hair" that was a great line
4243	Zman1863	2013-06-02	BUTDid anyone notice how short the episode was? about 47.5 minuites when you don't count the beginning thingYes it was a bit brief. I've noticed that some of them only properly start a couple minutes after official airing time but most of the others go very close to the end of the hour. This one seemed to wrap up pretty quickly. I thought we might have another few minutes before the big finally and then the song started.and what about Blackfish there? and Talisa?both of them needed to stay in Riverrun, like in the books (Talisa as her counterpart Jeyne)I think the Blackfish took the part of the Greatjon and will just be an off screen prisoner. They only showed Riverrun this season so maybe they'll frame those AFFC scenes in a different way without Riverrun being the object and without Blackfish. As for Talissa, they needed to get rid of that loose end. Jeyne is most probably a non entity, and I think Talissa's demise is a confirmation of that.
4244	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	damn, I was still really hoping to hear "Jamie Lannister sends his regards."me too :/ i was like... why??
4245	Montey14	2013-06-02	Yes it was a bit brief. I've noticed that some of them only properly start a couple minutes after official airing time but most of the others go very close to the end of the hour. This one seemed to wrap up pretty quickly. I thought we might have another few minutes before the big finally and then the song started.[size=4]I think the Blackfish took the part of the Greatjon and will just be an off screen prisoner. They only showed Riverrun this season so maybe they'll frame those AFFC scenes in a different way without Riverrun being the object and without Blackfish. As for Talissa, they needed to get rid of that loose end. Jeyne is most probably a non entity, and I think Talissa's demise is a confirmation of that.Looks like taking  a piss saves the Blackfish's life....I don't see why they would take him prisoner when they have Edmure who is the Lord of riverrun...
4246	Oakenfist	2013-06-02	Yes it was a bit brief. I've noticed that some of them only properly start a couple minutes after official airing time but most of the others go very close to the end of the hour. This one seemed to wrap up pretty quickly. I thought we might have another few minutes before the big finally and then the song started.[size=4]I think the Blackfish took the part of the Greatjon and will just be an off screen prisoner. They only showed Riverrun this season so maybe they'll frame those AFFC scenes in a different way without Riverrun being the object and without Blackfish. As for Talissa, they needed to get rid of that loose end. Jeyne is most probably a non entity, and I think Talissa's demise is a confirmation of that.Not sure that's how its going to play out. Blackfish got away, and is going back to Riverrun most likely.
4247	Lord Bored	2013-06-02	I was a little upset that they left out Catlyn's hair comment when she's delerious...."please not the hair....Ned loves my hair" that was a great lineUm.....that wasn't actually a line of dialogue, it was an inner thought of hers. lol
					
					
							Edited by Lord Bored, 02 June 2013 - 10:23 PM.
4248	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-02	couldn't lady stoneheart just lump in all the lannisters into what Roose said?
4249	Montey14	2013-06-02	Um.....that wasn't actually a line of dialogue, it was an inner thought of hers. lol   still would have been great if she would have said it to herself out loud.....toss the readers a nice bone.....
4250	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-02	still would have been great if she would have said it to herself out loud.....toss the readers a nice bone.....Not sure it would have worked with how Cat reacted on the show.
4251	Zman1863	2013-06-02	Not sure that's how its going to play out. Blackfish got away, and is going back to Riverrun most likely.I wouldn't take it for granted that leaving the slaughter room means he got away. There is carnage all over the castle and surrounding fields after all. He takes the Greatjon's position as it was in the books. The Greatjon left the feast to help with the bedding and ended up a prisoner, rather than escaping.
4252	Roadside Rose	2013-06-03	I actually don't care. As much as I like Jaime's character, I would let the Starks take vengeance on any character. They have been through enough.
4253	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	still would have been great if she would have said it to herself out loud.....toss the readers a nice bone.....Having a show made about a book series they love, is a big enough bonus.It would have been terrible for her to randomly talk about her hair, no unsullied fans would understand and that would ruin the moment.
4254	Maester Totoro	2013-06-03	I wouldn't take it for granted that leaving the slaughter room means he got away. There is carnage all over the castle and surrounding fields after all. He takes the Greatjon's position as it was in the books. The Greatjon left the feast to help with the bedding and ended up a prisoner, rather than escaping.The Greatjon has value because he is the head of a House. The Blackfish wouldn't, they already have Edmure.If they wanted to kill him, he would have died on-screen. They even had the time, this episode was way shorter.He escaped, for sure.
4255	Mark Antony	2013-06-03	http://i.imgur.com/N4HnOSQ.gif
4256	Rymun Royce	2013-06-03	and what about Blackfish there? and Talisa?both of them needed to stay in Riverrun, like in the books (Talisa as her counterpart Jeyne)One of my main issues with the episode, before I was just anticipating the bedding and Rains of Castamere, I was shouting what the balls was Balckfish doing there, and then Talissa, but I expected they were going to show Talissa being a mole, i guess there goes Robb's heir, have to wait in the books if there is actually Jeyne still hiding with Robb's baby.Anyway, Blackfish being there makes no sense story wise, politically wise or military wise, he didnt even stood in for the Greatjon, he was barely there. There are only three available Tullys in the campaign, Edmure is getting married, Cat has to be there because she has to bow down and apologize for her son's stupidity, how the hell are they going to leave Riverrun without a Tully? I know maybe they are just cutting short the riverun siege for next season, but that could have easily been solved by a line saying Blackfish escaped, although I would say it would be a shame not to see Jaime coming into the Frey mess the siege was and solve it quickly. Now other issues, Jon sees Summer and doesnt think Bran may be nearby? I know the wolves have grown and they may not be recognisable and he was fighting, but he should have taken notice that it was indeed a direwolf. Also why run? Only Giantsbane remained and Ygritte would have helped taking him down. I have never had much care for the Jon character until the nomination and have loss even more care with Kit cant fucking act worth shit Harrington but that seemed so out of character for Jon, just running and leaving Ygritte. Then again he may be a bit ticked off with Ygritte killing an innocent harmless old man.
4257	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-06-03	What's Jon going to do? Take her to the Night's Watch with him?
He left because he needed to get out of there stat and warn Castle Black. No reason why he should risk his life to kill one more guy.
4258	Head of The Ned	2013-06-03	It makes much more sense this way IMO.
Hilariously heartbreaking drive-by stabbing though.
4259	StannisandDaeny	2013-06-03	From the book:<U+0080><U+009C>You will give my warm regards to your father?<U+0080><U+009D> <U+0080><U+009C>So long as you give mine to Robb Stark.<U+0080><U+009D> <U+0080><U+009C>That I shall.<U+0080><U+009D>Robb defeated Jaime, held him prisoner, and is still an enemy of his father. Jaime has every reason to want him dead. Do you truly believe someone like Jaime didn't mean for Roose to mock Robb? Do you believe Jaime is stupid enough to actually think Roose will tell Robb 'hey I totally met Jaime Lannister and let him go, and he sends his regards' without making sure Robb wouldn't punish him for this treason? People who really think Jaime 'didn't mean anything by it' have deluded themselves because they want to white-wash Jaime as the show will no doubt do. Jaime knew Roose had turned traitor and that therefore Robb's cause was lost and he would die in time, and wanted Roose to mock Robb in his name to in a way get his vengeance on the boy who forced him to live in his own shit for over a year. They should've kept the line.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 03 June 2013 - 04:51 AM.
4260	Jorah the Explorer	2013-06-03	I'm a Jaime fan, and I'll disagree with the speculation that he had ill intentions.
I equate "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" with "Michael Corleone says hello".
4261	Kasrith	2013-06-03	Had they held on to Greatjon, and we had him bashing around drunken Freys somewhere in the background I would have loved it even more
4262	Mammothsbane	2013-06-03	I thought the delivery of this line (and Roose's performance in general) was a little off.
4263	Harnisfechten	2013-06-03	I thought the delivery of this line (and Roose's performance in general) was a little off.the whole RW scene was a little off.
4264	Eggplant Wizard	2013-06-03	I wonder what the reasoning for the deviation was since they kept the dialogue from Jaime pretty much intact. I thought the idea in the books was to show that Jaime Lannister pretty much couldn't catch a break - the public (especially the Starks) would hate him because they simply wouldn't hear him out when he started to do good.
4265	Reposado	2013-06-03	100% just to deflect blame from jaime for the tv audience. not that he had anything to do with it anyways
4266	cooper56	2013-06-03	100% just to deflect blame from jaime for the tv audience. not that he had anything to do with it anywaysPretty much this tv audicence is simple minded and cant even think 2 or 3 eps back they would just assume omg jamie planned it wtf? They prob wanted make sure no one figured that and jamie was a more like character.
4267	DrownedSnow	2013-06-03	100% just to deflect blame from jaime for the tv audience. not that he had anything to do with it anywaysI think they want to make it clear that he wasn't involved for the viewers without having to wait until next season. This makes me feel that they may cut out Stoneheart entirely, someone I've thought for a while. I don't think it's a stretch giving the large changes and the fact that the aren't trying to follow every major point of the books. No need to implicate Jamie directly, in the minds of the characters, if it won't come up later. We shall see.
4268	teemo	2013-06-03	I thought the delivery of this line (and Roose's performance in general) was a little off.I agree....something not right here with this line.
4269	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	100% just to deflect blame from jaime for the tv audience. not that he had anything to do with it anywaysNot really 100% but certainly part of it. That line is confusing I would bet for even a casual reader, but it's a reminder that Tywin Lannister just "won" the war, and Jaime's release let it happen. I'm sure Roose knows Cersei is thrilled too. It's definitely not the same but I still think it fulfills what it needs to.In fact I'd bet even with the simplification people won't remember it since it was delivered a bit hastily, and show-watching doesn't really invoke the same level of analysis of such words that book-readings does.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 03 June 2013 - 10:21 PM.
4270	Maizel	2013-06-03	Im okay with the change. 
I mean,  the original would be better ofcourse,  but Jaime had nothing to do with the RW,  so I think in the grand scheme of things,  there is little harm done by that particular change.
4271	Battle Kitten	2013-06-03	I think it's too confusing to viewers which is why they changed it.  I think many viewers would be led to believe that Roose and Jaime struck a deal of some sort off screen.  By changing it to Lannisters, he isn't implicating Jaime specifically.  I don't think it makes much of a difference in the long haul.
4272	Bambi	2013-06-04	The scene when Cat uncovers the chainmail on Roose was amazing, did you notiice Bolton's grim? At that moment and from that angle he looked TOTALLY like Charles Dance, it just struck me immediately, i don't know if you had the same feeling?
4273	Titan	2013-06-04	Geting rid of the "Jaime" part of the line makes perfect sense. In the book, it is purely a GRRM intentional misdirect that you have to pay very close attention to in order to fully grasp. That extra confusion does not help the show. Good riddance to that line, IMO.
4274	Head of The Ned	2013-06-04	I'm a Jaime fan, and I'll disagree with the speculation that he had ill intentions.I equate "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" with "Michael Corleone says hello".Agreed, although I'm not fully convinced he didn't have bad intentions. It just works better in the context of the show, the wedding was backed by Tywin and therefore by the entire Lannister family/army... in name. The audience needed to know that this was a Lannister plot and the way to reveal that were Roose's final words. To have him specifically name Jaime would have seemed stupid in the context of the show.
4275	Manfryd Lothston	2013-06-04	They screwed it up. 
Originally the line and the whole set-up, with Roose first slinking out then returning in his terrific Bolton armour, and stabbing a sword through Robb's heart while uttering his one-liner, was pure Awesome.
In the show, they first bitch-slapped Roose and made him run away like a pussy, then come back for 1 second almost as an afterthought "Oh yeah, now the bolton guy kills Rob". It was God-Awful. 
So after they dumped Ramsay's plot, removing all of the awesomeness, now they do the same with Roose.
Their strategy of removing / merging characters and storylines misses again and again. It's pathetic.
					
					
							Edited by Manfryd Lothston, 04 June 2013 - 03:36 AM.
4276	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	The audience needed to know that this was a Lannister plot and the way to reveal that were Roose's final words. To have him specifically name Jaime would have seemed stupid in the context of the show.Some ppl that just watch the show actually think this was walder getting back at them for the insult, they dont see Tywin behind it. Which isn't surprising cause the way the show is a bloodpath where ppl keep dying they don't see this a taboo even in westeros custom. I hope Tyrion links (for the audience) Tywin's letters to what happened next week.
4277	DemiNymph	2013-06-04	It was off because the screenplay wasn't good. They should do a closeup of Roose + Robb while he says the line. Now it could just be a random guy who said it for all we know because the audience thought that Bolton ran off. They are trying to cram everything into the allotted time that they have to smoosh everything together. Just bad. That's what happens when you try to cram 13 episodes (or even 20!) into 10.
4278	grrmforreal	2013-06-04	Yep.  That's one my friends, who isn't all that bright.  She'd be screaming, "OH MY GOD JAIME KILLED HIM!?!?!" right in the middle of the scene if they kept that line, I swear it....my SO who hates the show and barely pays attention would probably say, "huh?"  I understand why they left it out and I'm okay with it, and I'm a pretty diehard book purist.This
4279	teemo	2013-06-04	Some ppl that just watch the show actually think this was walder getting back at them for the insult, they dont see Tywin behind it. Which isn't surprising cause the way the show is a bloodpath where ppl keep dying they don't see this a taboo even in westeros custom. I hope Tyrion links (for the audience) Tywin's letters to what happened next week.I think they'll definitely make it clear that Tywin was an architect of it.  And you mean in two weeks, unfortunately /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4280	Kaitscralt	2013-06-04	It was off because the screenplay wasn't good. They should do a closeup of Roose + Robb while he says the line. Now it could just be a random guy who said it for all we know because the audience thought that Bolton ran off. TI'm pretty sure everyone knows it was Roose seeing as the actor playing him was right there, you could see his face and he spoke lines of dialogue. Not sure what you're talking about.
4281	Sand11751	2013-06-04	Stoneheart will take any Lannister she can find. They are still responsible for Bran's fall. Plus, the Kingslayer gave Cat his word he'd get her daughters back. Changing the line on TV won't absolve him of anything in Stoneheart's eyes.
4282	Darryk	2013-06-04	Can't risk it with the general audience, have to treat them with kid gloves. I know people who would assume Jaime somehow 100% planned the RW if the line was the same.
4283	Hangover of the Morning	2013-06-04	The "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line actually confused me momentarily in the books so I for once am quite glad that they changed it in the show.
The show line is almost exactly the same. It makes it obvious who was behind the RW without confusing viewers and it doesn't alter the story in any way. Don't understand why people are so hang up on this particular change.
4284	Kaitscralt	2013-06-04	The "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line actually confused me momentarily in the books so I for once am quite glad that they changed it in the show.The show line is almost exactly the same. It makes it obvious who was behind the RW without confusing viewers and it doesn't alter the story in any way. Don't understand why people are so hang up on this particular change.People also wanted to see Michelle Fairley clawing her face apart and laughing maniacally and talking about her hair, even though none of these things would make sense without being in her head for that chapter and would totally ruin the scene on television.
4285	teemo	2013-06-04	I think the face clawing thing was maybe plausible and they probably even considered it, but the hair thing, not really.  It was a thought in the book anyway, not something she said to anyone.  The face clawing thing maybe just didn't translate well to television.  Would have liked to have seen her more hysterical and mad though than the dead inside look (it was great acting, just would have have preferred the first).
4286	Kaitscralt	2013-06-04	I think most of the non-reader reactions to the RW would be joke memes about Catelyn if she went out that way, it is way too campy for a show like GoT.
4287	Sniraga	2013-06-04	I think most of the non-reader reactions to the RW would be joke memes about Catelyn if she went out that way, it is way too campy for a show like GoT.And Daario, Grey Worm and Jorah's scenes in Yunkai weren't? /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />I don't really mind some changes, but I thought the main reason Cat was killed was her hysterical behavior, otherwise the Freys would've taken her as a hostage. But I guess D&D wanted to make the Freys even more despicable.
4288	Jojosh	2013-06-04	It would be Jaime's fault that Roose betrayed the starks but that's where it stops
Now it can still be Jaime's fault in the show but can't make his redemption too hard now
4289	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	The only difference that I see would result  from the change is in what unCat remembers from the RW night, that she wouldn't pin the betrayal [unfairly ] so specifically to Jaime.  But since indications are that we won't get Lady Stoneheart, after all, I can't see how it would matter.  Given the fact that the RW was in fact, born in Tywin's cruel completely-crush-all-opposition mindset, it really was 'the Lannisters' rather than Jaime.
4290	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-06-04	I thought the delivery of this line (and Roose's performance in general) was a little off.If I'd been directing I'd have had McElhatton deliver the line in his usual voice, almost matter-of-fact (the same way he delivered "five Lannisters dead for every one of ours" in S2E4), rather than the cliche villain forced whisper he ended up doing.  To me it would've been a better way to show his cold, ruthless pragmatism, plus it would've been more clearly understood.  Two non-readers I talked to didn't understand exactly what he said until their second viewings.     I really liked how Roose was portrayed throughout the rest of the wedding though.  He conveyed a creepy, cocky menace with a twinkle in his eye that left the viewer unsure of his intentions, which I thought was very effective. Not really 100% but certainly part of it. That line is confusing I would bet for even a casual reader, but it's a reminder that Tywin Lannister just "won" the war, and Jaime's release let it happen. I'm sure Roose knows Cersei is thrilled too. It's definitely not the same but I still think it fulfills what it needs to.In fact I'd bet even with the simplification people won't remember it since it was delivered a bit hastily, and show-watching doesn't really invoke the same level of analysis of such words that book-readings does.Yeah.  I remember when my dad read the RW he called me up and asked if Jaime was behind it.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Show-only viewers would have been totally bumfuzzled.
4291	Bambi	2013-06-04	I hope it isnt a problem if i post it here /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> i think its very funny:http://img.pandawhal...rashe-3ulc.jpeg
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 04 June 2013 - 03:58 PM.
4292	teemo	2013-06-04	I always imagined Roose slowly walking up to Robb and then deftly and swiftly stabbing him while coldly and quietly saying the words.  In the show it was super fast and he sounded pissed.
4293	lannistergold	2013-06-04	My guess: it was probably to cue unsullied viewers in to Tywin being the mastermind of the event.
4294	YourMomsBox	2013-06-04	It was definitely a good choice to have Bolton saying the Lannisters instead of Jaime. I expect Jaime is starting to come across as flawed character but not simply 'one of the bad guys' anymore. That would associate Jaime with a massacre that clearly has most people outraged.
4295	Mammothsbane	2013-06-04	I always imagined Roose slowly walking up to Robb and then deftly and swiftly stabbing him while coldly and quietly saying the words.  In the show it was super fast and he sounded pissed.I agree
4296	silentwanderer	2013-06-04	It would be Jaime's fault that Roose betrayed the starks but that's where it stopsNow it can still be Jaime's fault in the show but can't make his redemption too hard nowIt can't be Jaime's fault on the show because Bolton antagonized the Kingslayer since he arrived to Harrenhal: teasing him about Cersei's fate at first, then taking Brienne away from him the moment he sensed Jaime was invested in her.It just wouldn't make sense for them to plot something together.Jaime was in the exact same spot as Robb was as far as Brienne was concerned. The only difference is that the bear didn't stab her in the stomach.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 04 June 2013 - 11:13 PM.
4297	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-05	I think roose like LF when he told lysa he only ever loved her sister before he pushed her to her death just injoyes pushing the knive a little further before he stapped him in the back. I don't see how he will benefit and ppl won't forget that he's the one that put the sword thru robb's heart, and saying tywin set you up isnt gonna undo what he did in anyone's eyes. I think just incase robb had any doubts he wanted him to know he and walder betrayed him to tywin and this has long been set up rather than just him not marrying a girl.
					
					
							Edited by Master Forel's Fro, 05 June 2013 - 04:28 AM.
4298	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	I would have liked if Roose killed him closer to how the book did it.  Maybe not exactly since his betrayal was already apparent, but it seemed like he popped in out of nowhere in the show.
4299	Liathano	2013-06-05	Whether he said Jamie or Lannister, it's still all the same to Lady Stoneheart. I imagine it was an executive decision to not confuse viewers who don't get the same level of depth book readers do.
4300	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Whether he said Jamie or Lannister, it's still all the same to Lady Stoneheart. I imagine it was an executive decision to not confuse viewers who don't get the same level of depth book readers do.Yeah I assume LS will take that as all the lannisters, including jaime were behind it.
4301	David Selig	2013-06-05	So with the season 3 soundtrack released , and with Jaime telling Roose bolton to tell Robb Stark "the lannisters send their regards"   its seems obvious that this will replace Roose saying "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".My question is does this have significant impact for Jaime Lannisters story in  "The Winds Of Winter". I was under the impression that uncat would be pissed at Jaime beacuse this is what Roose says as Robb is killed , implying to her that Jaime betrayed their arangment and was in on the whole red wedding plot so when the wench leads Jaime to uncat this will be on uncat's mind when she is deciding his fate.Now that in the upcoming episode that line will be replaced with " the lannisters send their regards"  what do you guys think  it means for Jaime's faith in The Winds Of Winter. Nothing chances, UnCat still have plenty of good reasons to want Jaime dead. Bran's fall being the most obvious one, but he's also a leader of her enemies currently.
4302	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-06-05	It would have been better had Robb been on his knees and Roose slowly walked up and delivered the line. 
It felt more rushed than it needed to be.
4303	Eric Xayavong	2013-06-06	It would have been better had Robb been on his knees and Roose slowly walked up and delivered the line.It felt more rushed than it needed to be.That's how i imagined it exactly. Bolton in a superior position, Robb in an inferior position.
4304	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-06	It's a parralel with the horse-guy who asked to at least die with some dignity. Although it won't last long with Grey Robb.
4305	Ross2013	2013-06-06	Nothing chances, UnCat still have plenty of good reasons to want Jaime dead. Bran's fall being the most obvious one, but he's also a leader of her enemies currently.Exactly.  In UnCat's view, the only thing better than a dead Frey is a dead Lanister (or is that the other way around?  lol)
4306	archer501	2013-06-07	...his repugnant  sex scene with period-Cersei next to Joff's corpsewait, whaaa? elaborate just a bit further for a curious non-bookreader, please? this wasn't mentioned in the wikis...(i know what happens to joff at the PW but wasn't aware that Jaime was back in their midsts by then?)
4307	Woman of War	2013-06-08	You are a  curious non-book reader, right? 
Ok I'll enlighten you:
After Jaime had been seen throwing the poison into Joffrey's wine - he had finally realized how thoroughly evil his offspring was - Cersei had her brother tied down on the big table in the Throne room and all the Kings Guard men got one Gold Dragon........ while the band played "The Drains of Castamere"
........and Cersei went last.
You should not have asked........
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 08 June 2013 - 03:02 AM.
4308	Pliskin	2013-06-08	wait, whaaa? elaborate just a bit further for a curious non-bookreader, please? this wasn't mentioned in the wikis...(i know what happens to joff at the PW but wasn't aware that Jaime was back in their midsts by then?)I understand if you can't wait for the show, but what's the point in reading the wiki instead of just reading the books ?
4309	Nicholas Stark	2013-06-08	She won't care about that little change to the wording. She wants all the Lannisters dead for their cowardly and tragic acts of violence.
4310	King in the North Carolina	2013-06-09	And you do, don't you? First of all, maybe you should look into the definition of "whitewashing". Once you've done that, we can talk. With this said, I really don't think Jaime has been whitewashed. Everything he's done so far was in the books too. If anything they made him worse by having him kill his cousin in season 2, but they didn't add any scene in which he appeared nicer than he was in the books. At least not so far.The only reason why they changed that line is not to confuse viewers, who might believe Jaime was actively responsible for the massacre.I think you misunderstood my post. It sounds like we actually agree completely - that Jaime's charactervis NOT being whitewashed.
4311	Rishav Banka	2013-06-09	When my Non-Reader friends cried"WHHHYYY??""
I replied "The Martin sends his regards"
4312	teemo	2013-06-09	wait, whaaa? elaborate just a bit further for a curious non-bookreader, please? this wasn't mentioned in the wikis...(i know what happens to joff at the PW but wasn't aware that Jaime was back in their midsts by then?)When Jaime came back to King's Landing he immediately came to visit Cersei and she was near Joff's dead body.  They started kissing and one thing lead to another and they had sex right there as her moon blood got everywhere...lovely.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 09 June 2013 - 05:24 AM.
4313	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-09	You are a  curious non-book reader, right?Ok I'll enlighten you:After Jaime had been seen throwing the poison into Joffrey's wine - he had finally realized how thoroughly evil his offspring was - Cersei had her brother tied down on the big table in the Throne room and all the Kings Guard men got one Gold Dragon........ while the band played "The Drains of Castamere"........and Cersei went last.You should not have asked........AAARRRGGGHHH Why do you have to spoil it, you monster?
4314	Koril	2013-06-04	A few scenes before the big event, Blackfiqh excuses himself and leaves outside to take a piss.
Then, unless i'm mistaken, no more news. what can we expect now? He may be alive here in the mess, fighthing with other northerners for a way to escape? 
Personaly, I Hope that we woml see more in season finale: something like him an a few conpanions escaping and planing their future.
Either that or he just dies, which would mean that his storyline in books is over
4315	King Tam Stark	2013-06-04	he does exciuse himself "im going outside to take a piss" lol so i'd assume thats what saved him and he manages to escape because he still has a part to play imo
4316	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-04	The Black Hawk, is that you?
4317	The BlackBear	2013-06-04	I suspect he's escaped and they don't want to convolute the siege of Riverrun (if of course it still happens.)
4318	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	Imagine if he passed out under a tree with the ugly Frey woman that was eying him.
4319	sansa's sworn sword	2013-06-04	The Black Hawk, is that you? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4320	Runaway Penguin	2013-06-04	He got away, we will prolly learn more in next episode, and he heads to Riverrun to hold it.
That or he takes GreatJon's place in the dungeon.
4321	SeventySeven	2013-06-04	We're getting a webisode titled "What the Blackfish Did in the Bog" and recounts the telling of how the Blackfish spent his time urinating while his family was slaughtered.
4322	Warhawk137	2013-06-04	I've been saying I want him and Sandor to run into each other in the middle of the battle outside the Twins.
That would be very amusing.
4323	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	just imagining the amazingly awkward moment when he walks back into the wedding feast
4324	sennahoj	2013-06-04	I bet he kills some Frey soldiers, then hides somewhere on the river bank and watches as Cat and Robb's bodies are dumped into the river. Maybe they even float past him. Then the Blackfish kills some more Frey soldiers, steals a horse and rides to Riverrun.
4325	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	I hope he doesn't get chained up like Edmure
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 04 June 2013 - 07:09 AM.
4326	Versiroth	2013-06-04	I think it will later be said that he escaped and returned to Riverrun.
4327	Overlord of Skagos	2013-06-04	sad thing is... so many Unsullied are making up theories that blackfish and edmure have a hand in RW planning /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
4328	teemo	2013-06-04	sad thing is... so many Unsullied are making up theories that blackfish and edmure have a hand in RW planning /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />whhhhaaaa
4329	WinterWarrior	2013-06-04	I wonder if he will hook up with Dondarrian's group and be the one to recognize Cat's corpse. His holding Riverrun is not really critical since he eventually disappears from there and we do not know where he goes yet but it's likely he ends up with LS's group. Maybe HBO will cut out the Riverrun parts (not really essential) and cut right to the parts that end up mattering....for vengeance sake.
As always we will have to wait and see.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 04 June 2013 - 07:47 AM.
4330	Darth Pipes	2013-06-04	I had a feeling some of the Unsullied might think Blackfish had something to do with it.  He basically has the Roose Bolton role in the book...excusing him to urinate before the killing begins.  I can't blame them for thinking that with the way it's portrayed in the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 04 June 2013 - 08:07 AM.
4331	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	He's actually still pissing.
4332	Calidad	2013-06-04	They might open up the next episode with further skirmishes/killing at The Twins. He might make an appearance, possibly killing a few Frey soldiers and maybe being forced to flee, perhaps into the river.
4333	WesternOz	2013-06-04	Yeah, I suspect that the Blackfish will be the one to recover Cat's body and will hook up with Thoros and the Brotherhood.
4334	Kyoti	2013-06-04	There is also the Blackfish = Ghost of Winterfell theory
I would also say that we have not seen all there is to see from the Red Wedding. Ending it where they did I can see them picking back up moments afterwords and showing the rest.
4335	Darth Pipes	2013-06-04	Yeah, I suspect that the Blackfish will be the one to recover Cat's body and will hook up with Thoros and the Brotherhood.That would seem the likely scenario on the show although I'm hoping we'll eventually get Jaime's parlay with the Blackfish in a future season.  Also, I don't think even Brynden would tolerate what Stoneheart was doing for very long.
4336	Nanaki	2013-06-04	Small bladder long life...
It was ridiculous. Why the hell they didn't let him to Riverrun ?
They should save him. But not like that...
And now what ?
-He comes back to Riverrun ? He escapes somewhere and we lose contact with him until we're able to see him in books ? He becomes a captive ?
4337	FlipFantastic	2013-06-04	just imagining the amazingly awkward moment when he walks back into the wedding feasthttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=o3_Hn-vKeHw
4338	Maizel	2013-06-04	He was at the feast and not in Riverrun,  because if he was,  he could not have uttered the one of the best lines of the episodes. 'The gods love to reward a fool.'I like Edmure though,  he seem pretty well cast and pretty true to the books for his limited screen time.
4339	Thelastactionhero	2013-06-04	Was anyone else pleasantly surprised with the characterizations of Blackfish and Edmure in this episode? Up until this point I found these portrayals really shallow and off the mark. Blackfish came off like a thug who treats his nephew (and liege lord) like shit. And Edmure,  who within the source material is rendered as a simple minded, incompotent, yet good hearted man, feels like an arrogant and delusional prick. He's one of the few lords who actually cares about the small folk and I really didn't care for the direction they took him. However, unlike the other episodes this season I felt like they weren't too bad in the Red Wedding. That one small scene where Blackfish states that he loves Edmure really helped. I also felt that they really made Edmure a bit more sympathetic, and did a nice job with his brief interactions with Roslin.
4340	Maizel	2013-06-04	Was anyone else pleasantly surprised with the characterizations of Blackfish and Edmure in this episode? Up until this point I found these portrayals really shallow and off the mark. Blackfish came off like a thug who treats his nephew (and liege lord) like shit. And Edmure,  who within the source material is rendered as a simple minded, incompotent, yet good hearted man, feels like an arrogant and delusional prick. He's one of the few lords who actually cares about the small folk and I really didn't care for the direction they took him. However, unlike the other episodes this season I felt like they weren't too bad in the Red Wedding. That one small scene where Blackfish states that he loves Edmure really helped. I also felt that they really made Edmure a bit more sympathetic, and did a nice job with his brief interactions with Roslin.I found the 'cremation scene' while well done,  toe cringing in that regard.  You can't shove your liege lord around like that in front of his men. I don;t think that would help Edmure's authority much. Also in the books it was implied that edmure was not a complete incompetent archer,  but that he could have missed because he was so emotional.The BF and Edmure scenes in this episode did a lot to make that right. Especially the interactions with his bride, as later in the books they become quite smitten with eachother I believe. I think that Edmure is one of the most decent characters,  and probably thA most decent noble in the entire series (of books)
4341	Nanaki	2013-06-04	Yeah, I suspect that the Blackfish will be the one to recover Cat's body and will hook up with Thoros and the Brotherhood.I still hope Nymeria will find Cat's body...
4342	Thelastactionhero	2013-06-04	I found the 'cremation scene' while well done,  toe cringing in that regard.  You can't shove your liege lord around like that in front of his men. I don;t think that would help Edmure's authority much.Also in the books it was implied that edmure was not a complete incompetent archer,  but that he could have missed because he was so emotional.The BF and Edmure scenes in this episode did a lot to make that right. Especially the interactions with his bride, as later in the books they become quite smitten with eachother I believe.I think that Edmure is one of the most decent characters,  and probably thA most decent noble in the entire series (of books)Oh yeah dude. The archery bit was excruciating to watch. The guy just lost his dad and nobody can cut him a fucking break. Robb laughing at him made it all the worse. And that's the thing is that Edmure's incompotence is part of his character, and it actually makes him somewhat endearing. He's not a bad guy at all. Wish they had highlighted that more, since they might not bother bringing him back again after this episode depending on how they handle the Jaime arc.I like this talk of Blackfish finding Cat's body though. A big deviation, but I'm alright with cutting minor characters if it's better thematically for the adaptation.
					
					
							Edited by Thelastactionhero, 04 June 2013 - 10:58 AM.
4343	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	@ Nanaki response #23 above, I love that "small bladder long life" quip!  That's actually what I think happens, though -that it becomes clear to him that there are no survivors to RW and it'd be pure suicide for him to go back in there.  The next logical thing would be for him to retreat to RR to defend it, as that is THE only refuge left for their cause.  My best guess.
4344	Eizweix	2013-06-04	I doubt Blackfish will find Cats body and even if he would, he would probably take her body back to Riverrun. I doubt Blackfish even knows Thoros and Beric Dondarrion and what they do or what kind of "powers" they have.
I think he ran away and back to Riverrun to defend it, there is no point of staying at Twins to see what will happen and risk getting caught or killed. In books he i supposed to be in Riverrun and if there will be no Brynden Tully in Riverrun, there will be no scene between him and Jaime Lannister.
4345	TyrionsFlagon	2013-06-04	I had a feeling some of the Unsullied might think Blackfish had something to do with it.  He basically has the Roose Bolton role in the book...excusing him to urinate before the killing begins.  I can't blame them for thinking that with the way it's portrayed in the episode.I have the feeling that 'Unsullied' as used above does not refer to Dany's warriors. Are forum users using 'Unsullied' to describe TV viewers who haven't read the books?
4346	Blackf1sh	2013-06-04	I can totally see this happening at the start of the final episode with Brynden Tullyhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=qzPZOh2IfEc
But on a serious note, I was glad that he didnt die at the RW since I hope he will have a bigger role to play in the coming books, and if he would die here that would probably crush my hopes of that. But since they made the Blackfish this sort of thuggish Chuck Norris boduyguard of Robb it was kind of a fail that he was taking a piss when Robb needed him most. I hope we see the Blackfish doing something heroic to save his reputation among viewers. As my non reading friends believed he was into the treason.
4347	I'll pay the iron price	2013-06-04	Perhaps his urintaing break turned into a full on greasy dump break hence his lengthy absence?
4348	Eizweix	2013-06-04	... I hope he will have a bigger role to play in the coming books...Actually he does, when defending Riverrun against the Frey siege + conversation with Jaime Lannister etc. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />For me Blackfish is a "badass" in a good sense, if he would be present at the RW killing I bet he would take some Freys down /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> and I doubt he would betray Cat.
4349	Blackf1sh	2013-06-04	Actually he does, when defending Riverrun against the Frey siege + conversation with Jaime Lannister etc. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That wasnt a particularly big role of Brynden Tully. I dont think they kept him alive just for that one scene with Jaime in book4 (despite the awesomeness of it). So lets hope he make a big return in book 6
4350	Blutrabe	2013-06-04	I can see these possible scenarios:
1. The Blackfish is taken captive at the Twins and we'll see GreyRobb through his eyes. He'll play the Greatjon's role from now on; the siege of Riverrun is cut from the series (it's not really that important anyway).
2. The Blackfish manages to escape and returns to Riverrun. This one is the truest to the books but rather boring.
3. The Blackfish manages to escape and teams up with the BWB. Not sure how that would play out.
4351	Eizweix	2013-06-04	Well it wasn't but still has a bigger role and he escaped when the castle was surrendered, so as you said I think / hope he will have a bigger role in future books.
Off-topis: just as I hoped for Barristan Selmy after 1st season and now he does (in books so far). /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4352	Ser Luke.	2013-06-04	I assume he's still alive. 
I'm glad, because the siege of Rivverun was one of the best parts of A Feast for Crows.
4353	Envie	2013-06-04	I can definitely see from the way the scene played out, how non-book readers might suspect Blackfish had something to do with the betrayal as he suspiciously vanishes moments before it goes down. Maybe they're using that to throw viewers off the trail a bit and drum up more theories.
Personally, I think having Blackfish join the BWB could work and leave out the siege of Riverrun - but that would depend entirely on what GRRM had in mind for his character's future that we have no idea about yet because after he swims under the river gate during the siege, we hear no more of him in the books correct?
4354	Leif	2013-06-04	He's still in the privy.
4355	Delmas	2013-06-04	All I have to say about blackfish being absent for the last few scenes.... "Fish out of water"
4356	knownothing	2013-06-04	I have the feeling that 'Unsullied' as used above does not refer to Dany's warriors. Are forum users using 'Unsullied' to describe TV viewers who haven't read the books?Correct!
4357	Teren_Kanan	2013-06-04	Yeah I'm doubting we'll see anything of his escape. We'll simply view someone talking about how he escaped, and is missing, then perhaps he'll show up in Riverrun.
4358	YourMomsBox	2013-06-04	sad thing is... so many Unsullied are making up theories that blackfish and edmure have a hand in RW planning /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Eh to be honest they should be well aware that Edmure had nothing to do with it. He was clearly whisked away in bliss, with no idea that anything but a night of happiness lay ahead. I can sort of understand some far fetched theories that Blackfish had something to do with it, but I expect that will be dismissed in the finale.
4359	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-05	I think he cuts down the Freys who come after him in the privy and then jumps off the bridge into the river to get away.
4360	Damon_Tor	2013-06-05	A few scenes before the big event, Blackfiqh excuses himself and leaves outside to take a piss.Then, unless i'm mistaken, no more news. what can we expect now? He may be alive here in the mess, fighthing with other northerners for a way to escape?Personaly, I Hope that we woml see more in season finale: something like him an a few conpanions escaping and planing their future.Either that or he just dies, which would mean that his storyline in books is overIt's pretty clear in the novels he's an awesome swimmer.  He probably killed a few Frey, saw them kill Cat (and the bodies of Rob and Mrs. Rob) through a window or something, then killed some MORE Frey, then jumped into the river from the top of one of the towers.  He doesn't surface and is assumed dead.Later, at Riverrun, they're fishing out bodies and weeping about it, when out of the river crawls the Blackfish, very much alive.
4361	Eizweix	2013-06-05	Man I would love to see that scene, where he's killing Freys /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4362	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Maybe they show him show him on the road heading out from the twins, someone stops him and ask where he's heading from. then we get him telling of his escape.
4363	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-06-05	It seems the next episode may open with the RW still taking place outside with the tents burning. I think we me get to see Ser Brynden open up some whoop ass on a few Frey's and, hopefully, escape the massacre.
4364	ServantOnIce	2013-06-05	Imagine if he passed out under a tree with the ugly Frey woman that was eying him.LOL#TeamBlackfishI think while he was somewhere refreshing himself he saw the commotion start and realize they were in a death trap, he fought his way free and escaped.  The Blackfish will return.
4365	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	My guess is that he fought his way out and hightailed it back to Riverrun. The Siege of Riverrun is a big part of Jaime's storyline. Numerous Jaime POVs are devoted to it. It shows Jaime's distaste at being allied with such a lecherous group as House Frey and it shows that he is growing into a capable leader of men who could one day possible rule something beyond a battle campaign in the future. It's a big maturation point for him.
4366	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	I'd also imagine that the Freys planned to kill the Blackfish along with Robb, Catelyn and Talisa, knowing what a dangerous enemy he could be and wanting to extinguish the Tullys. I think we'll have a dialogue with someone yelling about finding the Blackfish at all costs or something to the effect.
4367	lostinasia	2013-06-05	Was anyone else pleasantly surprised with the characterizations of Blackfish and Edmure in this episode? ... That one small scene where Blackfish states that he loves Edmure really helped. I also felt that they really made Edmure a bit more sympathetic, and did a nice job with his brief interactions with Roslin.Chiming in to agree. Even that stupid joke by Edmore abut the monster in his pants or whatever - we've all cringed when a well-meaning friend has tried to say something "cool" and has instead just said something dumb (or, heck, we've been that person!). It was nice to see both Edmure and the Blackfish as more likeable characters.I do wonder what they're going to do with the Blackfish next week: they don't want to make it look like he's running away, not until he knows it's too late for Robb and Cat. And for that matter, shouldn't he try to lead the army in a last stand? He is after all probably the top commander left.
					
					
							Edited by lostinasia, 05 June 2013 - 08:57 AM.
4368	Napyura	2013-06-05	What if they scrap Stoneheart for Blackfish?
4369	Envie	2013-06-05	What if they scrap Stoneheart for Blackfish?I actually considered this for a moment too ... people like Blackfish a lot and he's a badass who could go about the countryside doing the same vengeance killings... BUT then it would skew up all of Brienne's story after that, wouldn't it?It would also skew the storyline of Thoros of Myr and Lord Beric too... since he transfers the resurrection into Catelyn instead of Dondarrion. Fans have been introduced to them very clearly so that would alter everything from the books. I don't think they can leave her out can they?I think they need to put Lady Stoneheart in but I'm not really certain now after reading Michelle Fairley may not be returning next season to portray her, OR they're just doing a really good job of covering that up to throw us rabid fans off.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 05 June 2013 - 09:17 AM.
4370	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-05	In the books he didn't even go to the wedding, he remained in Riverrun, Jeyne Westerling also stayed in Riverrun, so Lord Walder wouldn't be insulted
They put Blackfish in the wedding to take Great Jon part, as the actor is missing in the show
he managed to escape because he left the castle to piss
4371	Zman1863	2013-06-05	In the books he didn't even go to the wedding, he remained in Riverrun, Jeyne Westerling also stayed in Riverrun, so Lord Walder wouldn't be insultedThey put Blackfish in the wedding to take Great Jon part, as the actor is missing in the showhe managed to escape because he left the castle to pissThe fact that he pretty much took the Greatjon's role indicated to me that he would end up a prisoner after the massacre since that's what happened to the Greatjon. But it could go either way; the bathroom break told us nothing other than that he survived the initial carnage. From the preview it looked like we will get some glimpse of the carnage in the camps and the aftermath. For the sake of rounding out storylines, it would make sense to show Edmure as a captive and the Blackfish with him or somehow slipping away if they are going that route.No idea where they'll have him go if he escaped. They only introduced Riverrun this season despite its prior strategic importance. They could easily get rid of it as the object of the AFFC siege.
4372	Eizweix	2013-06-05	I think Black fish is essential for the Riverrun siege scene, so that he will surrender it in exchange for Edmure's life. Unless they are gonna cut the siege scene.
Also Blackfish isn't worth anything as a hostage? Edmure yes, he's the Lord of Riverrun, but Blackfish actually has nothing to offer in exchange for his life / release.
What about if he would go back to the Vale to his niece Lysa Tully (he was there before he came to Riverrun to assist Robb)?
4373	Napyura	2013-06-05	They can simply scrap Riverrun siege and just send Edmure to Casterly Rock.
4374	Lady Arwen	2013-06-05	sad thing is... so many Unsullied are making up theories that blackfish and edmure have a hand in RW planning /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Wh--I don't even--? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
4375	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-06-05	My guess is that he fought his way out and hightailed it back to Riverrun. The Siege of Riverrun is a big part of Jaime's storyline. Numerous Jaime POVs are devoted to it. It shows Jaime's distaste at being allied with such a lecherous group as House Frey and it shows that he is growing into a capable leader of men who could one day possible rule something beyond a battle campaign in the future. It's a big maturation point for him.This.Blackfish is essentially presented in the books as a legendary badass, and as mentioned just how crucial the siege of Riverrun is to Jaime's further character development. So hopefully after the Blackfish found "a tree to piss on", he kills some Freys in their ambush of the Stark soldiers, but realizes they have no chance and escapes back to Riverrun.
4376	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-05	They can simply scrap Riverrun siege and just send Edmure to Casterly Rock.As I stated before, I strongly think they need the Siege of Riverrun as it's pretty important to Jaime's story arc. It also takes up much of his storyline between returning to King's Landing and being captured by Lady Stoneheart. What will they have Jaime do for all that time in between if he's not preoccupied with Blackfish and Riverrun? It's essential to Jaime's plot.
4377	Greywolf2375	2013-06-05	Wh--I don't even--? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />I'm not sure why that is so hard to fathom - the Blackfish gave an excuse of needing to go pee right before the whole thing went down, it's plausible given what we know (from just the show) that he had a part in it.  Edmure as well - as we see later on, sometimes the hardest person arguing against something proves the "doth protest too much" statement.
4378	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I'm not sure why that is so hard to fathom - the Blackfish gave an excuse of needing to go pee right before the whole thing went down, it's plausible given what we know (from just the show) that he had a part in it.  Edmure as well - as we see later on, sometimes the hardest person arguing against something proves the "doth protest too much" statement.I think the viewers aren't really accustomed to the fact that there are almost no ass-pulls in the story where characterization is suddenly reversed just for the sake of shocking the reader/viewer rather than telling a logical and interesting story. The whole "You never know what can happen" thing is sort of true, but the clues are always there and not just  a blind-sided HAHA GOTCHA kind of thing. Besides Blackfish needing to take a piss before it all goes down there's really no reason to believe it. The only exception I can think of to this is Stannis' shadowbaby, which basically came out of nowhere and could've never been predicted, nor was it ever hinted at.
4379	lostinasia	2013-06-05	I think the viewers aren't really accustomed to the fact that there are almost no ass-pulls in the story where characterization is suddenly reversed just for the sake of shocking the reader/viewer rather than telling a logical and interesting story.Well, to be honest, between Shae's suddenly raging at Tyrion for remarking that Sansa's pretty, and Robb's abandoning his vows for Talisa, and even the rather unaccountable loyalty of Osha for the Starks, I wouldn't say the show's characterization is that consistent. I can certainly see how show-only viewers would be suspicious of the Blackfish at the moment: his earlier speech to Cat about how he loves his nephew could even be viewed as some kind of coded apology for how he's betraying the rest of them to save Edmure. The convenient departure before an attack is common in TV and film. I'm quite sure that's NOT what's happening, but it'd be easy to interpret that way.
4380	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	As I stated before, I strongly think they need the Siege of Riverrun as it's pretty important to Jaime's story arc. It also takes up much of his storyline between returning to King's Landing and being captured by Lady Stoneheart. What will they have Jaime do for all that time in between if he's not preoccupied with Blackfish and Riverrun? It's essential to Jaime's plot.I was leaning toward them cutting the Seige of Riverrun, but I think everything points to their keeping it. If Edmure and Brynden survive the RW, it really is a great sequence for Jaime, leading up to the summons from Brienne. We just won't get the Brackens and Blackwoods ad nauseum.
4381	intheswamp	2013-06-05	Brynden was busy putting a Tully heir inside Roslin, because, as Tom of Sevens said, Edmure's floppy fish can't get the job done.
4382	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	Brynden was busy putting a Tully heir inside Roslin, because, as Tom of Sevens said, Edmure's floppy fish can't get the job done.Whatever happened to Blackfish being gay?
4383	YTDN	2013-06-06	If they do the siege of Riverrun, I can imagine some sort of funny/heartwarming scene when Edmure is sent in to surrender the castle.
Edmure: I was shagging my wife when my sister and nephew were murdered!
Blackfish: Yeah, well I was pissing on a tree
*Awkward laughs, hugs, Edmure helps Blackfish escape*
4384	King Tam Stark	2013-06-06	I'd also imagine that the Freys planned to kill the Blackfish along with Robb, Catelyn and Talisa, knowing what a dangerous enemy he could be and wanting to extinguish the Tullys. I think we'll have a dialogue with someone yelling about finding the Blackfish at all costs or something to the effect.considering the detailed planning that went in to the massacre allowing the black fish to easily escape it was a bit cheap and would probably have been better if he'd just stayed in riverrun to start with
4385	zaphodbrx	2013-06-06	If anyone listens to the podcast of Ice and Fire, there's the hilarious Pink Walder theory.
Blackfish is gay, and he goes to the godswood to hang out with his buddy Pink Walder the gay Frey. They're making out, but Blackfish sees that something is wrong, and escapes. Pink Walder is then berated by his family ( You had one job! ). 
They take the place of GreatJon and Merret Frey.
4386	ugashep	2013-06-08	Whatever happened to Blackfish being gay? That was entirely based on the fact that he was kind of old and not married as if being gay is the only reason one would never marry.
4387	shk12344	2013-06-08	That was entirely based on the fact that he was kind of old and not married as if being gay is the only reason one would never marry.People want to see what they want to see
4388	TMWNN	2013-06-02	Attention Westeros.org! Operation WaW (Weeping and Wailing) is scheduled for today. The plan is to record as many reaction videos as possible of nonreaders to the Red Wedding and post them online in a central location.Details are at the Reddit discussion thread. We look forward to laughing at your friends' tears!
4389	Tirilei	2013-06-03	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?
4390	Bannerless Man	2013-06-03	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?Thanks to this:http://en.wikipedia....i/Schadenfreude
4391	TheLoreSeeker	2013-06-03	The person I watched it with just up and screamed at the top of her lungs.,,,,it was 2:30 in the morning. SO my family woke up assuming someone had tried to kill her.
4392	Dragonstoned	2013-06-03	Nice reaction compilation video http://www.youtube.c...h?v=xmWCqrMdqE0
4393	Lehnaru	2013-06-03	These reactions are brilliant. I'm still crying with laughter. Poor, poor Unsullied.
4394	Khal Pono	2013-06-03	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?That's kind of judgmental.  Yes I suppose it might be entertaining on some level to see people upset but I think it's more that it has a certain documentary value to see how emotionally invested many of the viewers (even non book-readers) are in the show and it speaks to the power of the material.In any case, I gasped louder than any the non-book readers I watch the show with.
4395	wolverine	2013-06-03	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?Maybe cause it is just a show?  Get off your high horse.
4396	yushkevsh	2013-06-03	I saw one of these reaction videos and it's scary -- people get REALLY into TV shows don't they? I mean REALLY REALLY into it. One poor girl literally freaked out to the point you would've swore she just heard her parents died. It was creepy to say the least.
Thankfully other reactions were mostly mild by comparison, nothing you wouldn't expect from a scary horror movie scene.
4397	Rhasgul	2013-06-04	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?Sad comment trying to whiteknight.There are tv-programs all about showing homemade clips about people hurting themselves in terrible ways and such. This is simply laughing at someone who saw someone in a tv-show die. Get your priorities straight and grow up.
4398	Dove	2013-06-04	I saw one of these reaction videos and it's scary -- people get REALLY into TV shows don't they? I mean REALLY REALLY into it. One poor girl literally freaked out to the point you would've swore she just heard her parents died. It was creepy to say the least.Thankfully other reactions were mostly mild by comparison, nothing you wouldn't expect from a scary horror movie scene.I haven't watched any of those videos but it wouldn't surprise me if a lot of people are just hamming it up for attention/views or whatever. I mean, I'm really fucking in to this series but if someone's genuinely weeping, wailing, and gnashing and throwing an actual fit that's pretty silly.edit: yeah, just searched out a few random videos on youtube - this ain't for me, most people just aren't funny or entertaining. It was fun seeing my friend's reactions after watching (I was way too spellbound to really care in the middle of it) but that's about it. there's a few pretty good tweets on that one RW compilation twitter someone posted though
					
					
							Edited by Hunt, 04 June 2013 - 12:31 AM.
4399	Tirilei	2013-06-04	Thanks to this:http://en.wikipedia....i/SchadenfreudeUsing a word from my language, ok. Being schadenfroh is not a good character trait. Filming a friend's reaction and putting it up online for others to laugh at, only a jerk who doesn't deserve friends would do that.
4400	Rhasgul	2013-06-04	Using a word from my language, ok. Being schadenfroh is not a good character trait. Filming a friend's reaction and putting it up online for others to laugh at, only a jerk who doesn't deserve friends would do that.You, kind sir, must be socially retarded.As I pointed out earlier it is a common thing in our society to do stuff like that. There are failcompilations online of people hurting themselves and they get millions of views. There are shows on MTV and such that show clips where people break bones. There are loaaaaads of ways you can see people fall/get hurt/get embarrassed and that's because it's not the nicest thing to do, you do it for a laugh.THIS however, hurts noone. The people in the videos DON'T get hurt, they get upset over the loss of an imaginary character. You must be struggling with mental disabilities if you seriously think putting these videos online makes you less of a person.
4401	Tirilei	2013-06-04	You, kind sir, must be socially retarded.As I pointed out earlier it is a common thing in our society to do stuff like that. There are failcompilations online of people hurting themselves and they get millions of views. There are shows on MTV and such that show clips where people break bones. There are loaaaaads of ways you can see people fall/get hurt/get embarrassed and that's because it's not the nicest thing to do, you do it for a laugh.THIS however, hurts noone. The people in the videos DON'T get hurt, they get upset over the loss of an imaginary character. You must be struggling with mental disabilities if you seriously think putting these videos online makes you less of a person."Socially retarded", "mental disabilities", this minor little exchange is reason for you to use words that strong? Never mind then, let's consider this conversation over.  And I'm not a "sir".
4402	Mav Of The Canals	2013-06-05	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?I know, right? I usually just bathe in their tears.
4403	Rob Snow	2013-06-05	Full disclosure:
I am not usually an overly emotional person, but I do have a fair amount of empathy for my fellow man.
My wife (Unsullied)  took a couple of days to watch the show, but when she did, I let her watch it in peace.
Later, she told me that she cried when Talisa and here baby died, and that she would no longer be watching the show with me.  
I attempted to console her, by telling her that all readers pretty much felt the same way when we read the Red Wedding, but give it a few days/weeks/months, to recover.
My point is that being emotionally invested in the story is not a sign of weakness.  The fact that we are all posting for the most part daily on this site means that , whether we want to admit it or not, we are all emotionally invested in these books, and by extension to TV show.
4404	Eric Xayavong	2013-06-05	Using a word from my language, ok. Being schadenfroh is not a good character trait. Filming a friend's reaction and putting it up online for others to laugh at, only a jerk who doesn't deserve friends would do that.Judging other people's friendship doesn't seem to be a good character trait either. It's condescending. You're probably right about some who are bad friends. Some friends are comfortable with these things, let them be.As for apparently being a undeserving jerk, we get off on it because we've gone through the same experience that we now get to share with a friend. Not to be compared to a cheap thrill. We'd like to look back on these experiences because they are priceless. I kind wish I could see my own reaction. But that's me and I don't speak for everyone.
4405	Broken Fox	2013-06-05	Why are you getting off on that?  Laughing at people's tears? And who would take advantage of their friends like that?Because it's hilarious. Pranks are fun.. chill out.
4406	Tyria Targaryen	2013-06-06	I didn't record anybody watching, but I'm enjoying watching the reaction videos because for the first time I get to share the experience of the Red Wedding with other people. Like other readers, I experienced it in isolation with no one there to videotape me. Seeing the videos is cathartic. And it's not like I'm laughing only at them. I'm laughing at myself and all the rest of us too. This is an experience we've all gone through.
4407	BurningCandle	2013-06-06	I didn't record anybody watching, but I'm enjoying watching the reaction videos because for the first time I get to share the experience of the Red Wedding with other people. Like other readers, I experienced it in isolation with no one there to videotape me. Seeing the videos is cathartic. And it's not like I'm laughing only at them. I'm laughing at myself and all the rest of us too. This is an experience we've all gone through.You should seriously check out the "Angry Hitler" one they posted, taking footage from a WWII movie but overwriting the German titles with stuff about the RW, it's freaking hilarious.
4408	Aegnor	2013-06-06	Using a word from my language, ok. Being schadenfroh is not a good character trait. Filming a friend's reaction and putting it up online for others to laugh at, only a jerk who doesn't deserve friends would do that.I just want to point out that while Schadenfreude is obviously a German word, it is a loan-word in the English language. The English language has a ton of words derived from German. Kindergarten is another obvious one.
4409	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-06-06	My friends didn't say a word until the silent credits aired and they said "are you fucking kidding me?"
4410	Bib Fortuna	2013-06-06	This reaction compilation makes me laugh every time I watch it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=78juOpTM3tEI mean, I cringed and shouted when Talisa got babystabbed, since I wasn't expecting that at all, but not nearly on the level of some of these people.
4411	ExBruinsFan	2013-06-07	Maybe cause it is just a show?  Get off your high horse.The people's reactions, their emotions aren't 'just a show'.If it's just a show, why watch? If you don't care about the characters, why watch?I don't have an issue with taping the reactions. I find them more moving than the episode itself, as those are real people having strong emotions. I am not cool with mocking them, though.
4412	Azzanadra	2013-06-08	I knew this was coming for a while so.... it didn't affect me as much as it should of I think. Would be much more effective if I only watched the show.
4413	Ralph	2013-06-08	Btw, anyone who has friends/family very upset just tell them that Game of Thrones is the story about a multisided conflict called War of the FIVE Kings.
Renly crept up north with a hundred thousend men and was killed. Most of his men then went to fight for Stannis and tens of thousands of them died on the Blackwater. Robbs army is the third major force to get consumed by the war. It won't be the last. If you thought this has a happy ending you haven't been paying attention ;-)
4414	scurvy	2013-06-03	I'm glad they at least put a Merman into the Red Wedding.  Obviously Robb's whole host of bannermen have been eliminated from the story.  I thought he might be the Smalljon at first, which would have been cool if they got him drunk and he snapped a neck or two before he was killed.  But, when that Merman pin was gleaming so obviously, it made him Wendel.  No lines, no name, but a big fat Merman pin and a reasonably fat, although not to fat to sit a horse Manderly.
4415	Jazzman	2013-06-04	I also thought about that. I really think it was a mistake to not show all or most of Robbs bannermen in some way. Now it feels like the unsullied dont undestand that many northern houses are very mad at Boltons & Freys
4416	Mulled Wino	2013-06-04	Agreed.  How legit is the outrage going to feel?  I mean House Manderly is just going to show up out of the blue as a major force??? So major that they did zilch in Robbs war.
its also going to be odd when we find out the Robett Glover is the HM and they hadn't properly introduced him.  Although I suppose we still have time for that with Davos lol.
4417	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-04	I also thought about that. I really think it was a mistake to not show all or most of Robbs bannermen in some way. Now it feels like the unsullied dont undestand that many northern houses are very mad at Boltons &amp; FreysIt's like they didnt think it though when they decided not to cast ppl, all of a sudden you're suppose to have these families outraged about ppl we never met.
4418	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	It's like they didnt think it though when they decided not to cast ppl, all of a sudden you're suppose to have these families outraged about ppl we never met.It's more like they didn't want to pay real actors to be glorified extras this season only to have real parts in seasons 4 & 5. Remember Roose Bolton in Season 1? Yeah, me neither. It's like going on and on about the Reeds not showing up at Winterfell in season 2- they're saving money. Also, if you start someone with a tiny part they're less likely to stick around for when you really need them.
4419	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-06-04	He also had a really nifty mustache.
4420	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-04	They would have just needed one scene in which Robb is together with other Northmen holding a council. The probably did not want to cast the actors for some small part, but I think this would have made the RW episode even better.
4421	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	They would have just needed one scene in which Robb is together with other Northmen holding a council. The probably did not want to cast the actors for some small part, but I think this would have made the RW episode even better.hmm maybe the council could have been about Robbs will.........
4422	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	i personally think that stark bannermen have been covered fairly well in all seasons (no greatjon was disappointing, but it was the actor who chose to go do something else) the featuring of wendel manderley, though probably not obvious at all to unsullied, was a nice nod to the books and to the future when unsullied can watch this episode again (if they ever want to, and go "ah, see there's that guy who they were talking about") they don't really need to show that the northern lords are outraged by this, that will probably be revealed next episode and even more in seasons to come, unsullied fans can wait until then
4423	protar	2013-06-04	I noticed him in the background but it's a shame he didn't actually get any speaking parts. He doesn't necessarily need one though. Do you think we'll get Davos' treating with Manderly next season so that they can move Theon's plot along as well and have Manderly at Jeyne/Ramsay's wedding in S4?
4424	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	Yeah I was delighted to see that Manderly in the background- a little clue for the future.However I must say in the books, it isn't obvious how much the Northerners hate the Boltons and Freys- at least, it wasn't to me anyway. Honestly, from the RW, to Davos arriving in White Harbour, there are no POV's in the north other than Reek n' Ramsey. There is nothing to indicate that the Starks still command loyalty, or that the rest knew exactly what happened at the RW and resent the Boltons and Freys. The Karstarks had already turned cloak on Robb and were probably happy that the Starks would no longer be in a position to threaten them/punish them.Call me dumb, but until Lord Manderly does his big reveal to Davos, I totally bought into the idea that the North/Manderly had either been duped, repressed, cowed, or simply lacked any honour. We are meant to suspect for a short while that Manderly was a self-serving, cold hearted, craven, or stupid man, and that Davos was the only man clever enough, brave enough, or noble enough to call the Freys out on their lie, making the reveal of Manderly's motives when it comes all the sweeter.The Freys serving up a dead son to Lord Manderly and lying about who killed him, and Lord Manderly apparently believing him is fine by me. We can get the expose' about the Manderly's history with the Starks and how "bravely" his son fought when talking to Davos. It doesn't need some Manderly talking 2 seasons earlier for people to buy into it. We know Robb had "bannermen" had "lords" and that we probably haven't met all of them. I'm fine with that.A major criticism of the show is the size of the cast and the ability of non-book readers to keep track of all of them, and to care about them when there is a finite amount of air time to service them all. I would have liked to see a few lords and ser's introduced in a council discussing the Ruby Ford battle with Roose Bolton and Robb, but honestly, I don't think it really matters that much.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 06:54 AM.
4425	Weeping Sore	2013-06-04	I noticed him in the background but it's a shame he didn't actually get any speaking parts. He doesn't necessarily need one though. Do you think we'll get Davos' treating with Manderly next season so that they can move Theon's plot along as well and have Manderly at Jeyne/Ramsay's wedding in S4?The Ramsay wedding in S4? Seems a little soon. Definitely think they'll keep Davos/Manderly next season but I think Ramsay's wedding would be early S5 at the soonest.
4426	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	The Ramsay wedding in S4? Seems a little soon. Definitely think they'll keep Davos/Manderly next season but I think Ramsay's wedding would be early S5 at the soonest.Really? Davos/Manderly as soon as S4?Jon needs to get back to CB, sweet talk a blacksmith before being trusted to help with the defence, then they need to do the battle for CB, then they need to do the battle at the wall, then they need Stannis to come up and fight the wildlings, win, deal with Mance, establish a foothold on the wall, in cooperation with the LC- (therefore, we need the whole election thing too which deserves a fair bit of coverage) plus interactions with Jon, Stannis and Melisandre before Stannis can think about sending Davos down to WH. That is a hell of a lot of story to get through. I think S5 at the earliest for Davos/Manderly
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 08:59 AM.
4427	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	oops
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 08:56 AM.
4428	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-06-04	Really? Davos/Manderly as soon as S4?Jon needs to get back to CB, sweet talk a blacksmith before being trusted to help with the defence, then they need to do the battle for CB, then they need to do the battle at the wall, then they need Stannis to come up and fight the wildlings, win, deal with Mance, establish a foothold on the wall, in cooperation with the LC- (therefore, we need the whole election thing too which deserves a fair bit of coverage) plus interactions with Jon, Stannis and Melisandre before Stannis can think about sending Davos down to WH. That is a hell of a lot of story to get through. I think S5 at the earliest for Davos/Manderly Well the Davos / Manderly meeting falls into the time-frame of AFFC, so it is not impossible depending on whether or not bits of AFFC is incoprporated into S4 and when Stannis arrives at the wall.
4429	juanml82	2013-06-04	It's more like they didn't want to pay real actors to be glorified extras this season only to have real parts in seasons 4 & 5. Remember Roose Bolton in Season 1? Yeah, me neither. It's like going on and on about the Reeds not showing up at Winterfell in season 2- they're saving money. Also, if you start someone with a tiny part they're less likely to stick around for when you really need them.They would have just needed one scene in which Robb is together with other Northmen holding a council. The probably did not want to cast the actors for some small part, but I think this would have made the RW episode even better.They could just have the glorified extras during seasons 2 and 3 and kill them all in the RW and, for hostages, non recognizable men with blazons being captured. Maybe at the camp in the follow up during episode 10, have some Frey order his men to capture the bannermen. One or two seasons afterwards, they put a name to those captured lords.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 04 June 2013 - 09:57 AM.
4430	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Yeah I was delighted to see that Manderly in the background- a little clue for the future.It's not just a clue -- it's a sign that D&D get the whole issue of what it means to have had those bannermen slaughtered and/or captured.  They put him there for a reason.However I must say in the books, it isn't obvious how much the Northerners hate the Boltons and Freys- at least, it wasn't to me anyway. Honestly, from the RW, to Davos arriving in White Harbour, there are no POV's in the north other than Reek n' Ramsey. There is nothing to indicate that the Starks still command loyalty, or that the rest knew exactly what happened at the RW and resent the Boltons and Freys. The Karstarks had already turned cloak on Robb and were probably happy that the Starks would no longer be in a position to threaten them/punish them.Call me dumb, but until Lord Manderly does his big reveal to Davos, I totally bought into the idea that the North/Manderly had either been duped, repressed, cowed, or simply lacked any honour. We are meant to suspect for a short while that Manderly was a self-serving, cold hearted, craven, or stupid man, and that Davos was the only man clever enough, brave enough, or noble enough to call the Freys out on their lie, making the reveal of Manderly's motives when it comes all the sweeter.My thoughts exactly.  The truth about the RW was not common knowledge -- there was a Frey disinformation campaign that appeared, for a time, to be successful.The writers clearly decided that the emotional impact of the RW was key, so they focused on a few personalities to emphasize that.  I'd have liked to have seen at least a couple of the bannermen introduced, but that's nothing that can't be resolved in a conversation between Tyrion and Tywin, or between the Blackfish and someone else.  Simply point out that it was not just Robb, but all his bannermen as well, and it will be the entire North pissed about this if word leaks out about what really happened.The Freys serving up a dead son to Lord Manderly and lying about who killed him, and Lord Manderly apparently believing him is fine by me. We can get the expose' about the Manderly's history with the Starks and how "bravely" his son fought when talking to Davos. It doesn't need some Manderly talking 2 seasons earlier for people to buy into it. We know Robb had "bannermen" had "lords" and that we probably haven't met all of them. I'm fine with that.Again, agree completely.
4431	Dove	2013-06-04	That Manderly dude was adorable, I loved his moustache. I wish they'd given him some lines or something, he looked pretty interesting. Then again, the episode was pretty crowded for time already.
4432	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	I completely missed this!!!  Will have to go back and rewatch it, but my question is how will he get away and 'live to tell the tale'?  I thought that the only survivor was Blackfish and in the book it was because he stayed behind with Jeyne.  I guess in tv version it will be because he went out to 'find a tree and take a piss', at least I assume they'll let him live since he plays a big part in things at Riverrun when Jaime goes there with his Lannister army, per daddy's orders.  How would there have been any survivors at all?  Though now that I think about it, Darcy Mormont showed up after Asha was taken prisoner by Stannis, and I thought she'd been at the RW, so now /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4433	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	I completely missed this!!!  Will have to go back and rewatch it, but my question is how will he get away and 'live to tell the tale'?  I thought that the only survivor was Blackfish and in the book it was because he stayed behind with Jeyne.   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Not everyone was killed.  Some of the bannermen were taken hostage.  I'm not inclined to watch the whole thing again right now, but I don't think all the bannermen were clearly dead when Walder Frey held up his hand.  Looks to me like some were still alive, if not standing.
4434	BurningCandle	2013-06-04	Lord Manderly's Frey pies had better be in the show at some point.
[Edit] OMG I'm a hedge knight! When did that happen?
					
					
							Edited by BurningCandle, 04 June 2013 - 11:18 AM.
4435	JMJ	2013-06-04	Although it would be awesome to show all the bannermen, all the details of each key scene, I have no problem with how HBO did it. They have only so much time and money, so I think they made the choice not to show all the bannermen at the RW.
I'm guessing they will retrospectively have it mentioned who was and wasn't killed in future episodes. Using dialogue to get these points across is a bit of a cop out, I know, but it's really the only practical way to do it.
4436	JMJ	2013-06-04	Oh, and speaking of bannermen, I didn't see Dacey Mormont! Anyone else able to confirm that?
4437	protar	2013-06-04	The Ramsay wedding in S4? Seems a little soon. Definitely think they'll keep Davos/Manderly next season but I think Ramsay's wedding would be early S5 at the soonest.Nah, I think they have to move the wedding to S4 to keep Ramsay and Roose on screen after their big debut as villains. However no way in seven hells am I letting D+D have the wedding without Manderly, /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> that, plus the need to keep Davos on screen means all the Manderly stuff can be this season.I think that Gendry will be freed next week, with Stannis and co. setting off for the Wall. There's not much need to keep it a secret so on the way Stannis can send Davos off with a ship to Whiteharbour to treat with Manderly.Meanwhile we're introduced to Jeyne/whoever they're using for Fake!Arya and Manderly is at Winterfell in time for the wedding.
4438	Frumpus	2013-06-04	Protar, you keep thinking they are going to stick to the books and you will inevitably end up being disappointed time and time again.
I'm of the opinion that Theon's ADwD storyline is going to be completely different on the tv show. There probably won't even be a fake Arya/Jeyne Poole.
4439	protar	2013-06-04	Protar, you keep thinking they are going to stick to the books and you will inevitably end up being disappointed time and time again.I'm of the opinion that Theon's ADwD storyline is going to be completely different on the tv show. There probably won't even be a fake Arya/Jeyne Poole.What basis are you making those assumptions on? Despite grating changes the show has stuck to the main plot so far. There's no reason to assume that they'll make such drastic changes to Theon's story, especially as Theon is clearly one of their favourite characters. What benefit is there to it? What alternative story are you suggesting?
4440	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	What basis are you making those assumptions on? Despite grating changes the show has stuck to the main plot so far. There's no reason to assume that they'll make such drastic changes to Theon's story, especially as Theon is clearly one of their favourite characters. What benefit is there to it? What alternative story are you suggesting?Well, at the least, they've got to do something with him next season other than keep him locked up and tortured.  So there's certainly going to be some changes to his character arc.
4441	protar	2013-06-04	Well, at the least, they've got to do something with him next season other than keep him locked up and tortured.  So there's certainly going to be some changes to his character arc.Or they do what I just said upthread and move some of ADWD material into S4, up until Jeyne's wedding to Ramsay. Keeps Theon busy, keeps Ramsay and Roose in the spot light and gives some hope of northern redemption with Manderly.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 04 June 2013 - 12:22 PM.
4442	Sir Mark of the East	2013-06-04	Woah! Didn't notice him the first time around! Thanks for pointing that out!
4443	Istakhr	2013-06-04	Or they do what I just said upthread and move some of ADWD material into S4, up until Jeyne's wedding to Ramsay. Keeps Theon busy, keeps Ramsay and Roose in the spot light and gives some hope of northern redemption with Manderly.I don't think they'll bring Ramsay wedding to S4. I think he is going to torture Theon some more to complete his transformation to Reek and probably also use him to trick some Iron Islanders similar to the book. Then his wedding will happen in one of the early episodes of S5.
4444	The Monkey	2013-06-04	Did we see him die?
4445	piratesswoop	2013-06-04	That Manderly dude was adorable, I loved his moustache. I wish they'd given him some lines or something, he looked pretty interesting. Then again, the episode was pretty crowded for time already.Crowded for time? It ended 7 minutes early.
4446	teemo	2013-06-04	It took me quite awhile to spot him out.  I'm thinking maybe a scene was cut, otherwise I doubt they would have cast someone for such a brief shot.
4447	Rhaquentis	2013-06-04	Yeah, I noticed the pin. For a brief moment, I also thought Roslin's cloak had the Westerling shells on it, put there just to mess with the book readers /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4448	scurvy	2013-06-04	Crowded for time? It ended 7 minutes early.And, started a few minutes late as well.  It was about a 48 minute episode.  They could have put it on regular tv and hardly missed a commercial.  Of course there's no way that could even have been on regular cable.  It had to be a pay-movie channel.
4449	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Crowded for time? It ended 7 minutes early.I thought I was crazy.  So, it was short.  Really strange decision.
4450	Montey14	2013-06-04	Maybe  they couldn't get enough extras to play the key bannermen rolls. in the coming attaractions they do show all of Robbs camp being burned to a crisp and all of the northmen in the camps were  executed..I think the unsullied got the idea that full scale massacre was at hand.....plus in the coming attractions we do see Tyrion mentioning that the North will not forget ..... I think they made up for the lack of bannermen in how savagely they killed preggers Talisa.
4451	Damon_Tor	2013-06-05	It's more like they didn't want to pay real actors to be glorified extras this season only to have real parts in seasons 4 & 5. Remember Roose Bolton in Season 1? Yeah, me neither. It's like going on and on about the Reeds not showing up at Winterfell in season 2- they're saving money. Also, if you start someone with a tiny part they're less likely to stick around for when you really need them.It's not really about saving money so much as it is keeping a cap on the number of new characters they introduce at once.  Unsullied, the poor dears, have a hard time keeping them all straight.
4452	Khal Pono	2013-06-05	Anyone have a screenshot of this dude?  I watched it twice and I didn't notice him.
4453	Bran's Legs	2013-06-05	If I'm not mistaken, I think Manderly was in two scenes. There's the first scene when he's at the head dinner table of the reception and then there's the scene when Robb and Talisa are talking about the name of the child. I think Manderly is in the background talking to Black Walder. Could be mistaken. I was almost like they wanted to drop them into the background of that shot for a reason. Minutes later, Black Walder kills Talisa.
4454	Falcon92	2013-06-05	Anyone have a screenshot of this dude?  I watched it twice and I didn't notice him.Pause at 38:53 and you'll see him
4455	tito5601	2013-06-05	why put him in the show if they dont even have him say anything or let us watch him die so non book readers can know hes somewhat important for later on in the story
4456	Tom son of Tom	2013-06-05	It's more like they didn't want to pay real actors to be glorified extras this season only to have real parts in seasons 4 & 5. Remember Roose Bolton in Season 1? Yeah, me neither. It's like going on and on about the Reeds not showing up at Winterfell in season 2- they're saving money. Also, if you start someone with a tiny part they're less likely to stick around for when you really need them.This. They did have Beric Dondarion in S1 though. Makes me wonder if the guy in S1 was always intended to be THE Beric and the actor didn't want to sit around a full season without doing anything, or if they just casted him for a small part and recast later...
4457	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-05	If I'm not mistaken, I think Manderly was in two scenes. There's the first scene when he's at the head dinner table of the reception and then there's the scene when Robb and Talisa are talking about the name of the child. I think Manderly is in the background talking to Black Walder. Could be mistaken. I was almost like they wanted to drop them into the background of that shot for a reason. Minutes later, Black Walder kills Talisa.Four scenes, actually. He is behind Robb/Cat in the wedding ceremony, and Cat crawls past his corpse later (in which, in a cool nod to readers, he has a bolt through his mouth, just like in the book)
4458	The Fourth Head	2013-06-05	Nah, I think they have to move the wedding to S4 to keep Ramsay and Roose on screen after their big debut as villains. However no way in seven hells am I letting D+D have the wedding without Manderly, /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> that, plus the need to keep Davos on screen means all the Manderly stuff can be this season.Surely not- that would involve rushing through/condensing an awful lot of storyline up on the wall. It doesn't make any sense sending Davos down to meet Manderly until after Stannis has secured the wall and even then, there is a lot of story to get through- Sallador's wavering faith, Davos' being marooned, Davos getting to WH, Davos being imprisoned, the Freys, the big reveal- not to mention the creation of Reek, and the Moat Cailin adventure. Seriously, that is too much to cram in to one season. Hell- its taken Jon one season to get from the Frostfangs to Queenscrown.Roose can get plenty of story taking Moat Cailin, as can Ramsey and Theon- assuming Ramsey doesn't go on a Rickon boy-hunt of course. Tricking the Iron-born, winning the fort and having them skinned is plenty of story.Great spot Rabid Grunt. Thanks! Manderly is in loads of shots- acting his socks off, poor man.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 05 June 2013 - 01:02 PM.
4459	King Cheops	2013-06-05	There's no point casting people for bit parts because if you later need them you may end up getting screwed by them getting other work.  Case in point being the Great John.
There isn't anything wrong with telling not showing in later seasons.  GRRM does this in the book anyway so it's not like it is even D&D "butchering" the story.  Both Manderly and Dustin talk at length about how pissed they are with the Freys.  The same thing is going to happen in the show.  Ultimately those killed at the Red Wedding aren't important to the story going forward -- the reactions of those who survive are what's important.  Why waste precious screen time and budget?
4460	protar	2013-06-05	Surely not- that would involve rushing through/condensing an awful lot of storyline up on the wall. It doesn't make any sense sending Davos down to meet Manderly until after Stannis has secured the wall and even then, there is a lot of story to get through- Sallador's wavering faith, Davos' being marooned, Davos getting to WH, Davos being imprisoned, the Freys, the big reveal- not to mention the creation of Reek, and the Moat Cailin adventure. Seriously, that is too much to cram in to one season. Hell- its taken Jon one season to get from the Frostfangs to Queenscrown.Roose can get plenty of story taking Moat Cailin, as can Ramsey and Theon- assuming Ramsey doesn't go on a Rickon boy-hunt of course. Tricking the Iron-born, winning the fort and having them skinned is plenty of story.Great spot Rabid Grunt. Thanks! Manderly is in loads of shots- acting his socks off, poor man.I think there's less story than you think. It seems that Salla has already abandoned Stannis in the show (though I can see him helping Davos free Gendry as one last favour.). Davos being marooned on the Three Sisters is almost certainly being cut. It doesn't add much to the story aside from another wrinkle into the Jon mystery, and a bit of world building.It also seems that Moat Cailin has been cut from the show (else why not use Robb's master plan as a great time to engrave it in viewer's memories?). I also doubt that we'll be seeing anything of Rickon being hunted by Ramsay. It just seems so superfluous and to time-consuming with little material to work with.It makes enough sense for Stannis to dispatch Davos to Whiteharbour before taking the Wall, to help consolidate his claim in one fell swoop.So yeah I see the northern story revolving around the Boltons pushing the Ironborn out of a random northern castle with Theon's help and introducing us to Jeyne Poole as Fake Arya. At Winterfell there's some politiking with the northern lords (Hother Umber, and Lady Dustin?) extrapolated from Theon's early ADWD chapters.  Meanwhile Davos is sent by Stannis whilst en route to the Wall to treat with Manderly, who's also hosting Black Walder and Lame Lothar Frey (who we've already been introduced to.). Davos is sent off to Skaagos episode 6-7, and Manderly arrives at Winterfell an episode or two later for Ramsay and Farya's wedding.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 05 June 2013 - 02:42 PM.
4461	Slingingstones	2013-06-06	The Manderly that resembles a young Ron Jeremy.
4462	hedgeknight001	2013-06-06	The Freys serving up a dead son to Lord Manderly and lying about who killed him, and Lord Manderly apparently believing him is fine by me. We can get the expose' about the Manderly's history with the Starks and how "bravely" his son fought when talking to Davos. It doesn't need some Manderly talking 2 seasons earlier for people to buy into it. We know Robb had "bannermen" had "lords" and that we probably haven't met all of them. I'm fine with that.Yes, as much as I would have liked to see some explicit identification of least some of the Robb's bannermen, it would just be confusing to the non-readers.It's already confusing enough: my wife (non-reader) keeps mixing up Roose and Davos.
					
					
							Edited by hedgeknight001, 06 June 2013 - 07:29 PM.
4463	Russo	2013-06-06	Well the Davos / Manderly meeting falls into the time-frame of AFFC, so it is not impossible depending on whether or not bits of AFFC is incoprporated into S4 and when Stannis arrives at the wall.Yeah I think Chronologically it having Davos at least meet him in S4 may even be more accurate, in the books his imprisonment would have to take a while as he must first meet Manderlay, news of his imprisonment must reach KL, demands for Davos execution reach white harbour, news of his execution reach KL again, then his son must reach White Harbour (obviously the longest period of time).From his meeting to being told to get Rickon, 2 months of time I don't think is that much of a stretch. Being imprisonsed by Manderley sounds like a good finish to Davos' S4 arc.
4464	Q the Cat	2013-06-06	Four scenes, actually. He is behind Robb/Cat in the wedding ceremony, and Cat crawls past his corpse later (in which, in a cool nod to readers, he has a bolt through his mouth, just like in the book)I noticed the pin on Manderly during the wedding scene.  I'll have to re-watch to see the bolt through the mouth.  Good eyes!
4465	Sssand Sssnake	2013-06-06	I missed the merman too! lol! Going to rewatch tonight.
4466	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-06	They still could name or reference the dead bannermen in the next episode. The Red Wedding isn't over yet according to the episode promo.Oh, and speaking of bannermen, I didn't see Dacey Mormont! Anyone else able to confirm that?I think there is no mention of the Mormont girls in the show yet.Bastards!Did we see him die?He got shot inside his mouth, I think. I doubt he survived.Anyone have a screenshot of this dude?  I watched it twice and I didn't notice him.Here:https://fbcdn-sphoto...022334857_n.jpghttps://pbs.twimg.co...AOxMQ.jpg:largeIf you google him + Red Wedding you might find a few gifs.
4467	Michael Snow	2013-06-06	I've also been worried about the lack of representation of Robb's bannermen in the show this season. My Unsullied friends can literally not name a single other northern house. Obviously, they don't know anything about his bannermen in the riverlands, either. It would have been hard to make room for it, and they really needed to focus ALL available efforts on Roose to set him up. And you know what? They still didn't do a good job of that. Until this episode, none of my Unsullied friends had any inkling of what Roose's name was. They knew he was one of Robb's guys, and paid him just about no mind. So yeah, I can see why they couldn't afford to build up any of his bannermen aside from Edmure and Brynden Tully; no time, and viewers have a hard time keeping track of this enormous cast of characters. I watched season one before I read the books, and I vaguely remember how hazy my grasp was on the extended cast and their family names, regions, et cetera.
4468	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	I think there is no mention of the Mormont girls in the show yet.Bastards!I was watching S1 with commentary and Benioff and Weiss say something like "Dacey Mormont" when the one woman at the King in the North scene laughs. So I guess that was supposed to be Dacey but was never named...Or seen again lol.
4469	Russo	2013-06-06	I've also been worried about the lack of representation of Robb's bannermen in the show this season. My Unsullied friends can literally not name a single other northern house. Obviously, they don't know anything about his bannermen in the riverlands, either. It would have been hard to make room for it, and they really needed to focus ALL available efforts on Roose to set him up. And you know what? They still didn't do a good job of that. Until this episode, none of my Unsullied friends had any inkling of what Roose's name was. They knew he was one of Robb's guys, and paid him just about no mind. So yeah, I can see why they couldn't afford to build up any of his bannermen aside from Edmure and Brynden Tully; no time, and viewers have a hard time keeping track of this enormous cast of characters. I watched season one before I read the books, and I vaguely remember how hazy my grasp was on the extended cast and their family names, regions, et cetera.I was the same, and I remember I thought Lancel was Loras in the scene where Cersie gets news of Jaime being captrued. Needless to say I was thoroughly confused.
4470	thewalkindude19	2013-06-07	I was watching S1 with commentary and Benioff and Weiss say something like "Dacey Mormont" when the one woman at the King in the North scene laughs. So I guess that was supposed to be Dacey but was never named...Or seen again lol.Maege Mormont was seen a couple of times briefly in season 1, most notably laughing about the Southern god being wrong in the "King in the North" scene.
4471	jugdesh258	2013-06-07	I did not notice even after looking for him possibly on the 4th rewatch after looking at this thread.
It is a good catch...although I think those that have said we will not see him again are correct.  He is and is not Manderly all at the same time.
They use the tapestry of the book to fill a room with background characters so this guy is in the role of a Manderly.   Until he actually is in the story and is cast then it is not official...  I doubt they spend alot of time casting these guys...it is likely someones unemployed brother.  Not like HBO is generous enough to pay a good acter an advance to engage.
Mostly, I think that is why we get to follow Theon's story.  Alfie is Theon in my eyes... would not have wanted him to be re-cast.  They might have to do the same with Osha and rickon so mayhaps we we see the landscape or far off Skaggos
4472	Tone	2013-06-07	It is a good catch...although I think those that have said we will not see him again are correct.  He is and is not Manderly all at the same time.Seems to be a lot of confusion in this thread. Ser Wendel Manderly was slain at the Red Wedding, not Lord Wyman Manderly (ser Wendel's father). We won't see him again cause he was killed. We will see Lord Wyman Manderly hopefully next season.I hope they do a good job making the audience believe Davos is dead. I remember being pretty shocked but at the same time thought if he really killed him off there'd be more to it than just a letter Cersei reads.
					
					
							Edited by Tone, 07 June 2013 - 01:33 PM.
4473	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-08	I was watching S1 with commentary and Benioff and Weiss say something like "Dacey Mormont" when the one woman at the King in the North scene laughs. So I guess that was supposed to be Dacey but was never named...Or seen again lol.Too bad. I liked the Mormont women. Oona could have been Dacey instead of "Talisa", and her presence on a battlefield makes more sense.
4474	The God of Death	2013-05-30	Do you guys think the show will find time to name Jon Snow the heir to winterfell should anything happen to him in the coming episode?
Or does the fact that Talisa is pregnant make it so that this whole scene from the books doesn't make sense in the context of the show?
I hope they get it in as I loved this bit from the books.
But I also fear that since this is coming in Episode 9, Robb's impending fate may be too telegraphed if they show this scene, whereas in the books the scenes really didn't give anything away.
4475	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	They could probably put it in if they wanted to.
Re: the telegraphing the red wedding thing... from all the unsullied reviewers/commentators I've read online leading up to this episode, I can say with some confidence that they are ALREADY worried about Robb, BUT they are worried about him WHEN (heh) he attacks Casterly Rock.  So the will thing probably wouldn't tip them off to the RW, given their already-existing concerns.
4476	Starq	2013-06-02	I'd be very disappointed if he doesn't name an heir and have some sort of messenger travel to Howland Reed. It seems like a significant part in the story and it must play a role later in the books. Howland Reed must play a role too. They've eluded to him in the show too, when Jojen and Bran were talking about his friendship with Ned, and I think Jojen said he cried when Ned died
I think they will kill off Talisa. I also think she's a spy and isn't pregnant. But is tricking Robb in to believing she is pregant. She is doing this in order to ensure he doesn't name a different heir. So that when he dies his lineage will end. However I think the Freys/Lannisters will have Talisa killed off in order to make sure she isn't pregnant, or because they are unaware that she is a spy.
4477	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	On track on the OST is named "The Heir to Winterfell". Who the heir is we don't know, not even Jon knows. It could be Sansa, but that would be too dangerous since Littlefinger would later on have the heir to Winterfell. Something has to happen, or else that whole Stannis on the Wall trying to make Jon lord of Winterfell wouldn't make as much sense.
4478	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	Do you guys think the show will find time to name Jon Snow the heir to winterfell should anything happen to him in the coming episode?I think that ship sailed the moment Talisa told him she was pregnant. We know better, but Robb still believes he's going to marry his uncle to the one army that would help him defeat the Lannisters.In his mind, he can't lose.
4479	teemo	2013-06-02	I think so.  They have to tread lightly though because Robb suddenly naming an heir could cause some suspicion, as you said.  It seems too important to leave out, considering I think there's a very high chance it will be important one day.  I'm interested to see how they do it with a pregnant Talisa though.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 02 June 2013 - 12:23 PM.
4480	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	I think that ship sailed the moment Talisa told him she was pregnant. We know better, but Robb still believes he's going to marry his uncle to the one army that would help him defeat the Lannisters.In his mind, he can't lose.Why has that ship sailed?Robb's concerned about the possibility of his death - but, obvious question, what happens if he dies and Talisa miscarries, or there are complications in childbirth resulting in death?  Under the assumption Bran and Rickon are dead, would then go to Sansa, right?  And he just found out about Sansa's wedding to Tyrion.So a backup plan on Robb's part wouldn't be a bad idea.
4481	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Why has that ship sailed?Robb's concerned about the possibility of his death - but, obvious question, what happens if he dies and Talisa miscarries, or there are complications in childbirth resulting in death?  Under the assumption Bran and Rickon are dead, would then go to Sansa, right?  And he just found out about Sansa's wedding to Tyrion.So a backup plan on Robb's part wouldn't be a bad idea.Yep. Don't forget that Tyrion has just been married to Sansa, and news about that would most likely make Robb name Jon his heir to prevent the Lannisters from getting the North in case everything goes wrong. I think the last point is the most important one, and I don't think it would seem that suspicious at all, since the wedding was in the previous episode, and it would be natural to have Robb's decision as soon as possible.
4482	Juli Cachet	2013-06-02	On track on the OST is named "The Heir to Winterfell". Who the heir is we don't know, not even Jon knows. It could be Sansa, but that would be too dangerous since Littlefinger would later on have the heir to Winterfell. Something has to happen, or else that whole Stannis on the Wall trying to make Jon lord of Winterfell wouldn't make as much sense.Exactly this. I also think this detail is to important to be left out.
4483	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I think so.  They have to tread lightly though because Robb suddenly naming an heir could cause some suspicion, as you said.  It seems too important to leave out, considering I think there's a very high chance it will be important one day.  I'm interested to see how they do it with a pregnant Talisa though.They can't play with the audience expectations at this point, the whole shock of the wedding scene rest on the fact no one expects what's coming.If Robb suddenly names an heir, despite his pregnant wife and this winning arrangement, you basically spell it out something is wrong.It didn't happen on the books because Jayne wasn't pregnant, but it could ruin the episode for Talisa is pregnant.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 12:42 PM.
4484	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	They can't play with the audience expectations at this point, the whole shock of the wedding scene rest on the fact no one expects what's coming.If Robb suddenly names an heir, despite his pregnant wife and this winning arrangement, you basically spell it out something is wrong.It didn't happen on the books because Jayne wasn't pregnant, but it could ruin the episode for Talisa is pregnant.---> Sansa married to Lannisters <---If Robb and his unborn child dies, the Lannisters will win. He must have a backup plan. The god damn wedding was in the previous episode. Having Robb ponder about this alliance in his first scenes after the wedding would not seem that suspicious. All this season the characters have been fencing with each other through plots and alliances. Robb naming his heir would just seem like a strike against the Lannister's plot.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 12:53 PM.
4485	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	Sansa is not pregnant.As far as Robb and Catelyn are concerned, she hasn't even flowered yet so her marriage poses no threat.Nor will it until Talisa's children come of age (if Sansa even has any children by then).
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 01:20 PM.
4486	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Sansa is not pregnant.As far as Robb and Catelyn are concerned, she hasn't even flowered yet so her marriage poses no threat.Nor will it until Talisa's children come of age (if Sansa even has any children by then).What if Tyrion got her pregnant, that would pose a threat. The possibilities are there, and I doubt Robb would just ignore that possible threat. They've made it pretty important in the show that Sansa is the key to the North, and I find it unlikely that Robb is not going to do something.ETA: grammar 'n stuff
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 01:35 PM.
4487	go joff go	2013-06-02	I would be very surprised if it was left out.  That Cat-Talisa scene seemed like a set up for the will scene.  I could see them changing the will scene itself perhaps make Cat accept Jon as an heir, but it would be weird to include some of the scenes they have and then remove the will scene.
4488	Fuse Prime	2013-06-02	I think that ship sailed.  They should have had a meeting when Robb and Cat learned about Bran and Rickon's "fates".
4489	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-02	He probably will be named heir but the scene won't be shown. However, like the books (hopefully) it will be revealed to Jon at some point, coming as a shock to him and the audience.
It will be one of those important things that has happened but wasn't shown, coming as an unexpected surprise. Perhaps, there will be a mystery- Northern Lords keeping a secret and the audience knowing this but not knowing what the secret is until it's revealed to be Jon being heir.
This would be a good plot surprise for the audience as 'The King in the North' would have been out of the picture for awhile but then its revealed the role could be Jon's- who at this point will be a very admirable character, being LC and all.
This is what I think will happen. I can't see the 'naming Jon heir scene' happening in the same episode as the RW, it would be giving too much away and taking away from the tragedy as there will still be hope in the defeat.
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 02 June 2013 - 02:14 PM.
4490	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-02	I think that ship sailed.  They should have had a meeting when Robb and Cat learned about Bran and Rickon's "fates".Unless I missed it, the whole "make them know what it feels to lose what they love" scene hasnt' happened yet and that could be a scene in this episode about they finding out and finally, Robb makes some decisions. To tv audience, the fact that they just found out about the children being dead would be even more shocking when the RW happens as they probably thought they would get their revenge after the alliance with the Freys.On topic, pregnant or not, mostly noble houses have "backups" in case they die. The Lannisters have a lot of cousins, the Starks have three male sons. If Robb and his heir die, the Stark name dies as well, and h e knows it: he needs to name an heir for the good of their name.
4491	Heir to the North	2013-06-02	He probably will be named heir but the scene won't be shown. However, like the books (hopefully) it will be revealed to Jon at some point, coming as a shock to him and the audience.It will be one of those important things that has happened but wasn't shown, coming as an unexpected surprise. Perhaps, there will be a mystery- Northern Lords keeping a secret and the audience knowing this but not knowing what the secret is until it's revealed to be Jon being heir.This would be a good plot surprise for the audience as 'The King in the North' would have been out of the picture for awhile but then its revealed the role could be Jon's- who at this point will be a very admirable character, being LC and all.This is what I think will happen. I can't see the 'naming Jon heir scene' happening in the same episode as the RW, it would be giving too much away and taking away from the tragedy as there will still be hope in the defeat.Up until reading this, I was worried about not getting  a will scene.  I think I would like how that would play out as you described, particularly a time after the audience thinking the North being lost and still reeling from the RW this would be a nice and uplifting surprise, but I still wouldn't mind seeing the scene...lol.
4492	Jon Black	2013-06-02	My guess, Talisa is pregnant and this will make the will obsolete from the show standpoint.   As other's have pointed out, the will would also be a bit to telling for some viewers.
As 'DarkHorse' mentioned, I hope it's something we find out later in the show.  It would be a wonderful surprise.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Black, 02 June 2013 - 02:59 PM.
4493	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	My guess, Talisa is pregnant and this will make the will obsolete from the show standpoint.   As other's have pointed out, the will would also be a bit to telling for some viewers.I just think it would be a huge give away that would ruin the effect of the wedding on the show.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 03:19 PM.
4494	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	They should have had a meeting when Robb and Cat learned about Bran and Rickon's "fates".Good point, if Robb didn't name an heir by then there's no point to name one now his wife is with child.He probably will be named heir but the scene won't be shown. However, like the books (hopefully) it will be revealed to Jon at some point, coming as a shock to him and the audience.It will be one of those important things that has happened but wasn't shown, coming as an unexpected surprise. Perhaps, there will be a mystery- Northern Lords keeping a secret and the audience knowing this but not knowing what the secret is until it's revealed to be Jon being heir.This would be a good plot surprise for the audience as 'The King in the North' would have been out of the picture for awhile but then its revealed the role could be Jon's- who at this point will be a very admirable character, being LC and all.This is what I think will happen. I can't see the 'naming Jon heir scene' happening in the same episode as the RW, it would be giving too much away and taking away from the tragedy as there will still be hope in the defeat.I think this would also be a lovely testament to the love for his brother.Jon never got to say good bye before Robb went to war. The last time they saw each other was as "Snow" and "Stark", it didn't even cross their minds what was about to happen.Knowing that his brother loved him - however posthumous the revelation may be - and that he always considered him a brother in name and blood would mean the world for Snow.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 03:25 PM.
4495	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-02	The way they've handled Robb's storyline so far, we're better off assuming that the show will have Robb do the opposite of everything he's done in the books.  So no, he will not name an heir.
4496	Dysun	2013-06-02	I still think they can name him the heir in the first scene of the episode before they arrive at the Twins. I've always felt it was important so I dont know why they would omit it. The pregnancy doesn't rule it out either, he could just say "Until my heir is born or comes of age"
4497	Mel_Rose	2013-06-02	I think that ship sailed the moment Talisa told him she was pregnant.I agree. Since in the show he is expecting an heir, I don't think it would cross his mind to name another one, even after learning about Sansa's wedding. Robb's children take precedence over Sansa's no matter what - that much is clear. (if you've tried to study the Frey succession line in the appendix you know what i mean- headache!)I'm sure he knows that he might die, but I don't see why he would think Talisa would die. She won't fight in any battles and, even if Robb dies, the babe can still be a king, with his mother as Regent. She is his Queen. Obviously he doesn't see the betrayal coming. Taking into account possible miscarriages/death in childbirth/diseases etc... well, I don't see him naming an heir on the off-chance one of these things happen.I think the Sansa news will be just another example to show how they lost yet another child/sibling (in a different way).Perhaps  they'll find another way to incorporate "Jon named heir to Winterfell" in the show later on - or perhaps it's not as important.
					
					
							Edited by Mel_Rose, 02 June 2013 - 03:43 PM.
4498	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	We must remember that Tyrion and Sansa's wedding happened much earlier in the book => Robb's heir decision also happened earlierWe hadd their marriage in the previous episode => Robb's heir decision will be in this oneHaving a pregnant wife doesn't make Robb invincible, and I believe he knows that. He previously stated in the show that he's won every battle, but he's losing the war. Robb knows he's not winning just because he's the good guy.I'm sure he knows that he might die, but I don't see why he would think Talisa would die. She won't fight in any battles and, even if Robb dies, the babe can still be a king, with his mother as Regent. She is his Queen. Obviously he doesn't see the betrayal coming. Taking into account possible miscarriages/death in childbirth/diseases etc... well, I don't see him naming an heir on the off-chance one of these things happen.Robb hates the Lannisters. I don't believe he'll take the chance, because if he dies and something happens to the child, the Lannisters have won, and by naming Jon the heir Robb makes sure they won't win, even if he and the child dies.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 03:48 PM.
4499	Mel_Rose	2013-06-02	I don't believe he'll take the chance, because if he dies and something happens to the child, the Lannisters have won, and by naming Jon the heir Robb makes sure they won't win, even if he and the child dies.Hm, yes. I see your point.
4500	teemo	2013-06-02	Maybe Cat's monologue will actually be justified here.  I hope not, but what the hell was the point of that thing then?  Perhaps the convo will come up and Cat will suggest Robb name him heir in case Talisa gives birth to a girl and then the line of succession is too confusing or something.  Because you know, Cat should have loved Jon and all and this a way to mend that.  I don't like the idea at all but I think it's possible.  Oh, and while I think they have to tread *very lightly* regarding the heir thing as to not raise red flags, it's not impossible to do.  For one thing, if it happens in the same episode it gives viewers little time to think about it.  And there are ways to bring up an heir somewhat casually to not look suspicious.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 02 June 2013 - 04:09 PM.
4501	Colonel Green	2013-06-02	He probably will be named heir but the scene won't be shown. However, like the books (hopefully) it will be revealed to Jon at some point, coming as a shock to him and the audience.I don't think that would work onscreen.  Revealing that Robb made a really major decision offscreen at some indeterminate point several years after he dies on the show would come across as very contrived.
4502	Katydid	2013-06-02	He probably will be named heir but the scene won't be shown. However, like the books (hopefully) it will be revealed to Jon at some point, coming as a shock to him and the audience.This is what I'm hoping for.  Maybe Robb took his Uncle Blackfish aside off-screen and let him witness as Robb legitimized Jon and then named him heir to Winterfell, until such a time as a son was born to him (Robb.)  There's still a chance that will come up later on in the series.
4503	Zman1863	2013-06-02	I agree with earlier posters that the fact that Robb has an heir on the way doesn't end the need to make contingency plans about his death. Still, I think its a coin toss whether they include any scene where Robb discusses contingencies for his death. 
Robb needs to plan for his heir dying or not being born at all. And he also needs to plan for a regency if his child were to survive. But discussion of a regency adds complications that aren't there in the book. Still, I suppose it wouldn't add too much to a scene to have Robb say "I want Jon to be King in the North if I die childless and regent for my child if me and my mother both die". 
I could also see them completely omitting the scene and using the pregnancy as an excuse for him not to be dwelling on his own death. Maybe it would be seen as too much of a giveaway of what is to come in a few minutes for him to be thinking about morbid scenarios like his unborn child, wife and mother dying. It wouldn't be realistic, but I wouldn't be surprised if they did it that way either.
4504	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I'm looking forwards to seeing how it'll turn out, but I won't be able to watch the episode before 12 hours after it has aired, so I must remember staying away from the internet *grinds teeth like Stannis*. Tomorrow, the wait is all there is.
I believe the whole heir discussion will start with Robb telling Cat Talisa is pregnant.
Good night (or whatever your timezone tells you) everyone.
4505	The Hound's Lady	2013-06-02	Between Talisa's pregnancy, Bran and Rickon possibly still being alive and the danger of telegraphing the RW, I don't think they can show the heir scene this episode.  Unless, they find out about Sansa's marraige and are told that Bran and Rickon are dead.  In that case it would seem more natural to consider the future of the North. 
The really need to tell Catelyn and Robb that the boys are dead this episode anyway, otherwise Catelyn's actions at the end won't make sense.  Yes, it's horrible to see a child die but if she thought that Bran and Rickon were even possibly alive I think she would have allowed herself to be taken alive.  I hate that they are leaving that possibility of them being alive open.  I don't see the point, unless it's to bring it in this episode to pile tragedy on tragedy.
4506	Montey14	2013-06-02	I think he has no choice but to name an heir,  being that he doesn't know if she will have a girl or boy.....also,  what good is it to have an infant heir to winterfell....so he might name Jon anyway especially after learning Sansa was married off to Tyrion
4507	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I'm sure he knows that he might die, but I don't see why he would think Talisa would die. She won't fight in any battles and, even if Robb dies, the babe can still be a king, with his mother as Regent. She is his Queen.This is a good point because Talisa would still be Queen in the North until her son is married, same as Cersei is Queen Regent until Joffrey marries Margaery on the show.Robb already has an heir and a spare in his child and wife.Between Talisa's pregnancy, Bran and Rickon possibly still being alive and the danger of telegraphing the RW, I don't think they can show the heir scene this episode.  It would give away the outcome before it happens, if there is an heir we won't find out until after the wedding methinks.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 02 June 2013 - 06:15 PM.
4508	victim	2013-06-02	I'm guessing he won't name Jon his heir, but he will legitimize him after hearing that Sansa is married to Tyrion, combined with him not knowing what's going on with Arya, Bran and Rickon.
4509	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Hang on, why are people in this thread saying that Robb is only worried about himself dying, and not Talisa?  Is Talisa protected by some magical spell that prevents her from being captured, even though she's very obviously in a war zone in the south at the moment?
Have you people read the books?
Tell me what Tywin Lannister does to the wives and children of the kings/princes he's fighting against.
And everyone in Westeros knows about it.
Then tell me Robb isn't concerned about Talisa and his child.
A will naming Jon his heir would be Robb's ace in the hole if everything goes wrong - it's not the optimal outcome for him, obviously, but with Sansa getting married and everything else going to shit, Robb may very well realize that, if worse comes to worse, naming Jon his heir might be the only thing to keep the North out of Lannister hands.
Heck, you could even work in some Rhaegar exposition - let's say you have a scene where they find out about Sansa's wedding, and Robb, despite being concerned about his own life, goes "oh, don't worry, it's cool, Talisa is preggers."  And then Cat tells him about what happened to Elia and her kids.  At which point Robb goes "hmmmm better make some backup plansies."
But, y'know, with more period-accurate dialogue.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 02 June 2013 - 07:34 PM.
4510	im317	2013-06-02	it will be seen much much later in a flashback memory
4511	King Zee	2013-06-02	so no will.
so much for those people obsessed with Jon Stark. King in the North.
					
					
							Edited by King Zee, 02 June 2013 - 09:26 PM.
4512	Zman1863	2013-06-02	so no will.so much for those people obsessed with Jon Stark. King in the North.I thought it was a coin flip whether they included a scene about Robb's will. They went for simplicity. I don't know if it means anything for theories about Jon in the future per se; they could always introduce some will out of nowhere that was made off stage. I would have taken the theories about the importance of Robb's intentions more seriously if had appeared though. Personally, I've always read it more as a thing to demonstrate Robb's regard for Jon rather than a relevant future plot point. Jon refused Stannis's offer of the north. I can't see him accepting just because Robb offered.
4513	King Zee	2013-06-02	Personally, I've always read it more as a thing to demonstrate Robb's regard for Jon rather than a relevant future plot point. Jon refused Stannis's offer of the north. I can't see him accepting just because Robb offered.oh I agree with you.  as long as one his siblings is alive Jon will never accept Winterfell or the North. I just get annoyed at people obsessed with Jon becoming King .
4514	Nanaki	2013-06-02	I agree too. But Robb's regard for Jon is important to me. I liked the discussion about it between Robb & Catelyn in book.
4515	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-02	Like I said, you can't go wrong betting on ShowRobb being BizzaroRobb. He does everything opposite of what BookRobb does. Robb goes back to retake Winterfell? BizzaroRobb will go for Casterly Rock.  Robb wife is not pregnant but lives?  BizzaroRobb's wife is pregnant but dead. Robb names Jon his heir? BizzaroRobb of course doesn't.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 02 June 2013 - 09:59 PM.
4516	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	I dont get why they left this out? this has to be revealed in some way soon. this is too important (at least for me).
					
					
							Edited by TheGreenBell, 02 June 2013 - 10:23 PM.
4517	Sykez	2013-06-02	Isn't this potentially important since Maege and her group could introduce us to Greywater Watch and Howland Reed
4518	nothatso	2013-06-02	so no will.so much for those people obsessed with Jon Stark. King in the North.Just like Edmure and The Blackfish won't be in the show because they weren't introduced at the same time as they were in the book. Did a Jon Snow fan sleep with your sister or something?
4519	Valyrian Steel Link	2013-06-02	Ultimately though, the will is only important if Bran and Rickon were actually dead. I think the show can gloss over the will/infanticide since the audience knows that the two are still alive. So one or the other can always come back if someone else decides to take Winterfell and declare themselves the true and rightful heir.
4520	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	I dont get why they left this out? this has to be revealed in some way soon. this is too important (at least for me).I assume the writers figured the unsullied would catch on to his impending demise if they included the will.
4521	Aquaman	2013-06-02	I think this means that the door is firmly closed on Jon being named King in the North. Also, Maege Mormont and Lord Mallister probably won't be the ones that introduce us to Howland Reed. That or there's another factor.
4522	nothatso	2013-06-02	I think this means that the door is firmly closed on Jon being named King in the North. Also, Maege Mormont and Lord Mallister probably won't be the ones that introduce us to Howland Reed. That or there's another factor.I think the only thing the door is firmly closed on is the theory that Jeyne is pregnant. The signing of the will is something that could have happened off screen and be referenced in the future by somebody like The Blackfish.
4523	chimere	2013-06-03	They didn't BUT they were pretty heavy handed on Rickon being heir if anything happens to Bran, which they weren't in the books. I'm not sure if we're supposed to read into that though, it could be a red herring.
4524	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-03	Yeah, it definitely put the end to the Jeyne is pregnant or the fake Jeyne speculations, which btw I never bought.  But I think the will can still be retconned in.
4525	Kahl Trollo	2013-06-03	If the will was something terribly important it would have been shown.  Having it 'off screen' and reintroduced later would be incredibly bad storytelling - much like those crap detective stories where on the last page/final scene you get to see the detective find that clue via flashback and voice over that ties everything together - making it utterly impossible for the reader/viewer to do so.
Martin himself worked in T.V. - I don't think he'd agree to something as trite as that.
Personally, I think the whole 'King in the North' and Robbs jurisdiction over anything depended upon having a successful rebellion, and seeing how that never happened (it was literally put to death at the Red Wedding) then anything he wanted, thought, ordered was pretty much moot in the grand scheme of things anyways.  If at a later date in the books the document comes forth and I'm treated to several POV chapters watching laywers, lords, and maesters discussing it's legitimacy, I can at least think to myself 'well thank fuck I won't have to watch this as well'
					
					
							Edited by Kahl Trollo, 03 June 2013 - 12:49 AM.
4526	Lord of Beyond the Wall	2013-06-03	There was not need for a willl because of Talissa pregnancy.
4527	Newstar	2013-06-03	Someone said in the episode thread that D&D said they were aware of the will and would be addressing it at some point. I read a post-episode interview at EW.com with the showrunners and they didn't mention it. So I don't know what to think.
4528	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-03	I was disappointed they didn't include the will, but I suppose I can kind of understand why they wouldn't.  I mean, it would be at least two full seasons before it even becomes relevant to the story.  I'm sure many non-book readers would be very confused as to why Jon wasn't King in the North/even aware of the will after all that time...maybe that's why they decided to cut it (best theory I've got that counters the possibility that D&D simply know GRRM never intends on making Jon King in the North and therefore decided not to bother with his will at all)?Besides, they can let the Great Northern Conspiracy proceed without the will.  Assuming Rickon is still missing, Jon would be the last living son of The Ned that the Northern lords could turn to, so it would still kind of make sense.Or hell, they could dumb things down simplify things even more by cutting the GNC too and still make Jon wind up as king.  Just simply have him defeat the Boltons (thus proving his worth to the North) and then take the crown.  It's a more aggressive action than Jon would normally take, but since this would happen after his resurrection the show can just chalk it up to the after effects of his living as a wolf before being brought back.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 03 June 2013 - 01:29 AM.
4529	Lord Joker Of FunLand	2013-06-03	Someone said in the episode thread that D&D said they were aware of the will and would be addressing it at some point. I read a post-episode interview at EW.com with the showrunners and they didn't mention it. So I don't know what to think.I'm not the only one that found it weird that in the same episode, Bran tells Rickon he'd be the heir of winterfell if anything happened to to himself or Robb.
					
					
							Edited by The French Lion, 03 June 2013 - 01:29 AM.
4530	nothatso	2013-06-03	If the will was something terribly important it would have been shown.  Having it 'off screen' and reintroduced later would be incredibly bad storytelling - much like those crap detective stories where on the last page/final scene you get to see the detective find that clue via flashback and voice over that ties everything together - making it utterly impossible for the reader/viewer to do so.Martin himself worked in T.V. - I don't think he'd agree to something as trite as that.Well I thought them replacing much of the Jon and Qhorin saga with Jon and Ygritte bumbling around in the middle of nowhere for multiple episodes was bad storytelling and detrimental to Jon's character development, but that didn't stop them from doing it. Delaying the introduction of Edmure and Brynden Tully two seasons despite Robb having completely passed by Riverrun came off as a bit awkward, but they still did it. The quality of the storytelling depends on when and how it be presented just as much as whether or not it is at all.
					
					
							Edited by nothatso, 03 June 2013 - 01:39 AM.
4531	shk12344	2013-06-03	Someone said in the episode thread that D&D said they were aware of the will and would be addressing it at some point. I read a post-episode interview at EW.com with the showrunners and they didn't mention it. So I don't know what to think.I think it has more to do with D&D doesn't want to reveal anything about Jon's past or future. They have barely mentioned R+J and ToJ in the show. Having a Will making Jon heir to the Winterfell makes it too obvious what will happen in the future. They want the viewers to remain in the dark and more importantly, want the viewers to think Jon is just another character in the show.
4532	Mikeygigs	2013-06-03	So, they did that whole 3-5 minute scene in the second/third episode with Catelyn talking about how she wronged Jon Snow, and specifically mentioned legitimizing him...and they didn't even do anything with it? :\
Ah well, one episode left, but I doubt it'll pay-off. What a wasted opportunity.
EDIT: 
On a side-note, does anyone think Taleesa's letter has anything to do with Jon? Its a stretch, but Catelyn was telling Taleesa that story about Jon, and since Taleesa was queen, do you think she could have written something along the lines of a will? Just kinda popped out at me. 
Why did Catelyn tell that story to Taleesa? Why now, in Season 3? Is this a slick way to try and trip the viewers up by allowing it to be retconned in the future? 
A long shot, but its possible, right? It would at least give Catelyn's Jon Snow story some relevance.
					
					
							Edited by Mikeygigs, 03 June 2013 - 02:29 AM.
4533	nirolo	2013-06-03	So, they did that whole 3-5 minute scene in the second/third episode with Catelyn talking about how she wronged Jon Snow, and specifically mentioned legitimizing him...and they didn't even do anything with it? :\Ah well, one episode left, but I doubt it'll pay-off. What a wasted opportunity.EDIT:On a side-note, does anyone think Taleesa's letter has anything to do with Jon? Its a stretch, but Catelyn was telling Taleesa that story about Jon, and since Taleesa was queen, do you think she could have written something along the lines of a will? Just kinda popped out at me.Why did Catelyn tell that story to Taleesa? Why now, in Season 3? Is this a slick way to try and trip the viewers up by allowing it to be retconned in the future?A long shot, but its possible, right? It would at least give Catelyn's Jon Snow story some relevance.So Talisa thinks of another man right after she just had sex with her own husband? People really hate her, huh?
4534	GoldenFleece	2013-06-03	I think it has more to do with D&D doesn't want to reveal anything about Jon's past or future. They have barely mentioned R+J and ToJ in the show. Having a Will making Jon heir to the Winterfell makes it too obvious what will happen in the future. They want the viewers to remain in the dark and more importantly, want the viewers to think Jon is just another character in the show.If there is not a will, then Jon is an ursurper as long as the Stark children are all alive though.  Let's just say that Jon is Lyanna's son - this still puts him behind Arya in the succession.I don't think Jon is destined to be Lord of Winterfell, would be totally against his character to do so as long as the Stark children are alive - and I don't think they will all die.
4535	Greiffenstein	2013-06-03	Imo that scene in the books was not about Jon Snow ever becoming King in the North or Lord of Winterfell.
1) On Robb's part it was a political scheme. Since the war wasn't going very well for the Starks and his sister was married to Tyrion, Robb couldn't ignore the possibility of some of his (less loyal) bannermen trying to kill him in order to have a peace with the Lannisters who would inherit the North through Sansa. By naming Jon his heir, Robb simply tried to spoil any such plans by adding an element of uncertainty. Any possible traitor had to consider that Jon Snow might actually desert the Night's Watch, rally the remaining loyal Stark bannermen and hunt down the murderers of his brother. But since that didn't work out for Robb anyway, there was no need to have it in the show.
2) On Catelyn's part it was about reminding the readers how much she despised Jon, something that hadn't been shown for awhile and might be very important later on. Imo Lady Stoneheart will have to sacrifice her own life in order to revive the one person she hated for his entire life: Jon Snow. That's the reason why Thoros of Myr was able to bring back Beric Dondarrion several times until he revived LS. But Catelyn's hatred was displayed earlier that season when she told Talisa about the time when she prayed for Jon's death. So there was no reason to show it again.
3) Why would GRRM give us clues about Jon being the rightful King of Westeros and have him end up as Lord of Winterfell? Isn't that pretty much the only reason for Rickon being in the books and the show?
4536	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	Like I said, you can't go wrong betting on ShowRobb being BizzaroRobb. He does everything opposite of what BookRobb does. Robb goes back to retake Winterfell? BizzaroRobb will go for Casterly Rock.  Robb wife is not pregnant but lives?  BizzaroRobb's wife is pregnant but dead. Robb names Jon his heir? BizzaroRobb of course doesn't.Ahem.I believe you mean Bizzarobb.
4537	Daena the Defiant	2013-06-03	Imo that scene in the books was not about Jon Snow ever becoming King in the North or Lord of Winterfell.1) On Robb's part it was a political scheme. Since the war wasn't going very well for the Starks and his sister was married to Tyrion, Robb couldn't ignore the possibility of some of his (less loyal) bannermen trying to kill him in order to have a peace with the Lannisters who would inherit the North through Sansa. By naming Jon his heir, Robb simply tried to spoil any such plans by adding an element of uncertainty. Any possible traitor had to consider that Jon Snow might actually desert the Night's Watch, rally the remaining loyal Stark bannermen and hunt down the murderers of his brother. But since that didn't work out for Robb anyway, there was no need to have it in the show.2) On Catelyn's part it was about reminding the readers how much she despised Jon, something that hadn't been shown for awhile and might be very important later on. Imo Lady Stoneheart will have to sacrifice her own life in order to revive the one person she hated for his entire life: Jon Snow. That's the reason why Thoros of Myr was able to bring back Beric Dondarrion several times until he revived LS. But Catelyn's hatred was displayed earlier that season when she told Talisa about the time when she prayed for Jon's death. So there was no reason to show it again.Ugh - she doesn't despise Jon, she just doesn't want some other woman's offspring usurping the rights of her own. And he hatred that animates Lady Stoneheart is not for Jon Snow, it's for Walder Frey, as evinced by her masterminding the systematic slaughtering of any Frey she comes across.Way to miss the point of the character.
					
					
							Edited by Daena the Defiant, 03 June 2013 - 08:58 AM.
4538	juanml82	2013-06-03	So Talisa thinks of another man right after she just had sex with her own husband?People really hate her, huh?Oh no. She is thinking about her husband and how he off screen spoke to her about his half brother, and decided to secretly legitimize Jon as a gift for her husband and mother in law.Which may not be seen that way by Robb or Cat if they ever found out, but this is Westeros. People don't usually think things through.I think the lack of a will is a red herring. Jon is still Ned last supposedly living son. Stark loyalists and Bolton haters in the North can rally to him no matter his bastardy. The only stick in the wheel is Rickon, who's not only lampshaded as the heir to the North but also reportedly going to the Last Hearth, not Skagos. So Show!GNC, if any, would rally to Rickon instead of Jon. Or might decide to rally to both, as Jon can lead troops in battle.
4539	Mikeygigs	2013-06-03	So Talisa thinks of another man right after she just had sex with her own husband?People really hate her, huh?I don't hate her, but yeah, I knew I was grasping at straws. I'm just trying to find a meaning for Catelyn's story about Jon Snow. There is no point to it, and it doesn't even set up any characterization since we knew she hated him in Season 1, and they're not ever going to meet again. So, why now, in season 3, does she tell this story to the audience? They haven't seen eachother in (RL time) 2 years, and it was very specific in what Catelyn wanted to do: e.g.- make Jon a Stark, which coincides with the whole Will thingy. Why did the audience need to be reminded of their relationship when it would never be brought up again?It was such a huge let down for that scene not to have any significance, ya know?
4540	Ghost's Shadow	2013-06-03	They might rewind a bit in next episode and there will be a scene?
If the GNC is true, it would be odd to just have the North go to Jon to say he's next in line without showing it. If you show it, people could look for clues over the next seasons to see if something happens, but if nothing is shown, you might not even remember who Robb was in 3 or 4 seasons' time.
And as was said: what's the point in a scene between Cat and Talisa about Jon if there's no consequences? Talisa had nothing to do with Jon. Heck, Jon might not even have known his brother married, book or show?
4541	David Selig	2013-06-03	Talisa can't legitimise anyone. She is a queen consort, not queen regnant, she doesn't have this kind of power.
4542	Gannicus	2013-06-03	This was a revealing episode.
I'm ready to put the Jeyne Westerling pregnancy theory and the northern conspiracy theory to rest.
It's possible the Blackfish could have escaped with the will, but it's odd they wouldn't have talked about it.
4543	Darryk	2013-06-03	So they left it out. 
Question is whether they did so cause they felt it was too much of a giveaway that Robb would die, or because the will isn't as important as we thought.
Could be the former, as even though the RW still shocks in the books despite Robb's will, maybe certain things can be pulled off on the page that can't onscreen.
Really hope it's not cause Robb's will was just some red herring in the books.
4544	nirolo	2013-06-03	I don't hate her, but yeah, I knew I was grasping at straws.I'm just trying to find a meaning for Catelyn's story about Jon Snow. There is no point to it, and it doesn't even set up any characterization since we knew she hated him in Season 1, and they're not ever going to meet again. So, why now, in season 3, does she tell this story to the audience? They haven't seen eachother in (RL time) 2 years, and it was very specific in what Catelyn wanted to do: e.g.- make Jon a Stark, which coincides with the whole Will thingy.Why did the audience need to be reminded of their relationship when it would never be brought up again?It was such a huge let down for that scene not to have any significance, ya know?This is true, and I am actually wondering the same thing as well, since it was such a huge deviation from the books. I actually thought I was one way to make Cat seem more sympathetic in that particular scene. Yes, I am naive.
4545	Stark King in the North	2013-06-03	Its possible the blackfish has a copy of the will which will be revealed in the next episode, something like hes going over it in his mind an shows them talking as a memory or he makes his way back to riverrun and its sitting on the table beside the map and in a later season when under siege he escapes with it, i just find it something really important to miss out on , I was looking forward to seeing cold hands
4546	King Zee	2013-06-03	I have a query.  to my knowledge the will gets mentioned  once in ASOS.        is it ever mentioned again ?
4547	nothatso	2013-06-03	Really hope it's not cause Robb's will was just some red herring in the books.Not sure how you can make that statement with any certainty given that, with two books left, we don't yet know what happened to the people carrying it.
4548	Jambottle Jeebus	2013-06-03	I'm sure that next episode, the remaining Stark supporters will be all like " who do we route for now??"  Then queue the Last will and testament of King Robb , and they'll be all like "Hey lookie here, Robb named his Bastard Bro Jon Snow Heir to Winterfell ! How bout that?!" This way D&D give all the non-readers a lil pick-up at the end of the season /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4549	Tyrion_is_Omar	2013-06-04	My denial Crackpot theory is that, instead of Lady Stoneheart or Purple Weeding, the final scene of the season will be: 
We see that the blackfish escaped from The Twins with other person. This person ask him: where do we go now?
and he answers. To the North, to fulfill the King Robb's will and find his heir, the new king in the north.
That would give to the viewrs some hope, but also would let them wonder. who is Robb's heir.
And we wont see the Blackfish on the next seasons, like Barristan.
And would be similar to the Blackfish escaping from the lannister to an uncertain destination. 
It has to be a reason why he went to the red weeding and survived instead of staying in Riverun. Because, he didn't do it anything important in the road.
4550	DemonKing	2013-06-04	Presumably in the show Robb doesn't feel the need to name an heir as his wife is pregnant so the succession should be obvious.
Not the same case as in the books at all.
4551	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-04	Oddly, it's like showrunners are putting aside anything related Jon being someone else besides Ned's son. My unsullied have no idea about R+J or that Jon has a chance to be Robb's heir (because of the other kids being alive), so, either it will turn out to be non important (I doubt) or everything will be revealed as a big shock with no chance for people to speculate about.
4552	victim	2013-06-04	Oddly, it's like showrunners are putting aside anything related Jon being someone else besides Ned's son. My unsullied have no idea about R+J or that Jon has a chance to be Robb's heir (because of the other kids being alive), so, either it will turn out to be non important (I doubt) or everything will be revealed as a big shock with no chance for people to speculate about.To be fair, most of my Sullied friends don't know about or believe R+L=J either, and when I attempt to explain it, they just brush it off as one of my crazy theories (even though it is no way my theory). I remember reading an interview where D&D, although come to think of it it may have been Brian Cogman, said they needed to be lenient with how they talk about past events. I think they'd rather sprinkle it over the years rather than bang it all out really quickly, which is why we've only ever had passing mentions of Rhaegar and Lyanna.
4553	bent branch	2013-06-04	I have a query.  to my knowledge the will gets mentioned  once in ASOS.		is it ever mentioned again ?No.
4554	DemiNymph	2013-06-04	They are not going to confuse the audience by putting this sub-plot in. It will be kinda irrelevant when Jon Snow becomes the Lord Commander. Might as well not mention it and move on with the story.
4555	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	I don't hate her, but yeah, I knew I was grasping at straws.I'm just trying to find a meaning for Catelyn's story about Jon Snow. There is no point to it, and it doesn't even set up any characterization since we knew she hated him in Season 1, and they're not ever going to meet again. So, why now, in season 3, does she tell this story to the audience? They haven't seen eachother in (RL time) 2 years, and it was very specific in what Catelyn wanted to do: e.g.- make Jon a Stark, which coincides with the whole Will thingy.Why did the audience need to be reminded of their relationship when it would never be brought up again?It was such a huge let down for that scene not to have any significance, ya know?I gotta say im really clinging to this point as well. im a fan of the great northern conspiracy (at least the over all idea of it) and the thought of Robbs will simply being a brushed aside red herring hurts me in my soul /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  but I like the idea that others have already mentioned about there being northmen trying to carry out Robbs will and us not knowing what exactly was written in it
4556	Versiroth	2013-06-04	Since Robb and Cat doesn't know whether Bran and Rickon are alive or not (for the show, it's just said that they're missing), there is no need for Robb to name an heir.
4557	teemo	2013-06-04	Oh, if necessary they'll have a scene of someone finding it.  I don't think they added it in as to not make people "suspicious" or to confuse them.  It's pretty contrived to add it in later, but it's definitely still a possibility that he named an heir.
4558	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Oh, if necessary they'll have a scene of someone finding it.  I don't think they added it in as to not make people "suspicious" or to confuse them.  It's pretty contrived to add it in later, but it's definitely still a possibility that he named an heir.I really don't think this is going to be in the show, but then I never thought it was going to be a big plot point in the books either, because Jon Snow is not going to take over Winterfell while any of his brothers are alive matter what...and then there is the issue of whether he's even a Stark, LOL.
4559	Northbound	2013-06-04	so no will.so much for those people obsessed with Jon Stark. King in the North.Yes there was no will, in the episode. That doesn't mean Robb, didnt write one and that it will be brought up later in the show. He did in the books and it is talked about a good bit. Robb named Jon heir to Winterfell and possible King in the North. Jon will be named heir. Jon is half Targ. Jon is still alive. Those who refuse to acknowledge this, are just fools and clearly have an axe to grind with Jon. Jon will most likely take the Stark name, as Robb wanted. He will accept Robb's last wishes and become Lord of Winterfell and maybe King in the North, UNTIL Rickkon comes of age. Then Jon will step aside. Again, for those that think Jon would not do this.....clearly have not been reading/watching the same series.FYI: I am a Jon fan. I don't want him on a Throne, especially the Iron Throne. In the end, I think Jon will die, in the battle against the Others.
4560	Tyrion_is_Omar	2013-06-04	Since Robb and Cat doesn't know whether Bran and Rickon are alive or not (for the show, it's just said that they're missing), there is no need for Robb to name an heir. In the first scene of this episode, Robb said to Cat: Bran and Rickon  are gone. Cat believed that they were dead since the news of Winterfell, she told her to the Blackfish. They agree not to tell Robb what they believed. But, obviously, Robb believed the same. That doesn mean that Robb wrote the will because there was the baby, but I do find interesting that they showed some episodes ago that Robb believed that Bran and Rickon were alive, and in his last episode he believed that they were dead.
4561	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	Yeah, now that episode 9 has aired, it's a moot point.  But, since I fully expect we'll find Jon is TPTWP ( /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ), that'll also make it a moot point.
4562	nothatso	2013-06-04	Presumably in the show Robb doesn't feel the need to name an heir as his wife is pregnant so the succession should be obvious.Not the same case as in the books at all.That's not really true. Talisa could still die before giving birth, or all of them could die (Robb, Talisa, the child yet to be born). It was a precautionary measure in the books and it would be the same in the show if included, the pregnancy wouldn't necessarily change that.
					
					
							Edited by nothatso, 04 June 2013 - 11:04 AM.
4563	shk12344	2013-06-04	Will isn't really necessary for the show. Producers could simply make it so that......
1) Jon could decide at some point in the future to marshal the Stark loyalists and make himself the King in the North.
or
2) Stark loyalists could take matter into their own hands and declare Jon as King in the North. All they have to do is convince Jon to take the throne.
Either way end game will be the same as it is in the book, which would be to pry Jon away from the Wall and have him become one of the players in ongoing war.
Personally, I think Blackfish will end up in the Wall and will be the one convincing Jon to march south.
4564	Darryk	2013-06-04	It's true there's a number of other ways they could do it. It's just that without the will, they just lose the poignancy of Robb entrusting Jon, his last surviving brother (so he thinks), with his legacy. I think of the Will as more important for character-related reasons then plot-related reasons.
4565	Stark King in the North	2013-06-04	Beware Possible spoiler 
After thinking about it the tv show probably didnt want to show the will yet so it doesnt confuse(as they think names will) the tv viewers when stannis offers him to become jon stark lord of winterfell. After that happens they will unveil the will.
4566	aedalia	2013-06-04	I look at it this way, D&D were told the end so they could cut stuff that wouldn't matter to streamline the show. GRRM may have had plans for the Will when he wrote the book, but clearly they're not going to factor into the end now and that subplot be dead.
4567	Greiffenstein	2013-06-06	Ugh - she doesn't despise Jon, she just doesn't want some other woman's offspring usurping the rights of her own. And he hatred that animates Lady Stoneheart is not for Jon Snow, it's for Walder Frey, as evinced by her masterminding the systematic slaughtering of any Frey she comes across.Way to miss the point of the character.It seem you completely misunderstood my post.All I'm saying is that at one point in the future Lady Stoneheart will have to sacrifice her own life to bring back Jon Snow who obviously dies at the end of ADWD. That would be a perfect twist because she hated him for like 15 years for only one reason: being the one he is (or seems to be). And hatred is all that's left of her. Hatred towards the Lannisters, towards the Freys, towards the Boltons and also towards Jon Snow.What other purpose could the talk between Catelyn and Talisa have had? Why else would the writers have Melisandre informed about Thoros being able to bring back Beric?When Jon Snow dies, Melisandre will bring his body into an ice cell for she knows he is somehow important for the Azor Ahai prophecy and she is not able to bring him back to life herself. Sometime later (maybe in ADOS) it's definitly gonna be LS's task to revive him.
4568	silentwanderer	2013-06-06	They are not going to confuse the audience by putting this sub-plot in. It will be kinda irrelevant when Jon Snow becomes the Lord Commander. Might as well not mention it and move on with the story.Considering Jon hasn't yet warned the Night's Watch that the wildlings are coming  - Not to mention, Sam hasn't told anyone Lord Commander Mormont is dead - I'd say we'll be lucky if we see Mance Rayder's army attack the Wall by the season finale,
4569	David Selig	2013-06-06	What other purpose could the talk between Catelyn and Talisa have had?Showing Catelyn's mental state at the moment. Adding to the backstory of the characters. Making Catelyn more likeable (that's what people say at least, it had the opposite effect on me). Showing off Michelle Fairley's amazing acting skills.
4570	Senor Drogo	2013-06-06	In the show, Catelyn never found out about Sansa" marriage to tyrion right? The only reason Robb went on to write that will was that if anything happened to him, winterfell wouldn't become tyrions.
That kinda bugged me, Why didnt they show Robb and Catelyn finding out about sansa marrying tyrion.
4571	Envie	2013-06-06	In the show, Catelyn never found out about Sansa" marriage to tyrion right? The only reason Robb went on to write that will was that if anything happened to him, winterfell wouldn't become tyrions.That kinda bugged me, Why didnt they show Robb and Catelyn finding out about sansa marrying tyrion.Yes, this bugged me too. Part of Robb's entire motivation for naming Jon Snow his heir was because they found out about Tyrion marrying Sansa and they did not want the North to go to the Lannisters at any cost. They have no idea where Arya is, and assume Bran and Rickon to be dead so that leaves Sansa and Tyrion to take over Winterfell if they don't name another heir. ALL of that has been excluded from the show, apparently. It's a pretty big plot to be dumped. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4572	lyanna_maria	2013-06-07	I don't think Robb's will will have any importance in the books, actually; at least, not a major one. I would have liked to see the scene between Catelyn and his son discussing Jon Snow, but I understand that they excluded it. If the will turned up to be relevant in upcoming books, they can just make someone find it, they can say Robb sent it to Howland Reed before he died, or whatever. They can even say Catelyn and Robb did know about Sansa's marriage, even if there was no scene of them discussing it in the show.
4573	Wunhopkuendo	2013-06-07	I think a big reason to not show the will is to not have anything diminish the impact of the RW. No matter how horrific it was, if in the back of the viewers' minds there is this "that sucks, but Jon was just named heir so everything will be ok", thought then the impact wouldn't be as great. The will can be added at any time or not at all. And for all we really know, Jon may well be forever dead, thus a moot point.
4574	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-07	Yes, this bugged me too. Part of Robb's entire motivation for naming Jon Snow his heir was because they found out about Tyrion marrying Sansa and they did not want the North to go to the Lannisters at any cost. They have no idea where Arya is, and assume Bran and Rickon to be dead so that leaves Sansa and Tyrion to take over Winterfell if they don't name another heir. ALL of that has been excluded from the show, apparently. It's a pretty big plot to be dumped. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />It's like they traded all that, cats uneasiness the whole journey, GW attacking Freys and trying to warn Robb from entering the twins just for a big BOOM in episode 9.
4575	Terminator	2013-06-07	I thought Robb would name his heir in the last episode but it's not happen so I think it will not happen.
4576	Heir to the North	2013-06-07	I think a big reason to not show the will is to not have anything diminish the impact of the RW. No matter how horrific it was, if in the back of the viewers' minds there is this "that sucks, but Jon was just named heir so everything will be ok", thought then the impact wouldn't be as great. The will can be added at any time or not at all. And for all we really know, Jon may well be forever dead, thus a moot point.This.I'm also of the mind that it probably happend "offscreen" to not take away from the impact of the RW.  It would be nice to have it show up later...well just as I'm hoping it will show up in the books lol.
4577	graemeguttmann	2013-06-03	As a book reader, I think what affected me the most about the televised Red Wedding was Queen Talisa's death. I know she wasn't a popular character, especially because of the deviation from Jeyne Westerling, but the little tid bits throughout the season of her and Robb's relationship, as well as the fact that she was pregnant, really got to me. 
Especially the brutality with which she was killed. The repeated stabbing in the stomach was the most graphic image I think I've ever seen on television. 
My question, to other book readers, is what were you most affected by in the televised Red Wedding, as opposed to aSoS' Red Wedding?
4578	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	when the rains of castamere started playing, i started shaking
4579	int11	2013-06-04	My favorite moment is definitely when Rains of Castamere starts playing and Cat looks up at the musicians. Then Lord Bolton's chainmail.
The door closes and Rains of Castamere starts playing ... pure gold.
Talisa being stabbed and the naming of their unborn child also got to me.
4580	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-06-04	Yeah I have to agree with you. Usually I watch every episode for the second time the day after it airs, but I can't atm just because of how powerful that scene was. Perfectly executed though, amazing.
4581	King of the Road	2013-06-04	Talisa really affected me to, it was just so violent. Absolutely perfect for the scene, hats off to the person who thought of that.
Also, the final shot of Grey Wind closing his eyes. So sad.
4582	teemo	2013-06-04	I hate Talisa, but I still don't enjoy seeing any pregnant woman being stabbed like that.  However, Robb and Talisa bugged me right up into the end and I think the cheesiness was an all-time high for right up until the stabbing.  And it was very contrived.  Them talking about baby names literally a few minutes before she was killed and kissing and fondling each other right in front of Walder Frey (how inappropriate, by the way) was incredibly heavy-handed.  It was hard to me to relate to anything past, "wow, the thought of a pregnant woman being stabbed like that is awful."  And it kind of reminded me of a shanking prison shower scene the way she was being stabbed.  It was a little over-the-top.  I don't think it's the most brutal thing I've ever seen on tv (there are a lot of fucked up things in Oz), but it was definitely one of the most graphic in the last few years - maybe?  I haven't seen Spartacus though.
As far as what affected me, it was a pretty tense and powerful scene when Roose had Catelyn look under her sleeves.  I wish he didn't have that weird smile, but that's pretty a minor complaint.  His eyes are scary as hell - I know they aren't like Book Roose's eyes, but he has that Gustavo Fring look in him.  He's great.  I know it makes more sense for it to be someone else like it was in the books (considering that Roose was getting all armored up and ready to stab Robb at that point), but having it be Roose made it quite a bit more frightening.  Also, Arya seeing Grey Wind was a nice addition, although I wish she would have released him.  That damn budget.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 06:25 AM.
4583	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	Talisa being stabbed was pretty horrific! fantastic job on that one I gotta say. also Cat killing Walders wife instead of a mentally challenged grandson was pretty hardcore too coupled with his lack of regard for her life, Arya being so happy just before she realises whats happening, greywind closing his eyes that was pretty messed up, I was rather hurt poor greywind never got to taste son frey flesh ... sad sad...
4584	MarieAntoinette	2013-06-04	I was also affected by Talisa's death, and I did not like her before, it was horrible to watch. And I admit I felt sad when Robb bent over Talisa's corpse. I can't imagine what it would be like to have to see that happening to your pregnant wife.  Watching your loved ones being slaughtered and unable to do anything is probably one of the worst scenarios ever. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
I also loved the scene in which the door is closed and Rains of Castamere start playing, this scene was done really well. I loved the violin version they used during this episode, it was so beautiful and haunting. I'm actually glad that they did not have the bad musicians like in the book.
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 04 June 2013 - 06:49 AM.
4585	Maizel	2013-06-04	Talisa's death was fitting for such a hated character. It's as if the writers knew most of us don't like her all too much.
4586	Darryk	2013-06-04	The sight of her getting stabbed repeatedly in the stomach was unbelievable, made certain it was shocking even for people who've read the books. To actually start the slaughter off with that.
Again, got to hand it to D+D, that's pretty bold television, though I think it may have been too much for a lot of people.
4587	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-06-04	Talisa manner of death shocked me. I figured she would die, but I just always imagined a cut throat or a knife to the heart - her killing was horrible and the look on Robb's face. 
Actually hearing Catelyn's scream as opposed to just imagining really got to me.
4588	Hodors Shlong	2013-06-04	Visually, Talisa was the most disturbing for me--Not just because of the stabbing, but the look on her and Robbs faces as it wqs happening. Say what you will about the Talisa character, but I think Oona Chaplin deserves major props for her performance. 
 But I have to say, the build up was something out of a horror movie. The thud of the doors closing followed by the somber, chilling melody of TRoC was utterly terrifying. Cats suspicious looks, The Hound being refused entry to the feast, and Roose Boltons chain mail/piercing gaze to Cat were all notes that were perfectly struck in the prelude to the carnage.
4589	Maizel	2013-06-04	I liked hte fact that they put some kind of guest right rites in the episode, eating the pieces of bread when Robb first speaks to Walder. 
I hope it gets elaborated upon, for those non-readers,  to realize how big a deal killing a guest under your own roof is.
4590	tea_bird	2013-06-04	when the rains of castamere started playing, i started shakingI was shaking the entire episode (so I'm pretty sure my non-reader boyfriend knew something was up), but then my heart started pounding when The Rains of Castamere started.  Reading what happens in the book didn't even come close to preparing me for actually seeing it.  I was bawling my eyes out the second the crossbows fired.Then Grey Wind.  Oh, poor, poor Grey Wind.
4591	Gendels Children	2013-06-04	I liked hte fact that they put some kind of guest right rites in the episode, eating the pieces of bread when Robb first speaks to Walder.I hope it gets elaborated upon, for those non-readers,  to realize how big a deal killing a guest under your own roof is.yes I loved that too and I also hope non reading people get the chance to understand exactly how bad it as, and how huge of a violation it is to break the protection of guest rights.and again the stabbing right in the baby was pretty terrible, but really greatly done my hat off to D&D on that one, they might screw up some really good stuff for me but THAT was epic in a terrible conflicting and satisfying kind of way
4592	Arya Nymeria Stark	2013-06-04	1.  I feel like when the orchestra started playing and I sat Catelyn's reaction, I knew it had to be "The Rains of Castamere" and I knew the bloodbath wasn't far behind!
2.  I agree that when Jeyne was stabbed in the belly 5x I was in total shock. I even watched it again last night and I still almost couldn't believe what I'd just seen.
3. I remember Arya's POV chapters in the book and I never realized Sandor got her so close to the castle. I always assumed they were further out, like near the outer edge of Rob b's army.
I guess everything came as a shock to me cuz I knew HBO would do a good job with it and that's also what I was afraid of. Aside from not having Catelyn scratch up her face, I'd say they did justice to GRRM's writing. Not a perfect score, but I'd give the RW scene an A.
4593	Mad Queen	2013-06-04	I didn't think the Red Wedding could haven been one-upped and made even more horrifying than it already was, but the show did just that. Watching pregnant Talisa being stabbed in the belly was the worst for me as well, and I disliked her as much as everybody else. I was shaking too by the time the episode was over.
4594	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-06-04	They did a great job of brining the shock and horror from the pages to the screen. The addition of Talisa now makes more sense because it made the RW even worse. You have his pregnant wife being stabbed in the belly right in front of you. The music was great, definitely good choice to have talented musicians instead of hacks like in the book.
4595	~DarkHorse~	2013-06-04	Talisa's death because I didn't know it was going to happen-especially in such a brutal way. I never really liked her character before but now that I know her fate, I feel as if I can appreciate her character more without all the suspicions and theories (Spy, Fake Arya etc.)
I also thought michelle fairley did amazing on portraying Catelyn's suspicion when the Rains of Castamere began playing and the way she looked at Roose Bolton. Her pleading with Robb telling him to leave was heartbreaking and the way Robb said 'mother' was acted greatly, he was like a lost little boy.. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
					
					
							Edited by ~DarkHorse~, 04 June 2013 - 08:02 AM.
4596	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	Talisa being stabbed in the stomach was powerful, brutal and horrific, but for me, the image I found most painful to look at was the blood pouring out of Walder's wife's slitted throat, then topped off by Cat's. It was so sudden, and so creepily understated by comparison to Talisa's fate, and so final. (ok, I appreciate the irony of that statement)It creeped me out in an insidious way in the sense that taking life can be that simple- she looked fine, but then blood started pouring out of that thin cut in her neck...end of. it totally freaked me out.I know they were trying to convey that Cat's life was over in her head anyway, but in the books, her ravings and screaming made her death feel more of a mercy than it did on the show, and my imagination is less visceral too!
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 08:11 AM.
4597	GoodGuyA	2013-06-04	Gotta agree with the Talisa thing. The most horrific part for me was that she might actually live and have to deal with being essentially neutered... Glad that much wasn't the case.
And one can not overlook the great use of the cinematic medium. Double throat slit, then credits... No music. Thought there might be Rains again, but absolutely nothing. That is a powerful use of expectation.
4598	Blaaarg son of Gurn	2013-06-04	And one can not overlook the great use of the cinematic medium. Double throat slit, then credits... No music. Thought there might be Rains again, but absolutely nothing. That is a powerful use of expectation.I too thought they'd play Rains again, but the silence was even better.
4599	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Talisa's death, which I think was realistic in terms of what the Freys would have done.  One extra little "kick" about her death was that there was always that lingering doubt that she perhaps had an ulterior motive, and may have been working with the Lannisters.  So the stabbing was shocking not just because of the brutality, but because of the realization "wow, I guess she really was just a woman who loved Robb".  Almost made me feel guilty about not liking her before.
And just Michelle Fairley's performance of a parent watching the death of her family.  Agonizing.
4600	Birdsong65	2013-06-04	...Robb and Talisa bugged me right up into the end and I think the cheesiness was an all-time high for right up until the stabbing.  And it was very contrived.  Them talking about baby names literally a few minutes before she was killed and kissing and fondling each other....This.Talisa dying didn't bother me at all because it was very OZ-esque, the shanking imagery, and I hadn't felt anything for the character, even after all her screen time.  If I'm honest, my exact thought was, "Finally, thank you."  As a character, the choice to have Talisa overshadow Catelyn was, pretty much, unforgivable, so her death, while meant to be horrifying, was predictable for many reasons, not the least of which was the baby talk, and choice to name any potential heir "Eddard."  Maybe that makes me cold hearted, but she was a waste of time, IMO.Michelle Fairley affected me more than I would have thought possible as a book walker.  Her face at the end just killed me.  Snot-sobbing TBH.  Grey Wind taking his last breath was also terribly effective and disturbing.  But Fairley owned it, pure and simple.  Runner up?  Walder Frey.  Jesus, what a fucking malignancy, and a credit to the actor.  "I'm Mary."  "Fine."  Seriously, laughed out loud.
4601	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	I hate Talisa, but I still don't enjoy seeing any pregnant woman being stabbed like that.  However, Robb and Talisa bugged me right up into the end and I think the cheesiness was an all-time high for right up until the stabbing.  And it was very contrived.  Them talking about baby names literally a few minutes before she was killed and kissing and fondling each other right in front of Walder Frey (how inappropriate, by the way) was incredibly heavy-handed.  It was hard to me to relate to anything past, "wow, the thought of a pregnant woman being stabbed like that is awful."  And it kind of reminded me of a shanking prison shower scene the way she was being stabbed.  It was a little over-the-top.  I don't think it's the most brutal thing I've ever seen on tv (there are a lot of fucked up things in Oz), but it was definitely one of the most graphic in the last few years - maybe?  I haven't seen Spartacus though.Yeah, I hated her right up until the end and wasn't moved by her death and thought the huge focus on her pregnancy smacked of a cheesy soap opera.  Okay I get it, they're in luv, and having a baby, ooh, ah.I also thought Robb wanting to passionately kiss his wife at a wedding designed to mend the rift created because he married her was really stupid...but then TV Robb was kinda stupid that way.
4602	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-04	I liked hte fact that they put some kind of guest right rites in the episode, eating the pieces of bread when Robb first speaks to Walder.I hope it gets elaborated upon, for those non-readers,  to realize how big a deal killing a guest under your own roof is.Pretty certain we're going to hear Bran tell the story of the Rat Cook in the Nightfort. "But he slew a guest beneath his roof and that the Gods cannot forgive," etc etc.
4603	BurningCandle	2013-06-04	Three things:
The slow turn of Cat's head as she hears the song, the realization crossing her face as she realized what was playing.
Lord Bolton's smile when Cat realizes he's wearing armor.
The death of Talisa. My God, I was not really upset by most of it, but wow. Not only did they kill her, they stabbed her in the guts first, like they wanted her to know her baby was dead before she died. So seriously messed up.
4604	juanml82	2013-06-04	Talisa's death was the cheap and effective way they've found to compensate for the less than stellar writing they made up for Robb's arc this season.
It works, of course, but I would have rather have a non pregnant Talisa dying and a better Northern arc including tables flying and glorified extras (as in, bannermen whose faces viewers can recognize) dying
4605	Tony of House Stark	2013-06-04	I knew exactly what was going to happen, and yet my heart was pounding for the entire episode. And I have to admit the Talisa stabbing really got to me, even though i didnt like her.
4606	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-06-04	Catelyn's reaction to the Rains is just brilliant.
4607	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-06-04	Talisa's death was the cheap and effective way they've found to compensate for the less than stellar writing they made up for Robb's arc this season.It works, of course, but I would have rather have a non pregnant Talisa dying and a better Northern arc including tables flying and glorified extras (as in, bannermen whose faces viewers can recognize) dyingbe happy you got a show at all.
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 04 June 2013 - 09:55 AM.
4608	Bambi	2013-06-04	Talissa's death was cheap and horribly effective yeah. My heart rushed before the scene i didn't know what exactly to expect, i didnt expect that.
By the way: what is the forum term used around here to non-book readers? I know there is one but i can't remember, pls help!/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4609	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-04	Talissa's death was cheap and horribly effective yeah. My heart rushed before the scene i didn't know what exactly to expect, i didnt expect that.By the way: what is the forum term used around here to non-book readers? I know there is one but i can't remember, pls help! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Some call them the "Unsullied".  Works, I suppose.
4610	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	I wasn't more effected by much of anything in the TV version - what I envisioned while reading the book was much more large-scale and dramatic, including Cat's dying scene.  But the one thing that the show captured so perfectly that isn't possible via the written word is Catelyn's scream of agony as she witnessed her son being attacked and killed - it was so powerful that I can't find words to adequately describe it.  
Also, the solid line of Freys up in the balcony, all armed with crossbows, like a medieval firing squad was new from the book and very, very powerful.
4611	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-04	Roose Bolton's little smirks toward Cat when Walder Frey was speaking. Absolutely haunting. I'm a little annoyed that all of the Unsullied on Twitter are raging against the Freys and not Roose. Hopefully the scene with him next week inspire some rage.
4612	kephv	2013-06-04	I didn't like her much either, but yes, that stomach stabbing was fucking brutal. Quite sickening to watch really.
4613	Head of The Ned	2013-06-04	My favorite moment is definitely when Rains of Castamere starts playing and Cat looks up at the musicians. Then Lord Bolton's chainmail.The door closes and Rains of Castamere starts playing ... pure gold.Talisa being stabbed and the naming of their unborn child also got to me.All this. So chilling
4614	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-06-04	My heart started thumping as soon as Bolton informed the Starks about his new bride. The look on Cat's face was her first (I think) inkling that something was up. My heart didn't stop thumping  until it was over. Anxiety....from a TV show...that was truly incredible TV and I've read the every book 5 times at least.
4615	JMJ	2013-06-04	I was thinking, "oh shit" when Talisa told Robb she wanted to name the child Eddard if it turned out to be a boy. That was already a bad, bad omen.
4616	jamesrivers	2013-06-04	Also, the final shot of Grey Wind closing his eyes. So sad.This *100. I apparently missed it the first time I watched it but after seeing recaps and reaction videos and seeing that one scene, I just can't take it...
4617	Sofokles	2013-06-04	I hope the aftermath of this event will be treated as it should be in the show. Showing everyone how sacred the guest right is, is very important in my opinion.
Also the line "are u a corbray...or a frey?"  (i dont remember the exact words but it went somehow like this) is a must have.
4618	cybobbie	2013-06-04	As many when they started to play Rains of Castemere and Cat looked towards the musicians, despite the fact that I knew what was coming, it really got to me. However the most shocking moment for me was Talisa stabbing. I didn't care much for the character but the scene was really hard to watch and if D&D aim was to shock even the readers with that scene, they really succeed. I just think that there were no need for her killing to be so cruel and gruesome.
4619	LadyMondragon	2013-06-04	I was having a real anxiety attack during every single scene they Freys were in... Reading the books and knowing it was coming definitely did not prepare me for that at all. I sobbed. 
For me, it was Talisa being stabbed in the belly repeatedly and Grey Wind being shot while penned up... those broke me.
Horrifying. 
I will say that I love the reactions of the Unsullied viewers because they are now feeling the shock we all went through when we read that scene. At the end, my Unsullied sister looked at me and said "I need to watch that again because I'm not sure of what just happened" which is exactly how I felt when I read it. I had to read it a few more times before it sunk in.
4620	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-04	I think it was Grey Wind being unable to fight, being killed in a cage.
And the cello version of The Rains. I can't get it out of my head, in fact.
4621	Lord Halfman	2013-06-04	I am probably the only one, but when I went back and watched again, I was laughing my ass off when Talisa got stabbed. Something about the drive-by prison style shanking just cracked me up.
Whoever plays Walder Frey did a great job. The little looks on his face every time they would cut to him during the massacre were just priceless.
4622	Shit_for_Honour	2013-06-04	Cat's reaction to Rains sent a shiver up my spine.
And i have to say Talisa's death was the most harrowing part of the massacre. It really was brutal.
Hope Michelle Fairley gets some recognition, she was excellent.
I wish Grey Wind had chance to take a few Freys down. Seeing his eyes close was pretty heartbreaking though.
					
					
							Edited by Shit_for_Honour, 04 June 2013 - 01:36 PM.
4623	Versiroth	2013-06-04	I am probably the only one, but when I went back and watched again, I was laughing my ass off when Talisa got stabbed. Something about the drive-by prison style shanking just cracked me up.Whoever plays Walder Frey did a great job. The little looks on his face every time they would cut to him during the massacre were just priceless.Yeah, a women being stabbed in her pregnant stomach was just hilarious.....
4624	The Monkey	2013-06-04	Agreed, Talisa's death was really horrific, and I applaud D&D for having the book readers something to be shocked about too.
4625	Nymeria's pup	2013-06-04	The brutality of Talisa getting stabbed was a shock for me. I expected her throat to be cut, but this was way worse. Robb had to watch her die.
Grey Wind/Arya did me in though. Of all the things I would have liked the show writers to change it would have been that Grey Wind lived. For a few seconds I thought that Arya might let him loose so he could at least wreak havoc before he died, maybe even escape. Instead we see him shot and his eye closing while Arya watched. It is about to make me cry now. It did not help that my dog was hit by a car earlier in the day. He just got a bump and was fine thank the gods, but I was a mess later because I could have lost my sweet guy. 
Michelle Fairley totally rocked it though. Seeing her realize that things are going wrong, watching her slap the bejeezus out of Bolton, and then seeing her fear, desperation, and utter despair was just gut wrenching.
4626	Xydonus	2013-06-04	Cat getting her throat cut affected me the most, as she was a favorite of mine, not so much in the books, more so in the tv now due to the excellent portrayal of the character.
4627	Nymeria's pup	2013-06-04	Oh and with Walder Frey all I could think was "Stupid Filch! I hate him even more now." Actually he was rather amusing during the initial bread/salt introduction, but I still wanted to punch him in the face.
4628	Lord Halfman	2013-06-04	Yeah, a women being stabbed in her pregnant stomach was just hilarious.....Absolutely. Especially when it's on a TV show. Because we all know, they can't put it on TV if it didn't really happen.
4629	The Mountain That Posts	2013-06-04	I hate Talisa, but I still don't enjoy seeing any pregnant woman being stabbed like that.  However, Robb and Talisa bugged me right up into the end and I think the cheesiness was an all-time high for right up until the stabbing.  And it was very contrived.  Them talking about baby names literally a few minutes before she was killed and kissing and fondling each other right in front of Walder Frey (how inappropriate, by the way) was incredibly heavy-handed.  It was hard to me to relate to anything past, "wow, the thought of a pregnant woman being stabbed like that is awful."  And it kind of reminded me of a shanking prison shower scene the way she was being stabbed.  It was a little over-the-top.  I don't think it's the most brutal thing I've ever seen on tv (there are a lot of fucked up things in Oz), but it was definitely one of the most graphic in the last few years - maybe?  I haven't seen Spartacus though.Pretty much everything this.I just feel that the WHOLE episode should've been about Robb/Cat and Arya/Sandor - the fact they did so much other stuff and made everythin Wedding related only about a third of the episode? God damn it HBO, ever hear of a little thing called BUILDUP?Even though I hated it in the show due to the lack of secondary characters, not feeling realistic enough, feeling it was too obvious a trap, etc, etc, etc. I WILL say that I thought Michelle's acting was superb. Between her acting and all the unsullied's reactions to the wedding on Facebook/Twitter/Tumblr, it was worth it.
4630	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Talisa dying had no emotinoal impact on me whatsover, even with the SHES PREGNANT AND GOING TO NAME BABY EDDARD heart string pull thrown in there.
I never saw Talisa as anything but Oona Chaplin acting a poorly conceived character that didn't belong in the series to begin with, she was never able to get the suspension of disbelief level.
4631	teemo	2013-06-04	Pretty much everything this.I just feel that the WHOLE episode should've been about Robb/Cat and Arya/Sandor - the fact they did so much other stuff and made everythin Wedding related only about a third of the episode? God damn it HBO, ever hear of a little thing called BUILDUP?Even though I hated it in the show due to the lack of secondary characters, not feeling realistic enough, feeling it was too obvious a trap, etc, etc, etc. I WILL say that I thought Michelle's acting was superb. Between her acting and all the unsullied's reactions to the wedding on Facebook/Twitter/Tumblr, it was worth it.Agreed.  Some people act like if there was any sense of foreboding than everyone would have seen it coming and there would be no "shock factor" and it would blow, which I think is total BS.  A good television show can be filled with symbolism representing upcoming doom in that very episode without giving away what's going to happen.  Boardwalk Empire, Mad Men, Breaking Bad, and especially The Sopranos are absolute masters of this - building up all of this tension and giving you a feeling of uneasiness while keeping you guessing exactly why you're feeling that way, and then totally blowing your mind in the end.  The Sopranos did it often and very rarely was I able to guess what was coming.  It's obvious D&D was going more for the "shock factor" because they went from OMG YAY WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY NAMED NED LOOK HOW PREGNANT I AM AND HAPPY to OMG WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE like a light switch.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 04:35 PM.
4632	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	Grey Wind's eyes closing. Fucking pricks, killing a chained dog in a firing squad? That was not how it was supposed to go down. The wolf raped half a dozen men before they finished him.
4633	gash	2013-06-04	when the rains of castamere started playing, i started shakingi projectile vomited all over the tv, then fell on the ground and curled up into a little ball rocking back and forth, frothing at the mouth.
4634	Catherine Storm	2013-06-04	I think that scene was just as shocking to readers since we didn't know which direction they'd be taking
her character... The whole, is she a spy, is it real love.. etcetc. 
I have no emotional attachment to Talisa but that moment stuck with me due to the sheer brutality. That, and Robb's silence.
4635	ServantOnIce	2013-06-04	Talisa's death was fitting for such a hated character. It's as if the writers knew most of us don't like her all too much.Talisa and Ros both are gone, and both in graphic ways. I guess D and D knew we didn't like their, "creations" very much.
4636	ServantOnIce	2013-06-04	Talisa dying had no emotinoal impact on me whatsover, even with the SHES PREGNANT AND GOING TO NAME BABY EDDARD heart string pull thrown in there.I never saw Talisa as anything but Oona Chaplin acting a poorly conceived character that didn't belong in the series to begin with, she was never able to get the suspension of disbelief level.I agree with that as well. She added some nudity and a cute face.  But I never felt a real connection to her, I thought her death was over the top but the entire RW was over the top that is why so many folks complained to GRRM about it.
4637	MuchandMore	2013-06-04	This is one of the very few episodes since season one that was actually good.  The ONLY reason I watch the show is to cling to feeble hope that D&D pull their heads out of their asses, and actually follow the STORY instead of rewriting it for no reason. 
I cannot believe that knowing what was going to happen did not ruin watching this episode at all.  Clearly....whatever her name is.....the queen in the norths death was WAY over the top.  And Roose Boltons reactions in the episode weren't all that convincing.  The rest was excellent.  Just like the rest of you, when Cat looks at the musicians playing the ROC, I got chills. 
I can't help but hum the Rains everywhere I go.  I want to make the instrumental from the end of one of the ealier episodes my ringtone. 
And am I the only one who is incredibly annoyed that D&D put Dhario in the Second Sons, and not the Storm Crows?  Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't Tyrian join the SS in ADWD?  After Brown Ben betrays Danny?  How the hell are they gonna fix that in the show?  Have Dhario betray Danny instead? 
Forgive my spelling of names.....Roy reads them to me, so I don't see them in print
4638	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	This is one of the very few episodes since season one that was actually good.  The ONLY reason I watch the show is to cling to feeble hope that D&D pull their heads out of their asses, and actually follow the STORY instead of rewriting it for no reason.I cannot believe that knowing what was going to happen did not ruin watching this episode at all.  Clearly....whatever her name is.....the queen in the norths death was WAY over the top.  And Roose Boltons reactions in the episode weren't all that convincing.  The rest was excellent.  Just like the rest of you, when Cat looks at the musicians playing the ROC, I got chills.I can't help but hum the Rains everywhere I go.  I want to make the instrumental from the end of one of the ealier episodes my ringtone.And am I the only one who is incredibly annoyed that D&D put Dhario in the Second Sons, and not the Storm Crows?  Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't Tyrian join the SS in ADWD?  After Brown Ben betrays Danny?  How the hell are they gonna fix that in the show?  Have Dhario betray Danny instead?Forgive my spelling of names.....Roy reads them to me, so I don't see them in printI agree.  I have by my count two good episodes and two okay episodes and the rest are full of random crackpot inventions by D&D, with a few good segments thrown in, I continue to watch because their casting is still really good, though not as good as it was in 1 & 2, and because its still GOT, but after this season my expectations are now fairly low.Danys story has veered now into Tarantino ninja warrior territory in terms of realism, so I don't even bother with those details anymore, just watching those segments for the spectacle of it.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 04 June 2013 - 09:00 PM.
4639	Fragile Bird	2013-06-04	I think D & D did not do the entire episode on the RW only, like Blackwater, because it would have been even more of an emotional overload that it already was. 
After I read the scene in the book, I thought about what an evil shit Frey was.  But he was even more evil a character, something I did not think possible, in this episode.  The humiliation of Talisa, whether or not you liked her, the looks and leers, the arrogance, the utter dishonesty going on, but worst of all, using the phrase he needed to give his daughter a wedding gift the signal to whatever son it was to stab Talisa in the belly literally made me feel nauseous.  That has got to go down as one of the most powerful murder scenes ever shown on tv. 
I commented in the spoiler thread on the episode as it was ending that the silence over the credits was so powerful.  It reminded me of coming to the end of the chapter in the book, and the silence I felt in my heart.
4640	teemo	2013-06-04	Honestly, I probably would have felt at least a little affected by Talisa's death if they took out all of the baby talk and kissing and shit literally minutes before she was stabbed.  Too on the nose.I commented in the spoiler thread on the episode as it was ending that the silence over the credits was so powerful.  It reminded me of coming to the end of the chapter in the book, and the silence I felt in my heart.The silence was a great choice.  Just like the end of the chapter in ASOS, Cat's story came to a silent and haunting end.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 09:29 PM.
4641	Raksha the Demon	2013-06-04	Talisa really affected me to, it was just so violent. Absolutely perfect for the scene, hats off to the person who thought of that.Also, the final shot of Grey Wind closing his eyes. So sad.I thought Grey Wind out-acted Robb in terms of emotion and pathos in a death scene...Hated to see the wolf killed, not to mention a gazillion Stark retainers, and Catelyn; all because Robb was an idiot and Frey a slimeball and Bolton a traitor. The North will Remember!   I just hope that one day I'll be able to read or watch on TV a scene of Nymeria tearing out Walder Frey's throat.  That would be nice.
4642	Lady Arwen	2013-06-05	Grey Wind whimpering sadly just before his eyes closed wrecked me.I was hoping for at least a howl or two being audible from the feast to let Catelyn know that Grey Wind was agitated before the slaughter started (you know, to add to the sense of impending doom), and/or some shots of Grey Wind mauling a few Freys before he gets killed. Poor pup. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
4643	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-05	Some call them the "Unsullied".  Works, I suppose.Guess we should start calling book readers "wizards".
4644	mankytoes	2013-06-05	Yeah, I hated her right up until the end and wasn't moved by her death and thought the huge focus on her pregnancy smacked of a cheesy soap opera.  Okay I get it, they're in luv, and having a baby, ooh, ah.I also thought Robb wanting to passionately kiss his wife at a wedding designed to mend the rift created because he married her was really stupid...but then TV Robb was kinda stupid that way.It isn't like they gave the story a huge amount of screen time. It's a realistic story, kings do care about wives and children. 2D characters who fight all the time would be dull.Yeah, it was like he found his pregnant wife talking about naming his unborn baby after his dead father somehow emotional.
4645	Bambi	2013-06-05	Guess we should start calling book readers "wizards".I think book readers should be the unsullied and non-book readers should be second sons /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4646	starki	2013-06-05	I may be a reader but personally I was nervous the whole episode, the Rains of Castamere playing and superb acting from Catelyn, the begging and screams were heart-wrenching (absolutely did NOT expect the belly/baby stabbing). The only thing I maybe missed was Catelyn clawing her face and going insane in the end.
I stood out of my chair when the stabbing began and was teary-eyed in the end.
					
					
							Edited by starki, 05 June 2013 - 02:45 PM.
4647	Antonious Stark	2013-06-05	Talisa's death hit me the hardest, like I literally gasped and shouted when she was stabbed. I mean of course I knew Cat and Robb were going to die, and for some strange reason I had a tiny shred of hope Talisa would've escaped with the Blackfish. The whole Jeyne being pregnant and escaping Riverrun theory went completely down the drain... *sigh* /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4648	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-05	Talisa's death hit me the hardest, like I literally gasped and shouted when she was stabbed. I mean of course I knew Cat and Robb were going to die, and for some strange reason I had a tiny shred of hope Talisa would've escaped with the Blackfish. The whole Jeyne being pregnant and escaping Riverrun theory went completely down the drain... *sigh* /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I'm not surprised. The minute we heard she was pregnant I figured she was as good as dead. Good riddance to a horrible character. I could have done without the belly stabbing though. Slitting her throat or stabbed in the heart would have been better and made me feel not as sick from watching that. I literally cringed and turned my head away the first time watching it even though I hated her character.
4649	Masamune	2013-06-05	Honestly, I probably would have felt at least a little affected by Talisa's death if they took out all of the baby talk and kissing and shit literally minutes before she was stabbed.  Too on the nose.Exactly. All the "Little Ned" tripe was such shameless emotional manipulation. When it came to the RW, D&D decided to hang their hat entirely on RobbxTalisa, even if it meant demoting Catelyn to extra for much of S3 and scrapping all the supporting Stark bannermen. Worked for most sheeple, I guess, but I haven't been invested in Robb or his cookie-cutter romance since it first started.
4650	Warrior Queen	2013-06-05	I love the way Cat looked when she heard the Rains of Castamere. She immediately knew something was really wrong. Michelle did a great job with the facial expression. 
The Talissa stabbing was cruel and very graphic. I was kinda prepared for it tho because someone on the forum predicted it (not that I believed it then) so it didn't come as a total shock. 
I think they did a great job with the red wedding! The only thing I kinda missed was the whole Arya axe in the head. In the book I seriously considered she might be dead as well (i went through the book to see if she had any more chapters, only to be relieved she did). It would be kinda nice if the TV-show only viewers thought Arya was dead as well and to find out next week- to their relieve- that she is alive.
4651	Zman1863	2013-06-05	It wasn't easy to watch, but I see the belly stab as a good creative choice. I found it completely consistent with what the Frey's would have done had a pregnant wife of Robb been present. The RW was a golden opportunity for D&D to get rid of Talissa and tie up a loose end. They might as well have done it in a way to bring fresh horror to the event for book readers. Exactly. All the "Little Ned" tripe was such shameless emotional manipulation. When it came to the RW, D&D decided to hang their hat entirely on RobbxTalisa, even if it meant demoting Catelyn to extra for much of S3 and scrapping all the supporting Stark bannermen. Worked for most sheeple, I guess, but I haven't been invested in Robb or his cookie-cutter romance since it first started.I've never been satisfied with how they portrayed Robb's marriage or his storyline in general, but I think most of the blame goes to having an aged up character. If Robb lost the war when he married "her", whichever one you pick, D&D lost any chance of a truly effective portrayal of Robb the minute they chose to make Robb a fully grown man. His book story wouldn't have translated with an older character. Their solution was never elegant, but I didn't really have problem with the end game. At least its over.
4652	mitzi's hiss	2013-06-06	Guess we should start calling book readers "wizards".I love this idea!  I find myself resenting Samwell and Gilly for taking up precious minutes on the show that could be spent on characters I like better...... but I would totally forgive them both if "wizard" really took off as a synonym for book reader.
4653	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-06	.... but I would totally forgive them both if "wizard" really took off as a synonym for book reader.so let's make it official!non-readers = Unsulliedreaders = wizardsI love the way Cat looked when she heard the Rains of Castamere. She immediately knew something was really wrong.too bad Robb didn't! you're at your uncle's wedding, they start playing your worst enemy's song, and you don't even notice that... I would at least be really pissed off! and didn't his maester teach him what this song is about?
					
					
							Edited by Aerys Blackfyre, 06 June 2013 - 06:01 AM.
4654	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-06-06	I think Talisa's death during the Red Wedding justified her existence in the story. I didn't care for her much, but then again, I didn't really care for Jeyne Westerling either and wished GRRM thought of a better character for Robb to have fallen so head over heels for that he would risk everything to be with. 
Anyway, the payoff resulted in having that brutal pregnancy stabbing because it just added to overall horror of the massacre, IMO. I thought the whole thing was brilliant but I just wish the producers could have spent a little more time establishing Robb's bannermen so the audience could understand just how detrimental the massacre was. Half of the noble lords of the North and the Riverlands were extinguished in one fell swoop.
4655	Spotted Cat	2013-06-06	talisa being pregnant could have ruined the whole story line... 
and the rains of castamere , fitting.
4656	gmavridis	2013-06-06	when the rains of castamere started playing, i started shakingMe too...Also the silent end credits were emotionally strong
4657	gmavridis	2013-06-06	Talisa manner of death shocked me. I figured she would die, but I just always imagined a cut throat or a knife to the heart - her killing was horrible and the look on Robb's face.Actually hearing Catelyn's scream as opposed to just imagining really got to me.I Agree.. I was waiting for Talisa to die but not in that brutal way. As GRRM said in an interview they took it to 11....
4658	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-06-06	As I watched, I could understand the emotions and huge shock felt from a show-fans perspective; it felt more 'final' and abrupt than the book chapter, which was built upon existing suspense (Grey Wind, comments by WF), strange omissions and poor quality entertainment. Robb and Talisa discussing baby names, the doors being shut and the 'Rains..' beginning helped build up a small amount of suspense before things went south but, naturally, they didn't stick to the book and overdo the suspense (which on re-reads I feel GRRM relied on too much before the killing starts).Don't get me wrong, I adore that chapter, it's easily my favourite chapter in the series just because of it's pure emotional and visceral power being displayed from an already emotionally drained individual's perspective. Benweiss decided to play the 'shock horror' card and up the ante of the killing, particularly Talisa which very deeply shocked me. The focus on a rapid shift from happy ceremony to brutal carnage was magnificent on the watch and, in hindsight now, even better. I truly would not like to see the TV wedding ever again, as at least while reading I can choose not to focus on visualising it in my mind without compromising on understanding what's happening.'Baelor' I first watched when I knew very little about the series and that really shocked me to the core, despite the fact Ned was played by Sean Bean and couldn't see how he could end up surviving once LF betrayed him. The RW, I imagine, was ten times as worse as that, seeing it was the destruction of an entire legacy and not just one major, but overtly doomed, person. But as a book reader I couldn't find any shock apart from Talisa's death, which I don't think any of us ASOIAF fans saw coming in that horrible manner.
4659	maelthedruid	2013-06-06	Catelyn's silence between slitting Lord Walder's wife's throat and her own death was absolutely haunting.
4660	Senor Drogo	2013-06-06	Grey winds death hit me the hardest, what the eff.
Forgot to add this, Ned Stark died twice.....
					
					
							Edited by Senor Drogo, 06 June 2013 - 10:14 AM.
4661	Envie	2013-06-06	It's taken me a couple of days to really process how I felt about the scene. After the initial shock was over and I actually went back and re-read the scene in the book, I think I understand both sides of the coin better - from the television creator's perspective as well as the devoted book reader's.
However, my end opinion is that I felt they really over-did the Talisa stuff. Sure, book fans objected to her entirely because she was a made up character that wasn't at all like Jeyne Westerling in the books - but she essentially followed the same story plot and was the same reason (love) that Robb made the fatal error he made. I tolerated it. 
But having them be that over the top affectionate, with the baby naming dialogue, minutes before she's to be stabbed repeatedly in the belly just seemed too much, even for viewers who never read the books and possibly cared about her anyways. 
My chief complaint about it is that it makes Robb look even more stupid than he was in the books. At least in the books you got the idea he was a smart young man, just inexperienced and made a mistake by allowing young love to override better judgement. In the show, he seems over-emotional and continually making stupid impulsive moves. One example is that after knowing it was stupid to bring her in the first place, he nearly draws his sword right there in Frey's court while Walder was leering and insulting his wife. What did he expect would happen if Cat hadn't stopped him? That was just utterly dumb. Then, fondling her belly and kissing her publicly, even after she said no don't do that, was also dumb... why did they feel the need to take his stupidity over the top? Robb Stark wasn't that ridiculous in the books and it lessens the character even though show viewers seem to love Robb far more than book readers do.
I do realize they chose to have Talisa/Jeyne there for dramatic purposes now, and as a show creator, I'm sure that was done entirely for the non-book readers benefit. It worked and was utterly devastating but for me, it lessened the already gruesome ending for both Robb and his Mother Catelyn by some degree. All anyone can talk about is how Talisa was brutally stabbed over and over in her baby belly. It's as if gross horror effects overruled the despicable way the rest of the Starks had to die. I'm not cool with that.
4662	MotherofChickens	2013-06-06	I thought the episode was good on the whole-I cried at any rate. I don't like what they did to Robb's character in the series, especially the latest series and I wish that more weight had been given to the loss of his bannermen and the consequences of that as well. My other half hasn't read the books and thinks Robb is an idiot. The actors that played Lord Frey, Bolton and Catelyn were all superb. Arya and the Hound were also awesome I didn't much care for Talisa but I didn't hate the character (although a shame that the Westerling subplot is not in it but realise they have to trim for TV) and agree her murder was awful.
I haven't watched it again yet, couldn't face it the next night and we had a power cut last night!Am sure there's alot I missed.
4663	Lady Ivy	2013-06-06	My chief complaint about it is that it makes Robb look even more stupid than he was in the books. At least in the books you got the idea he was a smart young man, just inexperienced and made a mistake by allowing young love to override better judgement. In the show, he seems over-emotional and continually making stupid impulsive moves. [...] Robb Stark wasn't that ridiculous in the books and it lessens the character even though show viewers seem to love Robb far more than book readers do.Oh, this is brilliant. I hadn't been able to pinpoint what was wrong with this, but this is exactly it.I must admit I hadn't noticed that Robb's wife was a different character until my friend pointed it out. I had read the book a while ago and just once. The story was basically the same, met her in the battlefield, fell in love, broke a promise to another Lord for it. But yes, book Robb is smart. Book Robb was a great leader, took after his father, did the right/honorable things that had to be done, slayed a liege lord by himself, won every battle even though he was very young. And he left his wife behind not to insult the Freys and to try to patch things up.Movie Robb was not as... tactical. That's the word I am looking for. The good thing with this Talisa/baby murder is that we can stop wondering if we will see Ned/Roberta as the future King/Queen of the North.
4664	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	All anyone can talk about is how Talisa was brutally stabbed over and over in her baby belly. It's as if gross horror effects overruled the despicable way the rest of the Starks had to die. I'm not cool with that.This. I hate this. Now even, some, people who hated her like her now and feel sorry for her all because she got stabbed and died brutally. Sorry it didn't work for me. Sure it was a horrible death but I still despise the character. But it's annoying people are now going to like her all because they made the death over the top and almost comical.
4665	Envie	2013-06-06	This. I hate this. Now even, some, people who hated her like her now and feel sorry for her all because she got stabbed and died brutally. Sorry it didn't work for me. Sure it was a horrible death but I still despise the character. But it's annoying people are now going to like her all because they made the death over the top and almost comical.Well I don't hate the character even though I wish they'd have stuck with the original Jeyne Westerling from the books. What I hate is how the choice to have her brutally stabbed in the gut repeatedly has upstaged the real tragedy that was in the books. Was it not enough that the Starks were betrayed and horrifically murdered during the one time they should have been safe and happy? The evil way they were betrayed, while helplessly trapped inside the wedding hall, was really tragic. I just think having Talisa stabbed repeatedly like a horror flick took away from the rest, even with Michelle Fairley's amazing performance at the end. I really wish they'd left Talisa out.
4666	Mammothsbane	2013-06-06	Talisa's old-school abortion was brutal.
It didn't diminish Robb/Cat's deaths for me though.
4667	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	Well I don't hate the character even though I wish they'd have stuck with the original Jeyne Westerling from the books. What I hate is how the choice to have her brutally stabbed in the gut repeatedly has upstaged the real tragedy that was in the books. Was it not enough that the Starks were betrayed and horrifically murdered during the one time they should have been safe and happy? The evil way they were betrayed, while helplessly trapped inside the wedding hall, was really tragic. I just think having Talisa stabbed repeatedly like a horror flick took away from the rest, even with Michelle Fairley's amazing performance at the end. I really wish they'd left Talisa out.Yeah I don't like that they had to do it so over the top. Plus it didn't help Oona acted so over the top as well, IMO. But I have to disagree about leaving her out. I'm glad she's dead because quite honestly I can't see what they would have done with the character beyond the RW. Unless Jeyne was really pregnant than Talisa really wasn't of anymore use unless they planned to really deviate from the story and have her go to Volantis or Volantis getting involved with the north.
4668	HouseHarrison	2013-06-06	Talisa's death was fitting for such a hated character. It's as if the writers knew most of us don't like her all too much.I really doubt this was their motivation. Robb was a fan favorite and still is, and yet he gets his corpse mutilated and made into a joke.
4669	Winter In My Heart	2013-06-06	I really doubt this was their motivation. Robb was a fan favorite and still is, and yet he gets his corpse mutilated and made into a joke.Robb is a book character and destined to die. Jeyne didn't die in the books so they didn't necessarily have to kill Talisa. I doubt though they killed her that way because they knew (if they knew) so many hated her.  If that was the case than anyway she died would have sufficed, at least for me. But yeah they didn't have to kill Talisa but they did, I think that does speak some volumes of either her not being important and/or they knew she was well disliked and saw that as a good out for her.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 06 June 2013 - 07:14 PM.
4670	Roose Seal	2013-06-06	What bugged me the most is that in the books, Robb is the ultimate underdog, he's a young, inexperienced warlord who still wins every battle, you can't help but root for him, even when he does the grave mistake of falling for the wrong women and in a moment of pure grief, lets himself go. Yes he broke his oath, but given the circumstances, who wouldn't have? It was a character you could relate to, you understood where he came from and the fact that you saw him through Cat's eyes made him all the more endearing and therefore, in the end, tragic.
In the show, he is a cocky idiot who gets involved in a cheesy-ass (and completely unrealistic) love story, dismisses his bannermen constantly, ignores his mother, doesn't really have a good excuse for breaking his oath and shows no regard for common courtesy. After breaking his oath, he not only brings his wife to the wedding that was supposed to be his but has the gall to kiss her right in the middle of the room, in front of the lord he slighted. The show made me feel like the little fucker completely had it coming.
Seeing how they handled that storyline up to ep9, it seems like they knew there was no way they could make that scene into the incredibly emotional and gut-wrenching scene it was in the books so they decided to go for shock value instead.
Yes, a pregnant woman getting repeatedly stabbed in the stomach is shocking. As a matter of fact, it's shocking as fuck; once the shock has passed however, if it happens to a character you really don't give a shit about, you move on pretty fast.
To me it just looked like a cheap emotional stunt designed to get people talking. Clearly, it worked, but I don't think people will still talk about it in 10 years the way people still talk about the SoS chapter.
4671	teemo	2013-06-06	What bugged me the most is that in the books, Robb is the ultimate underdog, he's a young, inexperienced warlord who still wins every battle, you can't help but root for him, even when he does the grave mistake of falling for the wrong women and in a moment of pure grief, lets himself go. Yes he broke his oath, but given the circumstances, who wouldn't have? It was a character you could relate to, you understood where he came from and the fact that you saw him through Cat's eyes made him all the more endearing and therefore, in the end, tragic.In the show, he is a cocky idiot who gets involved in a cheesy-ass (and completely unrealistic) love story, dismisses his bannermen constantly, ignores his mother, doesn't really have a good excuse for breaking his oath and shows no regard for common courtesy. After breaking his oath, he not only brings his wife to the wedding that was supposed to be his but has the gall to kiss her right in the middle of the room, in front of the lord he slighted. The show made me feel like the little fucker completely had it coming.Seeing how they handled that storyline up to ep9, it seems like they knew there was no way they could make that scene into the incredibly emotional and gut-wrenching scene it was in the books so they decided to go for shock value instead.Yes, a pregnant woman getting repeatedly stabbed in the stomach is shocking. As a matter of fact, it's shocking as fuck; once the shock has passed however, if it happens to a character you really don't give a shit about, you move on pretty fast.To me it just looked like a cheap emotional stunt designed to get people talking. Clearly, it worked, but I don't think people will still talk about it in 10 years the way people still talk about the SoS chapter.I agree with everything you wrote here.  Wish there was a like button.
4672	Mammothsbane	2013-06-06	What bugged me the most is that in the books, Robb is the ultimate underdog, he's a young, inexperienced warlord who still wins every battle, you can't help but root for him, even when he does the grave mistake of falling for the wrong women and in a moment of pure grief, lets himself go. Yes he broke his oath, but given the circumstances, who wouldn't have? It was a character you could relate to, you understood where he came from and the fact that you saw him through Cat's eyes made him all the more endearing and therefore, in the end, tragic.In the show, he is a cocky idiot who gets involved in a cheesy-ass (and completely unrealistic) love story, dismisses his bannermen constantly, ignores his mother, doesn't really have a good excuse for breaking his oath and shows no regard for common courtesy. After breaking his oath, he not only brings his wife to the wedding that was supposed to be his but has the gall to kiss her right in the middle of the room, in front of the lord he slighted. The show made me feel like the little fucker completely had it coming.Seeing how they handled that storyline up to ep9, it seems like they knew there was no way they could make that scene into the incredibly emotional and gut-wrenching scene it was in the books so they decided to go for shock value instead.Yes, a pregnant woman getting repeatedly stabbed in the stomach is shocking. As a matter of fact, it's shocking as fuck; once the shock has passed however, if it happens to a character you really don't give a shit about, you move on pretty fast.To me it just looked like a cheap emotional stunt designed to get people talking. Clearly, it worked, but I don't think people will still talk about it in 10 years the way people still talk about the SoS chapter.Agreed. It seems like the showrunners wanted to go for a "shock" moment versus the "dread/anticipation" of the book. The feeling that something wasn't "right" about the wedding was completely ignored. Instead, everything was happy-go-lucky until the Frey ninjas started jumping in, slashing throats, and jumping out. Talisa's death was brutal to watch, but it didn't redeem the terrible character arc she put Robb through.
4673	Teardrops	2013-06-07	What bugged me the most is that in the books, Robb is the ultimate underdog, he's a young, inexperienced warlord who still wins every battle, you can't help but root for him, even when he does the grave mistake of falling for the wrong women and in a moment of pure grief, lets himself go. Yes he broke his oath, but given the circumstances, who wouldn't have? It was a character you could relate to, you understood where he came from and the fact that you saw him through Cat's eyes made him all the more endearing and therefore, in the end, tragic.You know, I keep reading this kind of comments and I really can't understand how people see so much difference between show!Robb and book!Robb since they pratically are the same character and do the same mistakes in the +/- same way.In the show, he is a cocky idiot who gets involved in a cheesy-ass (and completely unrealistic) love story,Book!Robb gets involved in a cheesy-ass love story ..off-screen ( he fell in love - yep-  with the daughter of one of the men of his enemy that, for some inexplicable reason, can spend time with the King alone and married her without permission of their families.  )dismisses his bannermen constantly,When and where did show!Robb 'dismiss' his bannermen? The rare times we saw him with them he let them talk freely, he listened to them, and try to be just to them whereas book!Robb actually 'dismissed' Lord Karstark refusing to do anything to acknowledge his mother's actions for what they were and doing something -at least symbolically- to placate his bannerman just because he wanted to use Cat's mistake to justify his own.ignores his mother,Book!Robb ignores his mother too. He is actually annoyed by her presence.doesn't really have a good excuse for breaking his oathBook!Robb excuse was "I choose to break my oath to protect the honor of a girl who chose to sleep with me- even though I can help her in many other ways" this is hardly a good excuse.and shows no regard for common courtesy. After breaking his oath, he not only brings his wife to the wedding that was supposed to be his but has the gall to kiss her right in the middle of the room, in front of the lord he slighted.Show!Robb has no regard of common courtesy because at the end of the night, when everything seemed settled he dared to relax and, after talking about his baby, he got emotional and kissed his wife?Book!Robb wanted to bring Jeyne at the Twins but Cat convinced him not to because she didn't trust him to keep his control but Cat also admits that the absence of the Queen at the marriage was another kind of insult.The show made me feel like the little fucker completely had it coming.really? No matter how 'stupid and idiotic' he was, no one deserve that.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 07 June 2013 - 09:17 AM.
4674	Ugly Little Girl	2013-06-07	Agreed. It seems like the showrunners wanted to go for a "shock" moment versus the "dread/anticipation" of the book. The feeling that something wasn't "right" about the wedding was completely ignored. Instead, everything was happy-go-lucky until the Frey ninjas started jumping in, slashing throats, and jumping out. Talisa's death was brutal to watch, but it didn't redeem the terrible character arc she put Robb through.Having read an awful lot of online reaction and watched the episode with some unsullied I have to disagree that the 'dread/anticipation' was ignored. The people I watched with (and many online reviews I've read) felt a sense of disquiet and predicted early in the episode that something was off with the wedding - long before the doors shut. I'm not sure I would describe Walder's reception of the Starks, his lecherous behaviour towards Tallisa and other insults as 'happy-go-lucky' /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4675	BurningCandle	2013-06-07	Honestly, I think show Rob and book Rob are really not very different. The only thing I can think of as an immediate difference is that there is no mention of Rob marrying Talisa because he "dishonored" her, both of them just seem hot and heavy and the marriage is only incidental.
He made the same mistakes he did in the books - didn't tell Edmure why he wanted him to withdraw from the mill, didn't marry a Frey, didn't take Grey Wind's hostility seriously, etc.
4676	Autopath	2013-06-07	I'm a reader. I was so shocked and upset by the manner of Talisa's death, and the sounds she made, and how her eyes looked as it was happening, that I will probably never be able to watch that part of the scene again.  For me, it was the worst part. Perhaps because I wasn't expecting it. If I were a non-reader, I probably would have been shocked by the whole thing, but I had the benefit of knowing the rest of that was coming.  Nevertheless, I can't help but wonder how many people were just sitting there staring at the silent credits at the end with a look of shock on their faces. I read it, sure, but it will still haunt me. Michelle Fairley deserves an emmy. I will never forget her face as she was holding Walder Frey's wife hostage, and her face after she cut the girl's throat and just stood there, completely desolate.
4677	Israel	2013-06-07	I like that there was no Joffrey but we got Walder giving you someone to hate none the less.
I thought he did an awesome job " drinking" and "watching greedily" " while looking on.  His intro to the bedding was spot on to lul robb in with "what says my sire?"
Oh I bet I know which Frey will be shown caught by the BWB...
Did anyone catch the little line he gave Talisa right after the scene starts they pan from the band to Talisa and Ahole Frey, she says " wow the're good"  he says " better be for what we are paying them"
Also I loved being able to single out a fat merman.
4678	starkrocks123	2013-06-03	BOOK 5 and TV SHOW 3x9  SPOILERS BELOW
In 3x9, Orell is stabbed with a sword by Jon. He is then shown dying with the sword in him but as he is dying he is shown warging into the Eagle above, which then attacks Jon. Was this shown by the Producers to show that  you can warg into an animal while dying? Is this supposed to provide evidence that Jon Snow will warg into Ghost after getting stabbed multiple times? The producers know what happens because they were told by GRRM so do you think shows that you CAN warg while dying. Plus with all the resurrection focus with Melisandre and Thoros and Beric, it only seems like likely that Jon Snow will be resurrected by Melissandre in WOW. What do you think? your thoughts???
4679	Maester Tormund	2013-06-03	Well the Prologue of ADwD had already stated that when a warg dies their mind goes into whatever was their closest animal.
4680	oursisthefury69	2013-06-03	this happens in the first book
4681	Envie	2013-06-03	I was surprised they put that final emphasis on Orell warging into his eagle as he died - because tied together with the scene where Bran's warging abilities were revealed, viewers got a pretty big hint that warging is not only something you can do willingly but you can so even in death. This may mean nothing or it may mean a lot for the future of Jon Snow.
4682	Bib Fortuna	2013-06-03	Orell's book death was when Qhorin killed him when they took Ygritte captive. Shortly afterwards, the eagle did attack Jon as it did in the show. So this has been a part of the canon ever since book 2 was released.
4683	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-03	In 3x9, Orell is stabbed with a sword by Jon. He is then shown dying with the sword in him but as he is dying he is shown warging into the Eagle above, which then attacks Jon. Was this shown by the Producers to show that  you can warg into an animal while dying? Is this supposed to provide evidence that Jon Snow will warg into Ghost after getting stabbed multiple times? The producers know what happens because they were told by GRRM so do you think shows that you CAN warg while dying. Plus with all the resurrection focus with Melisandre and Thoros and Beric, it only seems like likely that Jon Snow will be resurrected by Melissandre in WOW. What do you think? your thoughts???Varamyr existed for a reason. Jon being a man then a wolf then a man (Melisandre vision) exists for a reason. On the show...Well they're never going to show Varamyr so this was a good way to show that possibility. But first they have to prove to me that they will develop Jon's warging ability before Season 5. Currently they've ignored it, and they've shown him essentially mocking a warg. So I would say yes to your question, but only if they decide to show that Jon actually has some ability beforehand and isn't just lucky to have direwolf protector (of whom we've barely seen anything).
4684	Woman of War	2013-06-04	Ahem, a stupid question:
 Could Jon, or any other character, who wargs into "his" animal, slip into another human later, thus taking a human body again? Well the Warg codex would probably see this as evil but could he, or she? Or is an animal body the definitely last step for his identity? Would he be too much transformed into what his host is in order to return as human?
Probably discussed a hundred times in Heresy threads or so, sorry
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 04 June 2013 - 02:33 AM.
4685	Titan	2013-06-04	Ahem, a stupid question:Could Jon, or any other character, who wargs into "his" animal, slip into another human later, thus taking a human body again? Well the Warg codex would probably see this as evil but could he, or she? Or is an animal body the definitely last step for his identity? Would he be too much transformed into what his host is in order to return as human?Probably discussed a hundred times in Heresy threads or so, sorryNo, the Varamyr chapter in ADWD shows this to be not possible, if I recall correctly. If you warg into an animal (or other person) when you die, you are stuck there. The warg ability belongs to your original body.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 04 June 2013 - 02:46 AM.
4686	lostinasia	2013-06-04	Could Jon, or any other character, who wargs into "his" animal, slip into another human later, thus taking a human body again? Well the Warg codex would probably see this as evil but could he, or she? Or is an animal body the definitely last step for his identity? Would he be too much transformed into what his host is in order to return as human?I can't recall what happens in the book, but in "Rains of Castamere" Jojen makes it pretty clear that Bran's ability to warg into a human is unique, which implies no one else could warg into a human body period, whether from their human body or an animal's. That's TV canon, not book canon, mind you.
4687	shk12344	2013-06-04	BOOK 5 and TV SHOW 3x9  SPOILERS BELOWIn 3x9, Orell is stabbed with a sword by Jon. He is then shown dying with the sword in him but as he is dying he is shown warging into the Eagle above, which then attacks Jon. Was this shown by the Producers to show that  you can warg into an animal while dying? Is this supposed to provide evidence that Jon Snow will warg into Ghost after getting stabbed multiple times? The producers know what happens because they were told by GRRM so do you think shows that you CAN warg while dying. Plus with all the resurrection focus with Melisandre and Thoros and Beric, it only seems like likely that Jon Snow will be resurrected by Melissandre in WOW. What do you think? your thoughts???TV show makes it clear that Mel does not have the power to resurrect the dead and if you cross check it with a book, I don't think there is any reason to believe that Mel will obtain or seek out  the ability to resurrect anyone.As for death of Orell, I defintely agree that producers set it up in prepartion for Jon's eventual warging into Ghost when he is being assassinated.BTW, according to the book, it is possible to warg into other human after death. Problem is, the book makes it clear that it is nearly impossible to warg into normal  humans. If my memory is correct, Varamyr tried to wardg into wildling woman, but failed and had to resort back to a wolf.
4688	Head of The Ned	2013-06-04	TV show makes it clear that Mel does not have the power to resurrect the dead and if you cross check it with a book, I don't think there is any reason to believe that Mel will obtain or seek out  the ability to resurrect anyone.As for death of Orell, I defintely agree that producers set it up in prepartion for Jon's eventual warging into Ghost when he is being assassinated.BTW, according to the book, it is possible to warg into other human after death. Problem is, the book makes it clear that it is nearly impossible to warg into normal  humans. If my memory is correct, Varamyr tried to wardg into wildling woman, but failed and had to resort back to a wolf.Yes he did.Varamyr existed for a reason. Jon being a man then a wolf then a man (Melisandre vision) exists for a reason. On the show...Well they're never going to show Varamyr so this was a good way to show that possibility. But first they have to prove to me that they will develop Jon's warging ability before Season 5. Currently they've ignored it, and they've shown him essentially mocking a warg. So I would say yes to your question, but only if they decide to show that Jon actually has some ability beforehand and isn't just lucky to have direwolf protector (of whom we've barely seen anything).Nailed it.
4689	victim	2013-06-04	BTW, according to the book, it is possible to warg into other human after death. Problem is, the book makes it clear that it is nearly impossible to warg into normal  humans. If my memory is correct, Varamyr tried to wardg into wildling woman, but failed and had to resort back to a wolf.Yeah, I think their soul/mind/whatever fights back. Actually, that happened when Varamyr attempted to warg into Orell's eagle but it's probably the same concept.
4690	Overlord of Skagos	2013-06-04	I'm pretty sure in the books Robb must have warged into Grey Wind too when he was dying(only to die again as a wolf.but well...)
4691	Darryk	2013-06-04	I took that as a definite nod towards the first chapter of ADWD, and what it implies regarding Jon's fate.
4692	Istakhr	2013-06-04	I'm pretty sure in the books Robb must have warged into Grey Wind too when he was dying(only to die again as a wolf.but well...)In the books maybe, but not in the TV show. In the show Robb was still alive when Grey Wind was killed.
4693	lostinwesteros	2013-06-05	BOOK 5 and TV SHOW 3x9  SPOILERS BELOWIn 3x9, Orell is stabbed with a sword by Jon. He is then shown dying with the sword in him but as he is dying he is shown warging into the Eagle above, which then attacks Jon. Was this shown by the Producers to show that  you can warg into an animal while dying? Is this supposed to provide evidence that Jon Snow will warg into Ghost after getting stabbed multiple times? The producers know what happens because they were told by GRRM so do you think shows that you CAN warg while dying. Plus with all the resurrection focus with Melisandre and Thoros and Beric, it only seems like likely that Jon Snow will be resurrected by Melissandre in WOW. What do you think? your thoughts???I may be taking your OP too literally, or else misunderstanding, but in the red fonted line above, are you saying that GRRM has already told the producers what happens to Jon after he is stabbed?
4694	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I may be taking your OP too literally, or else misunderstanding, but in the red fonted line above, are you saying that GRRM has already told the producers what happens to Jon after he is stabbed?	 Of course. They know who sits the iron throne at the end, if it even exists, and they know basically everything about the major characters ultimate arcs. So of course they would know if Jon is actually dead or not.
4695	lostinasia	2013-06-05	I may be taking your OP too literally, or else misunderstanding, but in the red fonted line above, are you saying that GRRM has already told the producers what happens to Jon after he is stabbed?	 I think that can probably be assumed. They've had a few long talks with him about where the story is going: after all, they need to start setting things in motion, and figuring out what's important and what isn't (for example, is Robb's heir being carted around). I suspect D&D will show us Jon's resolution before GRRM does; assuming the show keeps going, they'll almost definitely be showing Dany reaching Westeros before GRRM does.
					
					
							Edited by lostinasia, 05 June 2013 - 08:22 AM.
4696	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I think that can probably be assumed. They've had a few long talks with him about where the story is going: after all, they need to start setting things in motion, and figuring out what's important and what isn't (for example, is Robb's heir being carted around). I suspect D&D will show us Jon's resolution before GRRM does; assuming the show keeps going, they'll almost definitely be showing Dany reaching Westeros before GRRM does.I just hope we can get at least tWoW before it comes out on TV. It's unfortunate because I always wanted to read the conclusion first but I don't think I could stop myself from watching the show.
4697	lostinwesteros	2013-06-05	Of course. They know who sits the iron throne at the end, if it even exists, and they know basically everything about the major characters ultimate arcs. So of course they would know if Jon is actually dead or not.No way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Even who sits the IT (or not), and what ultimately happens to all the characters?!!!?I think that can probably be assumed. They've had a few long talks with him about where the story is going: after all, they need to start setting things in motion, and figuring out what's important and what isn't (for example, is Robb's heir being carted around). I suspect D&D will show us Jon's resolution before GRRM does; assuming the show keeps going, they'll almost definitely be showing Dany reaching Westeros before GRRM does.I'm really upset and disillusioned....and jealous.   Taking this hard, doesn't seem fair to those of us who've been following ASOIAF forever.  Man... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  pout, pout, poutI just hope we can get at least tWoW before it comes out on TV. It's unfortunate because I always wanted to read the conclusion first but I don't think I could stop myself from watching the show.Me, too!  As it sinks in, I guess it does make sense, but cheez!
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 05 June 2013 - 08:51 AM.
4698	Envie	2013-06-05	I feel similarly that it's somehow a letdown that the show may actually catch up to and even pass the point we're at in the books. While I love the show dearly and think overall (except for a few minor changes) they are doing a great job of keeping the story true to GRRM's gritty style and intensity.
But, to all of us who have literally been waiting decades for the finale of this saga, it's almost a slap in the face to have the television show be that source of ending first. I'm hoping the producers knowing the ending just helps keep them on track as someone above said, in order to better know which story lines are important to focus on and which ones can be dropped because they aren't important to the end (like dropping Edric and using Gendry instead).
I also have a sneaky suspicion maybe George has a trick up his sleeve and is actually going to release the book at the same time the HBO season correlating with it is set to start, that way they'll drum up fans for both, a double win win for the author as well as the show ratings.That would be awesome and create a huge super finale to the saga.
But back to the topic at hand - there's been much more emphasis on warging and resurrections lately in the show so hopefully both of those indicate some sort of favorable outcome for Jon Snow. I like the way they've done it for both Orell and Bran too.
4699	Greywolf2375	2013-06-05	I'm really upset and disillusioned....and jealous.   Taking this hard, doesn't seem fair to those of us who've been following ASOIAF forever. Man... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  pout, pout, poutLife isn't a song little bird.
4700	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-06-05	No way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Even who sits the IT (or not), and what ultimately happens to all the characters?!!!?I'm really upset and disillusioned....and jealous.   Taking this hard, doesn't seem fair to those of us who've been following ASOIAF forever.  Man... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  pout, pout, pout[size=4]Me, too!  As it sinks in, I guess it does make sense, but cheez!The writers spent a day at GRRM's house while writing season 3 to run changes by him too. I think the big item on their agenda was Mel meeting Thoros & the BWB to pick up Gendry. It's very probable that GRRM told them that would be best for the show storyline.
4701	quikah	2013-06-05	TV show makes it clear that Mel does not have the power to resurrect the dead and if you cross check it with a book, I don't think there is any reason to believe that Mel will obtain or seek out  the ability to resurrect anyone.Thoros also makes it clear that it isn't him, it is the Lord of Light, so it is entirely possible that Mel would be able to res Jon.  I don't recall if he makes the same assertion in the book.
4702	Tyrion4President	2013-06-05	Varamyr existed for a reason. Jon being a man then a wolf then a man (Melisandre vision) exists for a reason. On the show...Well they're never going to show Varamyr so this was a good way to show that possibility. But first they have to prove to me that they will develop Jon's warging ability before Season 5. Currently they've ignored it, and they've shown him essentially mocking a warg. So I would say yes to your question, but only if they decide to show that Jon actually has some ability beforehand and isn't just lucky to have direwolf protector (of whom we've barely seen anything).I think when Jon gets back to wall after all his injuries they will have a few scenes with him dreaming while in ghost. he will prob keep waking up with a maester aiding his wounds. They will prob do the same with Arya too. not sure if im wrong about this but it seems as though both jon and arya are aware of their wolf dreams but dont actually realize they are warging their wolves.
4703	lostinwesteros	2013-06-05	Life isn't a song little bird.How could I have forgotten that?  It was one of my favorite lines (when, of course, it was applied to Sansa, not me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
4704	Pallantides	2013-06-05	As a note, the word "Warg" is not a verb when used in the books, and only is used as a noun in reference to those who can skin change with a direwolf. The actual verb is "skin changing".
4705	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-05	I thought they did it as a foreshadowing of sorts, definitely. They also had Jojen say to Bran "it's in your blood", something that can be interpreted as 'it runs in the family'. In this way they not only pave the way for Jon to develop his warg ability but also Arya and then later when Jon youknowhwat but Ghost is near.
(by the way, sorry if I forgot about this but...do wargs recognize each other? I seem to have a vague idea that they do...It's just, when Hodor starts hodoring and Orell hears him, it seems to me it's not just that. Bran wargs into Hodor and silences him but Orell is staring...I don't know, maybe it was just a first impression and I haven't rewatched...)
4706	white wolfpack	2013-06-05	I've been thinking the same thing about Orell warging (sorry, not a word but it should be) into the eagle and Mel learning about ressurection from Thoros.  A big part of it is hope because I like Jon and want R+L=J to be true, though.  Sadly, I know how capable these books are at crushing hopes & dreams.
4707	Envie	2013-06-05	(by the way, sorry if I forgot about this but...do wargs recognize each other? I seem to have a vague idea that they do...It's just, when Hodor starts hodoring and Orell hears him, it seems to me it's not just that. Bran wargs into Hodor and silences him but Orell is staring...I don't know, maybe it was just a first impression and I haven't rewatched...)Yes, wargs do recognize other wargs - or so it was in the books. I cannot remember if it was Ortell or Varamyr Sixskins who confronted Jon Snow when he first joined Mance Rayder's camp but one of them was very vocal about pointing out Jon was a warg to which Jon denied it or seemed confused.
4708	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-05	No way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Even who sits the IT (or not), and what ultimately happens to all the characters?!!!?I'm really upset and disillusioned....and jealous.   Taking this hard, doesn't seem fair to those of us who've been following ASOIAF forever.  Man... /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />  pout, pout, poutI feel the opposite way. I think the worst part of getting to do this series is to get spoiled how everything ends way before you get to read about it. I don't want to read A Dream of Spring knowing how it ends.
4709	Brixon	2013-06-05	Well if HBO and GRRM are smart from a marketing perspective, they would release the last book durning the start GOT's final season. Given all the new interest in the saga maybe George will be motivated to finish the series in a big way with the final book release and the GOT finale.
4710	King Tam Stark	2013-06-06	i never even considered it possible the tv show would overtake/go beyond the books but doing the maths its definitely possible /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
surely TWOW will at least stay ahead of the tv show
4711	SerArthurHeath	2013-06-06	I really hope we get a Jon-in-Ghost PoV
4712	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-06	Yes, wargs do recognize other wargs - or so it was in the books. I cannot remember if it was Ortell or Varamyr Sixskins who confronted Jon Snow when he first joined Mance Rayder's camp but one of them was very vocal about pointing out Jon was a warg to which Jon denied it or seemed confused.Thank you! I seemed to have the idea but didn't remember it exactly. I jusr rewatched that scene and it seems quite clear to me that Orell not only hears the shouting, he also senses the other warg nearby, there's this shot of him right when Bran is warging Hodor that tells me they did it on purpose...maybe I should post it on the positive nitpicking thread /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
4713	jugdesh258	2013-06-06	Thank you! I seemed to have the idea but didn't remember it exactly. I jusr rewatched that scene and it seems quite clear to me that Orell not only hears the shouting, he also senses the other warg nearby, there's this shot of him right when Bran is warging Hodor that tells me they did it on purpose...maybe I should post it on the positive nitpicking thread /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.Really ..... more like it was added for drama.  A warg likely only recognizes another when observed interacting with animal or familiar.  You can't tell clearly what the character is thinking if there is no dialog.  We debated for ages over whether the look on littlefinger's face suggested that he recognized Arya at Haranhall until the producers were quoted as saying it was not so.Overall, the only thing that we can say about this scene and its relation to Jon Snow's fate is that it is a problem that the producers have not yet contemplated yet cause it would appear to be seasons away.I don't believe GRRM has filled the producers in on everything.  The more we are likely to out or predict the story, the greater likelyhood that GRRM will change it up to surprise the reader or viewer
4714	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-06	Yeah, you're right, I may be trying to read too much into it.
4715	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-06	I wonder if Martin would even let them finish his story before he does.
4716	lostinasia	2013-06-07	I wonder if Martin would even let them finish his story before he does.It's not his to decide. He most certainly cannot put a stop on the TV show - and let's face it, IF the TV show makes it to the end of the story, it'll almost certainly reach that stage before Martin does.
4717	Happy Ent	2013-06-07	surely TWOW will at least stay ahead of the tv showLife is not a song, little bird.
4718	ChromeWeasel	2013-06-07	I can't recall what happens in the book, but in "Rains of Castamere" Jojen makes it pretty clear that Bran's ability to warg into a human is unique, which implies no one else could warg into a human body period, whether from their human body or an animal's. That's TV canon, not book canon, mind you.In the book, Varamyr is able to skinchange into the body of the old wildling woman. She realizes what's going on though, and rages against the possession so violently that Varamyr moves one of his wolves instead.It's pretty clear in the book that Varamyr would be able to skinchange Hodor if he wanted to.
4719	KingBrahbert	2013-06-04	I'm not 100%, but I'm pretty sure Rickon Stark was going off to House Umber. How do you think this will affect the story once Stannis comes to the North? Additionally, has the show ever explained what happend to the Greatjon? He was a fairly important lieutenant for Robb, but seems to have gone missing in recent episodes. Anyone have any idea if he is captured by the Freys (as in the book) or went North? His absence seems odd to me.
4720	Jazzman	2013-06-04	The actor that played Greatjon left the series, i don't know why. A shame thou.
4721	White Harbors Wrath	2013-06-04	Just because they mentioned the Umbers doesn't mean that's where they're going. It's not like Oshas going to be like "I'll hide your brother on Skagos with the cannibals and unicorns!"
4722	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-06-04	Just because they mentioned the Umbers doesn't mean that's where they're going. It's not like Oshas going to be like "I'll hide your brother on Skagos with the cannibals and unicorns!"Exactly
4723	TheEvilKing	2013-06-04	I'd be cool with them reintroducing the Greatjon at Last Hearth or something, having Ramsay track down Rickon and show up with an army, then having them flee to Skagos. Works for me.
4724	Xanderpanda	2013-06-04	The season 2 Blu Ray/DVDs have a play by play of the War of the Five Kings as show canon which mentions Great Jon: While King Robb Stark invades the Westerlands, Greatjon Umber is tasked with liberating the Riverlands from Lannister occupation. Lord Umber expels the Lannisters from Raventree Hall, then restoring the ancient castle of House Blackwood, and then wins another victory at Stone Hedge, which is then reclaimed by its rightful lord, Jonos of House Bracken. His season 3 whereabouts are unknown but the show did make it seem like the majority of the northern force was at The Twins.
4725	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	Just because they mentioned the Umbers doesn't mean that's where they're going. It's not like Oshas going to be like "I'll hide your brother on Skagos with the cannibals and unicorns!"Exactly- wasn't it suggested by Luwin that they went to White Harbour in the books? Why Osha didn't go there and ended up going to Skagos is still unclear. I had assumed for 3 books that Rickon was probably with the Manderlys.Still, it would be nice if they did go to the Last Hearth, for a while at least. It could serve a few purposes. It would keep Rickon in play for a little bit, it would allow them to illustrate the transfer of power from Stark to Bolton in the North, resulting in Rickon having to leave Last Hearth for his (and their) own safety, and it could provide an opportunity to explore the power of fear the Boltons instil relative to "love". It could also provide a few clues regarding if there is any truth behind the Great Northern conspiracy or not- we could even have Ramsey going hunting for the Stark boys, ending up at the Last Hearth, the Umbers denying they have him, Ramsey not believing them and threatening to bring an army up from the Dreadfort and to flay them all (a flayed man has no secrets!) before Osha decides to spare the Umbers and take Rickon on to Skagos.Ramsey hunting Stark boys all over the North with "Reek" helping him could be thrilling stuff, add a bit of tension to Rickon's journey, and give Ramsey and Theon something to do. They could explore Theon battling his will power, and failing through fear and intimidation. It would be a great way to mirror the hunt Theon and "Reek" had for Stark boys in ACOK.Plus, ever since "Boy" said the line "do I look like a fucking Umber" to you?!" I have wanted to see some more...
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 07:39 AM.
4726	Scratch Face	2013-06-04	yeah it bugs me that the other northern lords are 'misplaced' in the third season
4727	StarkBlack21	2013-06-04	You know. They could bring back Greatjon next season. Maybe they thinking about bringing him back and that's how they re-intro him.
4728	boojam	2013-06-04	Well Clive Mantle is , or has been in, a new TV series, but as to being available that's as shrouded in mystery as Conan Stevens.
Stevens seems , out, by his own implication.
Mantle, searching the WEB gives no indication.
He could be replaced, probably some actors who might fit.
I do dread seeing Ian Whyte show up as the Mountain again , face plate closed or not!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 04 June 2013 - 09:05 AM.
4729	boojam	2013-06-04	I am going to speculate to the skys, but me thinks Osha and Rickon's story will continue, somehow.
Be it from GRRM or D and D , tho it may run in very low ebb for a long time.
4730	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	@ boojam:  I love the thought that D & D will perhaps continue to follow Rickon, as I have been really sorry to see Bran and Rickon neglected in favor of the more sensational characters or scenes.  Especially with the RW behind us, I think that viewers will be all the more anxious to see more of the Starks that we do have left.  About the Greatjon:  I really missed having a scene at the RW where he turned over a table and took out several Freys before he himself fell - he was one of my favorite characters.  Someone at work (an unsullied, but she does review movies in her blog, so she keeps up with actor 'happenings') told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.  I never checked it out, and it does sound ludicrous, but /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Brings up another one of my questions, though.  It may be that the answer to this is provided somewhere in the books and I just missed it, but I thought that Maege Mormont and a small group of others had already set off for Howland Reed's before the RW, so I've always wondered what happened to them.  If they haven't cropped back up in the books, though, there's no chance they'd show up in the series, I don't think, and that's the only way I can think that the Greatjon would be brought back into play.  I think there're more important 'fish to fry' for the series given all that happens from here on out in the books.
4731	Reposado	2013-06-04	I am going to speculate to the skys, but me thinks Osha and Rickon's story will continue, somehow.Be it from GRRM or D and D , tho it may run in very low ebb for a long time.yeah. i definitely think we will be seeing osha and rickon in season 4
4732	scurvy	2013-06-04	@ boojam:  I love the thought that D & D will perhaps continue to follow Rickon, as I have been really sorry to see Bran and Rickon neglected in favor of the more sensational characters or scenes.  Especially with the RW behind us, I think that viewers will be all the more anxious to see more of the Starks that we do have left.  About the Greatjon:  I really missed having a scene at the RW where he turned over a table and took out several Freys before he himself fell - he was one of my favorite characters.  Someone at work (an unsullied, but she does review movies in her blog, so she keeps up with actor 'happenings') told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.  I never checked it out, and it does sound ludicrous, but /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That's the Smalljon.  The Greatjon went to the bedding and is a prisoner.
4733	Rain of Castamere	2013-06-04	its such a shame they lost another great ( /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> ) actor..
4734	Masamune	2013-06-04	Wasn't Mantle unavailable for S2, and then HBO didn't bother to call him back for S3? That's what I was told.
4735	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	I'm actually excited about the prospect of Osha and Rickon showing some of the Stark loyal banner men before disappearing, but I don't know how essential or even exciting it would be on TV. There's a lot of time in S4 for such invented plots since basically the whole story outside of KL can't progress too quickly with the Jon Snow bottleneck taking up the entire 4th season.Wasn't Mantle unavailable for S2, and then HBO didn't bother to call him back for S3? That's what I was told.D&D have made it pretty clear that actors that make themselves unavailable and basically cause them to change and rewrite things for seasons are never invited back, unless they love them. I guess they got pissed at Mantle for not being available S2 (And look how pissed off the fans got that he wasn't in it), and when he became available, I guess they didn't want to pander to the artist so that people can up and leave and just come back when it was convenient for them.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 June 2013 - 01:19 PM.
4736	briantw	2013-06-04	Just because we didn't see the Greatjon at the wedding doesn't mean he can't be written in as being taken captive there later, provided he's going to be important later, of course.  While we lost out on the image of him fighting people off, I wouldn't take it as an indication that he's back at Last Hearth kicking back.  Maybe he was just in another room at the Twins?
4737	I'll pay the iron price	2013-06-04	I'd like to see the Last Hearth introduced even if only briefly.
How many men do the Umbers have?
4738	Mother of Mountains	2013-06-04	I doubt we'll see the Greatjon again, but a visit to Last Hearth might be a chance to introduce Crowfood and Whoresbane slightly earlier.
4739	I'll pay the iron price	2013-06-04	I cant speak for others but I always envisioned the last hearth as Hermitage castle in the Scottish bordershttp://www.rampantsc...orders6175a.jpg
4740	The hairy bear	2013-06-04	I don't think we'll see Osha and Rickon next season. They are already juggling with too many storylines.I'm seeing a possibility, though. What if the Umbers substitute the Manderlys in the future Davos storyline? Stannis sends Davos to recruit the Umbers, Whoresbane is ruling Last Heart, he has been told that Robb warged into a wolf and killed his niece Greatjon at the Twins, captures Davos, and eventually, when the Lannisters release the Smalljon, he tells Davos that Rickon is at Skaagos (Osha fled there when it was no longer possible to conceal their presence in Last hearth from the Bolton spies).What do you think? You save having to introduce the Manderlys and Wex (who wasn't with Theon during S2) Someone at work (an unsullied, but she does review movies in her blog, so she keeps up with actor 'happenings') told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.That actually happened this summer. So it's true, but it's not the cause of him leaving. And as DarkAndFullOfTurnips says, I doubt very much that we'll be seeing him again.
4741	Istakhr	2013-06-04	Exactly- wasn't it suggested by Luwin that they went to White Harbour in the books? Why Osha didn't go there and ended up going to Skagos is still unclear. I had assumed for 3 books that Rickon was probably with the Manderlys.Still, it would be nice if they did go to the Last Hearth, for a while at least. It could serve a few purposes. It would keep Rickon in play for a little bit, it would allow them to illustrate the transfer of power from Stark to Bolton in the North, resulting in Rickon having to leave Last Hearth for his (and their) own safety, and it could provide an opportunity to explore the power of fear the Boltons instil relative to "love". It could also provide a few clues regarding if there is any truth behind the Great Northern conspiracy or not- we could even have Ramsey going hunting for the Stark boys, ending up at the Last Hearth, the Umbers denying they have him, Ramsey not believing them and threatening to bring an army up from the Dreadfort and to flay them all (a flayed man has no secrets!) before Osha decides to spare the Umbers and take Rickon on to Skagos.Ramsey hunting Stark boys all over the North with "Reek" helping him could be thrilling stuff, add a bit of tension to Rickon's journey, and give Ramsey and Theon something to do. They could explore Theon battling his will power, and failing through fear and intimidation. It would be a great way to mirror the hunt Theon and "Reek" had for Stark boys in ACOK.Plus, ever since "Boy" said the line "do I look like a fucking Umber" to you?!" I have wanted to see some more...Ramsy also said something about hunting to Theon. It makes sense for him to at least try to hunt Rickon if he somehow hears something about his whereabouts. A hunt can also serves to introduce some new northern lords (new Umbers) to viewers.On top of everything else, since Ramsay has nothing to do next season but torture Theon and probably take a castle from Ironborn by using Theon, adding a hunt for Rickon subplot makes sense for all the characters involved in Northern plot.
4742	protar	2013-06-04	I don't see Rickon and Osha getting a full story arc. Maybe just a few episodes during the early season before they leave for Skaagos. Possibly incorporating Ramsay chasing them.
I'm hoping that Manderly will be introduced next season, and maybe if we see the last hearth we can get Mors and/or Hother Umber as well. It would be good to tie Theon, Rickon and Davos into one larger northern plot line.
4743	Istakhr	2013-06-04	I'm hoping that Manderly will be introduced next season, and maybe if we see the last hearth we can get Mors and/or Hother Umber as well. It would be good to tie Theon, Rickon and Davos into one larger northern plot line.If they show Rickon and Ramsay hunting him next season, then there is no reason for showing Manderly next season.I think it is more likely that Stannis will send Davos to Manderly at the end of S4 and we'll see him and Manderly meet in S5.The only way I can see Manderly being in next season is if they have a Lady Hornwood subplot with Ramsay and Theon which I think is less likely than a hunting Rickon subplot.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 04 June 2013 - 02:59 PM.
4744	Lord Falcon	2013-06-04	I don't think we'll see Osha and Rickon next season. They are already juggling with too many storylines.I'm seeing a possibility, though. What if the Umbers substitute the Manderlys in the future Davos storyline? Stannis sends Davos to recruit the Umbers, Whoresbane is ruling Last Heart, he has been told that Robb warged into a wolf and killed his niece Greatjon at the Twins, captures Davos, and eventually, when the Lannisters release the Smalljon, he tells Davos that Rickon is at Skaagos (Osha fled there when it was no longer possible to conceal their presence in Last hearth from the Bolton spies)I don't know about the Umbers replacing the Manderlys since D&D made it so obvious that it was a Manderly sitting behind Cat and Robb during the wedding. You clearly saw the merman with the trident. It was an introduction of the Manderly's (albeit a very quick introduction). I hope we see White Harbor next season, something about that city has always made me giddy with excitement (perhaps its the Wolf Den?).
4745	stanniswillwin	2013-06-04	I think we will see more of rockin and dogs than in the book because GRRM really likes the actress
4746	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-04	D&D have made it pretty clear that actors that make themselves unavailable and basically cause them to change and rewrite things for seasons are never invited back, unless they love them. I guess they got pissed at Mantle for not being available S2 (And look how pissed off the fans got that he wasn't in it), and when he became available, I guess they didn't want to pander to the artist so that people can up and leave and just come back when it was convenient for them.This is pure conjecture on your part; which is another way of saying that you're making this up. Not trying to be a jerk, but scheduling conflicts happen all the time, and there's been absolutely no indication that there were any hard feelings in any case where an actor has had to leave. Conan Stevens (The Mountain) decided between the show and The Hobbit, and has previously stated that he'd be interested in returning for season three; Elyes Gabel (Rakharo) had been cast in the film World War Z, and ran into a scheduling conflict between the two projects due to the re-shoots the film went through; Clive Mantle (Greatjon Umber) ran into a similar issue, as he had scheduled himself into a theatrical production under the assumption that he would be working on Game of Thrones' second season during the same time period as the first season, apparently, which wasn't the case. I'd assume that he wasn't asked back for the third season as they'd already cast Clive Russel, who essentially ended up assimilating a lot of the elements of the Greatjon as a character. So not only have they not "made it clear" that they get pissed when actors become unavailable for whatever reason, but they haven't given any indication of that at all. With everything else they've got to worry about, I highly doubt it bothers them when very small parts have to be written out. Again, not trying to be rude, but this happens a lot around here - people, using no evidence, make claims that they pass off as true.
4747	jarl the climber	2013-06-04	I think we will see more of rockin and dogs than in the book because GRRM really likes the actressYeah, I forget the actresses name but the Osha character has had some popularity on the TV show. We have no idea what her and Rickon were up to after the second book so it could be interesting to see their adventures. Hopefully they do not botch it like they did to a certian extent with Robbs story. It would be a good way to introduce some of the Northern families as they shelter Rickon from Boltons hunters.
4748	Jon Black	2013-06-04	The season 2 Blu Ray/DVDs have a play by play of the War of the Five Kings as show canon which mentions Great Jon:His season 3 whereabouts are unknown but the show did make it seem like the majority of the northern force was at The Twins.This leads me to believe they are gonna include the Great Jon/Umbers back in the story.  If not why mention them in 'Rains...' and the DVD extra.Although, as Xanderpanda says, they also made it seem like the entire Northern Army was at the Twins.  I trust they'll resolve this.  They kinda have to.
4749	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-06-04	I do dread seeing Ian Whyte show up as the Mountain again , face plate closed or not! Oh God yes. He sucks. Stevens was so much more threatening and cool-looking. They may as well cut the Mountain out if they're making him into a joke by casting Ian Whyte FFS.
4750	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-04	This is pure conjecture on your part; which is another way of saying that you're making this up. Not trying to be a jerk, but scheduling conflicts happen all the time, and there's been absolutely no indication that there were any hard feelings in any case where an actor has had to leave. Conan Stevens (The Mountain) decided between the show and The Hobbit, and has previously stated that he'd be interested in returning for season three; Elyes Gabel (Rakharo) had been cast in the film World War Z, and ran into a scheduling conflict between the two projects due to the re-shoots the film went through; Clive Mantle (Greatjon Umber) ran into a similar issue, as he had scheduled himself into a theatrical production under the assumption that he would be working on Game of Thrones' second season during the same time period as the first season, apparently, which wasn't the case. I'd assume that he wasn't asked back for the third season as they'd already cast Clive Russel, who essentially ended up assimilating a lot of the elements of the Greatjon as a character.So not only have they not "made it clear" that they get pissed when actors become unavailable for whatever reason, but they haven't given any indication of that at all. With everything else they've got to worry about, I highly doubt it bothers them when very small parts have to be written out. Again, not trying to be rude, but this happens a lot around here - people, using no evidence, make claims that they pass off as true.It's not pure conjecture. Watch the Emmy Panel. They quite clearly state it, so I'm sorry that you spent that time writing your post.
4751	briantw	2013-06-04	By the way, I don't think that, if we continue to follow Osha and Rickon, that we will actually see them make it to Last Hearth.  My guess is that they hear about the Red Wedding (perhaps adapting that scene from the books where Bran and company meet the Northern man in the cave), decide that none of the Northern lords can be trusted, and she decides to head to Skaagos instead.  
Again, that's assuming we continue to follow Osha and Rickon at all, which I tend to think we will just because why not?  Following Osha next year would be a great way to inform the TV audience of what is going on in the North.
					
					
							Edited by briantw, 04 June 2013 - 08:18 PM.
4752	Longspear Ryk	2013-06-04	theres no one way they would let natalia tena not be in it for a year
4753	ugashep	2013-06-04	I thought it was funny how fast Osha got the hell out of dodge when Bran suggested that she take Rickon. It was like she wanted to go ahead and get out of there before he changed his mind and insisted that she come north of the wall.
4754	StarkBlack21	2013-06-04	I still think they can have Greatjon back. this would be the perfect time to re-intro him. The audience is already familiar with him being a loyal Stark Bannerman. And one fo Robb's biggest supporters. What I'm worried about is that they are getting rid of Alister Thorne. Thorne was perfectly cast. I hope they bring him back.
4755	teemo	2013-06-04	Recognizing no bannermen in that room besides Wymen for half a second had a negative effect on me.  The Greatjon imo was way too important to cut.  They should have just recast.  God.
I definitely think we'll continue to see a little of Osha and Rickon every now and then.
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 04 June 2013 - 09:26 PM.
4756	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Recognizing no bannermen in that room besides Wymen for half a second had a negative effect on me.  The Greatjon imo was way too important to cut.  They should have just recast.  God.I definitely think we'll continue to see a little of Osha and Rickon every now and then.They should have sucked it up, whatever it was, and found way to get him back on the show.
4757	teemo	2013-06-04	They should have sucked it up, whatever it was, and found way to get him back on the show.Yeah, anything but what they did, basically.
4758	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-04	I thought it was funny how fast Osha got the hell out of dodge when Bran suggested that she take Rickon. It was like she wanted to go ahead and get out of there before he changed his mind and insisted that she come north of the wall.Lol, thats kinda funny.  I think it was more because she knew wildlings were in the area and it would be safer to travel by night.
4759	StarkBlack21	2013-06-04	Do you guys think Alister Thorne will be back?
4760	teemo	2013-06-04	Do you guys think Alister Thorne will be back?yep.
4761	Israel	2013-06-04	Recognizing no bannermen in that room besides Wymen for half a second had a negative effect on me.  The Greatjon imo was way too important to cut.  They should have just recast.  God.I definitely think we'll continue to see a little of Osha and Rickon every now and then.I dont think and I hope it wasnt Wyman,  Manderlys were there but I dont think Wyman manderly was there and that guy was not big enough to be my boy.  When I think manderly I think John Goodman.
4762	teemo	2013-06-04	I dont think and I hope it wasnt Wyman,  Manderlys were there but I dont think Wyman manderly was there and that guy was not big enough to be my boy.  When I think manderly I think John Goodman.oops, nope.  just a manderly.
4763	Oakenfist	2013-06-04	I love Clive's Greatjon but recasting him would have been a mistake. Really he should have just been brought back in season 3 after his absence in season 2. I really don't see why this couldn't have been done. No idea why they didn't have Smalljon Umber since they had no problem putting in a no name Manderly.
Even show watchers remember that big bearded guy way back who shouted "King in the North!" in the first season.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 04 June 2013 - 09:51 PM.
4764	StarkBlack21	2013-06-04	I'm telling you, they could still bring back Greatjon for season 4. I don't know why they wouldn't.
4765	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-05	It's not pure conjecture. Watch the Emmy Panel. They quite clearly state it, so I'm sorry that you spent that time writing your post.I've watched the Emmy panel. The comments were very clearly said in jest. So I guess I'm sorry that you weren't able to pick up on that. 
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 05 June 2013 - 12:23 AM.
4766	JCrowley90	2013-06-05	Didn't the producers (or maybe Cogman) clearly state at one point back before Season 2 that the Greatjon wouldn't be in that season, but "would be back for season 3!" ? Sounds too me more like scheduling conflicts than any kind of animosity between producers and artists.
I have a theory regarding the Greatjon's possible return;
He might assume Robett Glover's role in Wyman Manderly's secret war council with Davos. Someone more overtly aware of Bolton's treason (in the books this is because Glover was sent to the massacre of Duskendale by Bolton, in the show the Greatjon might simply have attended and escaped the Red Wedding off-screen; it wouldn't be too much of a canon-break to suggest he might prefer the drunken revelry of the camps! Either that or he learns from someone else, but in either case is the one who brings the truth to Manderly initially).
					
					
							Edited by JCrowley90, 05 June 2013 - 01:21 AM.
4767	Fragon	2013-06-05	What do you think? You save having to introduce the Manderlys and Wex (who wasn't with Theon during S2)Wex was with Theon in S2, when Theon makes his Yolo speech, he names Wex too. And we have seen Wendel on the background during RW so I guess the Manderly storyline won't be cut at all.I can't wait to see those pies, maybe even the making of them!
4768	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-06-05	Rickon  and Osha might be headed there now, but maybe once they will find out they've switched sides and head towards skagos?
4769	Sword of the Mornin'	2013-06-05	It wouldn't surprise me if the show just decides to omit Skagos, and Rickon and Osha just hides out with the Umbers until Davos picks him up. It'd save them the difficulty of explaining the rather gray area of what Skagos is, and since we haven't been there in the books yet, its hard to know what great relevance the island and its people actually have. It would also save them the trouble of explaining who Wex is and why he knows the Starks are alive, although to be fair that came out of left field in the books too.
4770	Cadiva	2013-06-05	About the Greatjon:  I really missed having a scene at the RW where he turned over a table and took out several Freys before he himself fell - It was the SmallJon who did that.
4771	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-05	I've watched the Emmy panel. The comments were very clearly said in jest. So I guess I'm sorry that you weren't able to pick up on that.They weren't really though. Sure they were being funny about it, but it's pretty clear that the whole point of the conversation is that actors who make their jobs way harder and choose to take other work are simply written off. Sure they're kidding when they say they write them a death scene instantly, but the point was that they don't pander to the actors who make themselves unavailable, they pretty much tell them to fuck off.
4772	Montey14	2013-06-05	@ boojam:  I love the thought that D & D will perhaps continue to follow Rickon, as I have been really sorry to see Bran and Rickon neglected in favor of the more sensational characters or scenes.  Especially with the RW behind us, I think that viewers will be all the more anxious to see more of the Starks that we do have left.  About the Greatjon:  I really missed having a scene at the RW where he turned over a table and took out several Freys before he himself fell - he was one of my favorite characters.  Someone at work (an unsullied, but she does review movies in her blog, so she keeps up with actor 'happenings') told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.  I never checked it out, and it does sound ludicrous, but /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Brings up another one of my questions, though.  It may be that the answer to this is provided somewhere in the books and I just missed it, but I thought that Maege Mormont and a small group of others had already set off for Howland Reed's before the RW, so I've always wondered what happened to them.  If they haven't cropped back up in the books, though, there's no chance they'd show up in the series, I don't think, and that's the only way I can think that the Greatjon would be brought back into play.  I think there're more important 'fish to fry' for the series given all that happens from here on out in the books.Meage Mormont shows up again at Deepwood Motte to help Stannis oust Asha and her ironborne from the castle.  Lady Meadge is holed up with Stannis and ready to fight at winterfell....Robett Glover is league with Manderly  and perhaps will have a great role to play in the battle of winterfell....I'm assuming they did make it to the bogs and enlisted the cranogmen to help them...perhaps to help disldge moat calin from Frey/Bolton control.....so yes...the Mormonts and Glovers are true Stark bannermen.
4773	Montey14	2013-06-05	It wouldn't surprise me if the show just decides to omit Skagos, and Rickon and Osha just hides out with the Umbers until Davos picks him up. It'd save them the difficulty of explaining the rather gray area of what Skagos is, and since we haven't been there in the books yet, its hard to know what great relevance the island and its people actually have. It would also save them the trouble of explaining who Wex is and why he knows the Starks are alive, although to be fair that came out of left field in the books too.I may be wrong...but wasn't Neds mother said to be from Skagos....eventhough we never know who she is ....perhaps rickon can find some protection there if there are family ties....lets face it .....it won't be easy to hide a little boy traveling around the north with a giant black wolf
4774	Weeping Sore	2013-06-05	Show Greatjon in S1 was fantastic and almost single-handedly made Robb's plot believable. It really made a gaping hole in S2 when he didn't return. It would be a mistake to recast him IMHO. My guess is Osha & Rickon don't make it to Last Hearth.
4775	boojam	2013-06-06	D&D have made it pretty clear that actors that make themselves unavailable and basically cause them to change and rewrite things for seasons are never invited back, unless they love them. I guess they got pissed at Mantle for not being available S2 (And look how pissed off the fans got that he wasn't in it), and when he became available, I guess they didn't want to pander to the artist so that people can up and leave and just come back when it was convenient for them.I have never read or heard Dave and Dan say that about actors, there are contracts you know , but some must just have one year ones.I have to wonder what Conan Stevens contract looked like , he must have landed the Hobbit deal about the same time, he was in Season one so briefly . Maybe Dave and Dan did offer him a contract for season two but then he could not fit it into Peter Jackson's schedule. Stevens is the only one I have heard about who said he wanted to come back, and seems something even happened but then radio silence.As for Mantle it's all a mystery , it looks as if he was available for the 2013 season, and then nothing.I have to wonder about Ian McElhinney, he was not in season 2, but something went on , because D and D really wanted him back , since George had made Barristan Selmy a major character again. I still can't see  Ian Whyte as the mountain ... we have an important scene coming up ... and I don't know what they are going to do.I notice that Whyte is listed in IMDB in the show but that must have been as a White Walker , as he was in season 1.Has Julian Glover had a single speaking scene this season? I remember the interview with him , he gone to D and D and complained that Pycelle just seemed like a lump, so they gave him some more screen time, he seemed happy.This year he's just in the background.
4776	protar	2013-06-06	Has Julian Glover had a single speaking scene this season? I remember the interview with him , he gone to D and D and complained that Pycelle just seemed like a lump, so they gave him some more screen time, he seemed happy.This year he's just in the background.He was in the small council scene early in the season. I also think there's a scene of him and Tywin fishing. I'm not sure whether that was a cut scene or will be next week but it was definitely filmed. I think they'll beef up his screen time next season though - he's a fairly prestigious actor who's expressed disappointment at his lack of a role: D+D might fear he'll walk. I can't say I mind if it's good material, they could show the Tyrells slowly getting a hold on him perhaps.
4777	boojam	2013-06-06	Do you guys think Alister Thorne will be back?Will Peter Vaughan still be alive next year?
4778	protar	2013-06-06	Will Peter Vaughan still be alive next year?It's certainly a worry, but I mean Christopher Lee is 91 and is still well enough to act in the Hobbit. Do we know if Aemon is featuring in the finale?I think Alliser is cut. To bring him up again now would just draw attention to the plot hole that was his disappearance in season 2. It would be like "where've you been?". Much easier to have Janos play the sole villain in the NW (perhaps aided and abetted by Bowen Marsh?) and leave viewers to surmise that Alliser died on the Kingsroad imo.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 06 June 2013 - 09:02 AM.
4779	StarkBlack21	2013-06-06	That would be terrible if they cut Allister Thorne. Why would they do that. They could explain he never got to see Joffrey  or make up something. Getting rid of him seems foolish. I hope they bring him back.
4780	protar	2013-06-06	That would be terrible if they cut Allister Thorne. Why would they do that. They could explain he never got to see Joffrey  or make up something. Getting rid of him seems foolish. I hope they bring him back.And what would the explanation be for why he never got to Joffrey? He just decided to turn back? If they say he was at court but rejected people will be wondering why on earth we didn't see him in season 2.
4781	CakeOfTheMorning	2013-06-06	Sometimes, I never understand that fans of Asoaif marvel at how it defies normal clichAs and, at the same time, clinge to irrelevant and typical ''bad-ass'' things like Grey Wind attacking wolves or Small Jon and his table instead of focusing on the important stuff, the feeling of dread, claustrophobia (reinforced by GW in a cage) and isolation of the once glorious Starks of Winterfell.
Same thing for some fat dude shitting on his opponent or Tormund telling a joke.
					
					
							Edited by CakeOfTheMorning, 06 June 2013 - 01:07 PM.
4782	Impish	2013-06-06	told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.  I never checked it out, and it does sound ludicrousThe ear thing definitely happened, was widely reported in the news a few months back, eg http://www.bbc.co.uk...d-tyne-21927889That happened recently, and had nothing to do with him leaving the show after S1 though.. it seems he just had scheduling conflicts for S2.
4783	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-06	Sometimes, I never understand that fans of Asoaif marvel at how it defies normal clichAs and, at the same time, clinge to irrelevant and typical ''bad-ass'' things like Grey Wind attacking wolves or Small Jon and his table instead of focusing on the important stuff, the feeling of dread, claustrophobia (reinforced by GW in a cage) and isolation of the once glorious Starks of Winterfell.Same thing for some fat dude shitting on his opponent or Tormund telling a joke.Everyone enjoys an occasional cliche unless it wasn't in the books, in which case it's poor writing sexism and character assassination. Although Tormund is likable because no other wildling is really very likable and he lightens up those Jon chapters.
4784	boojam	2013-06-06	It's certainly a worry, but I mean Christopher Lee is 91 and is still well enough to act in the Hobbit. Do we know if Aemon is featuring in the finale?I think Alliser is cut. To bring him up again now would just draw attention to the plot hole that was his disappearance in season 2. It would be like "where've you been?". Much easier to have Janos play the sole villain in the NW (perhaps aided and abetted by Bowen Marsh?) and leave viewers to surmise that Alliser died on the Kingsroad imo.That Lee took that job surprises me , Oh I am sure he loves the role , but that's a long plane trip, and even during LTOR he had some trouble getting around, but he's a tough bloke.I think , after a long time we will see Castle Black next episode, tho I am not sure I picked it up in the preview.
4785	Darth Pipes	2013-06-06	I believe Lee's scene was shot in London and digitally inserted into the movie.  I don't think he can fly anymore.  He can still act to be sure.
4786	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-06	And what would the explanation be for why he never got to Joffrey? He just decided to turn back? If they say he was at court but rejected people will be wondering why on earth we didn't see him in season 2.Thorne was brought up in season two, actually. At a small council meeting they mentioned that he was in the capitol with a message from the Night's Watch, and they essentially decide to ignore him. And I very much doubt too many people will be at all concerned with why we didn't see him in season two. I enjoyed the actor who played the role, so hopefully he does come back for next season, but if he doesn't then they can always cast Bowen Marsh instead. I'm also wondering if we're going to be seeing Janos Slynt at the Wall next season, as well...
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 06 June 2013 - 09:28 PM.
4787	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-06-07	I will miss the Greatjon if they don't bring him back.  Just to add some fun bluster to the grim Northmen.
And too bad if they cut Allister Thorne's mission with the wight hand as well. 
I can't believe that the producers and Conan Stevens can't find ONE DAY to shoot the duel.  They have to work it out.  Having benchwarmer Ian Whyte is.....what it is.  Not Conan Stevens.  Ian Whyte is a fine guy for doing ComicCon Wales, but let's step it up.  (No offense to Wales.)
4788	athmystikal	2013-06-07	About the Greatjon:  I really missed having a scene at the RW where he turned over a table and took out several Freys before he himself fell - he was one of my favorite characters.  Someone at work (an unsullied, but she does review movies in her blog, so she keeps up with actor 'happenings') told me that the actor who played the Greatjon had one of his ears bitten (?) off but didn't know how and that that was why he left the show.  I never checked it out, and it does sound ludicrous, but /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />From wikipediaOn the night of Saturday 23 March 2013, he[Clive Mantle] became involved in a brawl after asking a group of fellow guests to keep the noise down, during which part of his right ear was bitten off.[54] He had to have emergency surgery at the Royal Victoria Infirmary hospital to have it sewn back on.Thais incident happened only 2 months ago. So that is not the reason why he was not in Season 3. Oh and he had cancelled his tours recently. Probably he is back for season 4?
4789	protar	2013-06-07	That Lee took that job surprises me , Oh I am sure he loves the role , but that's a long plane trip, and even during LTOR he had some trouble getting around, but he's a tough bloke.I think , after a long time we will see Castle Black next episode, tho I am not sure I picked it up in the preview.Castle Black's definitely in because the guy playing Pyp is back for the finale. But yeah Lee did his scenes in England. However it remains that you can still act into your 90's if you have the dedication. A trip to ireland is a lot less strenuous and the guy playing Pyp said he was only filming for a day. I hope we see Aemon again. Given his Targ background it would be kind of a plothole to make him vanish.
4790	The Monkey	2013-06-07	Rickon's gotta ride his direwolf at some point. Will be fucking epic. "The Black Wolf"
4791	virostatiq	2013-06-05	Hi,
I thought it would be interestiong to draw a chart of my averaged heart rate during this episode against the actual frames. Here it is: http://virostatiq.co...ame-of-thrones/
Note that there are spoilers in the text, and the picture also contains clues.
best,
V
4792	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-06-03	Now it becomes more interesting, in a different way. What if, on top of everything else, the Freys managed to piss off a major Volantene faction?
4793	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	Doubt it, really. The show doesn't seem to have that much foresight. Besides, involving the Volantenes in the Northern plot is a huge deviation from the books.
4794	The hairy bear	2013-06-03	Sooner or later David Peterson is going to post the translation of the letter in his blog, and we'll know about its content.
But I'm sure the VOlantis won't get involved with the Northern cause. I'd say more, but it's hard to do it in a "no spoiler" thread.
4795	Kaitscralt	2013-06-03	I'm just wondering where all the people who were 100% positive Talisa was a spy have disappeared to? I was hoping for a thread where I could politely say, "I told you so."
4796	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-06-03	I'm just wondering where all the people who were 100% positive Talisa was a spy have disappeared to? I was hoping for a thread where I could politely say, "I told you so."I was one. So.. feel free to do so.
4797	Thor Odinson	2013-06-03	A poster on another thread posited the theory that Talisa was writing out a decree legitimizing Jon Snow, which would be explained by her scene with Catelyn and how she'd considered asking to have Jon legitimized but changed her mind afterwards. I'm not sure if that's feasible, but I looked it up and the wiki states that a royal decree is necessary. That leaves some wiggle room allowing for a queen having the power to legitimize a bastard as well as a king. If so that might be what that letter is: a decree from the Queen in the North legitimizing Jon Snow and making him Jon Stark.
4798	Jory Cassel	2013-06-03	I'm just wondering where all the people who were 100% positive Talisa was a spy have disappeared to? I was hoping for a thread where I could politely say, "I told you so."I didn't think she was a spy, but I seriously considered it for a moment when robb tries to kiss herand she refuses (her nervousness somehow hinted at the upcoming slaughter)
4799	juanml82	2013-06-03	A poster on another thread posited the theory that Talisa was writing out a decree legitimizing Jon Snow, which would be explained by her scene with Catelyn and how she'd considered asking to have Jon legitimized but changed her mind afterwards. I'm not sure if that's feasible, but I looked it up and the wiki states that a royal decree is necessary. That leaves some wiggle room allowing for a queen having the power to legitimize a bastard as well as a king. If so that might be what that letter is: a decree from the Queen in the North legitimizing Jon Snow and making him Jon Stark.That's interesting. But which Northerner will understand High Valyrian? A Maester perhaps? I think Talisa, as Queen in the North, can definitely do it and it would be a nice twist
4800	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	Read an interview with once of the D&D guys saying that they included Talisa in the RW to give it an extra punch, which I think it did.  Looking back at their statement that the RW was the scene they most looked forward to fiming, I wonder if they did the Talisa/Jeyne variant just for that reason, right from the start.  She was a wildcard precisely because she wasn't in the books, which gave them the ability to still surprise readers with her fate.
Right as the scene was going on, a non-reader asked me what was going to happen, and I said that I wasn't quite sure, because there were characters present who weren't present in the books.  I actually felt like I didn't know what was going to happen, which was a very much appreciated feeling for someone like me who has been reading the series since it was first published.
4801	flinn	2013-06-03	I'm just wondering where all the people who were 100% positive Talisa was a spy have disappeared to? I was hoping for a thread where I could politely say, "I told you so." Well go ahead and tell me so... I thought she was a spy.Makes me think the word "petty" when I read this post though...Must not have much self-confidence if you need to "told you so" about book theories.
4802	David Selig	2013-06-03	Talisa has no official power unless Robb has specifically delegated her some, for which we've had no indication. So she can't legitimise a bastard.
Why would she do it anyway, it's very much against her own interests since it creates a possible rival for her child(ren)?
4803	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	Talisa has no official power unless Robb has specifically delegated her some, for which we've had no indication. So she can't legitimise a bastard.Why would she do it anyway, it's very much against her own interests since it creates a possible rival for her child(ren)?LOL, she never even mentions Jon Snow.  People are crazy.  The Talisa letter will turn out to be "hi mom, i just got married, blah, blah, blah".  There is nothing more to this plot line and thank the old gods and the new for that.
4804	AegonSnow	2013-06-03	Talisa has no official power unless Robb has specifically delegated her some, for which we've had no indication. So she can't legitimise a bastard.Why would she do it anyway, it's very much against her own interests since it creates a possible rival for her child(ren)?Robb would have sat on the Iron Throne, and Jon as heir to Winterfell.
4805	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-06-03	LOL, she never even mentions Jon Snow.  People are crazy.  The Talisa letter will turn out to be "hi mom, i just got married, blah, blah, blah".  There is nothing more to this plot line and thank the old gods and the new for that.The Talisa letter was a really nice move on the part of D&D because it kept readers, who know the RW is coming, guessing as to her ultimate intentions.  I didn't think she was "in" on it, but I didn't know until the shock of her killing.  Watching her added a lot of the tension I felt waiting for it all to begin.Also, I again have to give D&D more pluses for this because there were a great many complaints that Robb was no longer a sympathetic character, so people might not take his death as that bad a thing.  By having Talisa pregnant, and by making her murder so freaking ghastly with the stabs to the womb, I don't think there are many people who will forget who the real bad guys are.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 03 June 2013 - 09:00 AM.
4806	Cas Stark	2013-06-03	The Talisa letter was a really nice move on the part of D&D because it kept readers, who know the RW is coming, guessing as to her ultimate intentions.  I didn't think she was "in" on it, but I didn't know until the shock of her killing.  Watching her added a lot of the tension I felt waiting for it all to begin.Also, I again have to give D&D more pluses for this because there were a great many complaints that Robb was no longer a sympathetic character, so people might not take his death as that bad a thing.  By having Talisa pregnant, and by making her murder so freaking ghastly with the stabs to the womb, I don't think there are many people who will forget who the real bad guys are.Eh, I thought they were beating the viewer over the head with it, okay, I get it, she's pregnant and they're in love...but then I hated the Talisa storyline from day one, and thought making everything about Talisa and Robb diminished the tragedy of the RW and took the focus off the war and put it onto a Romeo and Juliet type cliche of doomed lovers.
4807	flinn	2013-06-03	Just because they killed her does not mean she wasn't in on it though.
She had played out her usefulness and why take any chance of having a Robb heir running around.
 Heck she may have survived if she had stuck to the plan, but she fell in love with Robb during her "game" and then she was treated just like one of the Starks.
4808	Kevin VanNatter	2013-06-03	I didn't think she was a spy, but I seriously considered it for a moment when robb tries to kiss herand she refuses (her nervousness somehow hinted at the upcoming slaughter)I think she just wasn't down with a public display of affection in front of Walder Frey, sorry, LORD Frey (No disrespect dude, don't hurt me). The fact that Robb wanted to show affection at the wedding shows how clueless he was. But it also shows just how sacred guest rights are and that Lord Frey is such a prick! Anyways, Jeyne---er Talisa, was just trying to be polite by not flaunting their love in front of the guests of the house Robb scorned. I suppose in retrospect they should have screwed on the dais.
4809	Lord Martin	2013-06-03	The fact that the Freys killed Talisa does not mean that she wasn't Tywin's spy.  Rather it goes to show how manipulative Tywin is.  Remember, the Westerlings were "in" on the RW in the books and some of them died there because Tywin didn't tell all the players who else was involved.  
I admit this makes it far less likely she was a spy and we may never learn the truth... but IMO, her death does not preclude the possibility that she was Tywin's plant.
4810	drstrangelove	2013-06-03	Robb would have sat on the Iron Throne, and Jon as heir to Winterfell.You apparently haven't paid much attention to the show or the books. They are not trying to conquer the Iron Throne. They seceded from the Kingdom. The late King in the North did not have any ambition to ruling the 7 Kingdoms.
4811	Clariana	2013-06-03	The fact that the Freys killed Talisa does not mean that she wasn't Tywin's spy.  Rather it goes to show how manipulative Tywin is.  Remember, the Westerlings were "in" on the RW in the books and some of them died there because Tywin didn't tell all the players who else was involved.  I admit this makes it far less likely she was a spy and we may never learn the truth... but IMO, her death does not preclude the possibility that she was Tywin's plant.Agree with this.  There were several of us here who said that even if she was acting as a spy that would not preclude here being killed at the RW, in fact it may have been unavoidable (why would Tywin want his duplicity known? Simply better to get rid of the wench and to hell with it...)
4812	flinn	2013-06-03	If she isn't a spy, they certainly did their best to make it seem that way...http://www.wetpaint....a-lannister-spy
4813	Lord Martin	2013-06-03	Agree with this.  There were several of us here who said that even if she was acting as a spy that would not preclude here being killed at the RW, in fact it may have been unavoidable (why would Tywin want his duplicity known? Simply better to get rid of the wench and to hell with it...)or more importantly, get rid of the wolf-to-be in her belly....Tywin Lannister is not a man for loose ends...
4814	Valyrian Steel Link	2013-06-03	It would absolutely not be out of character for Tywin to kill his spy. Assuming the plan goes off, what use would he have of her anymore? I hope the theory is confirmed next week.
4815	Cerulean	2013-06-03	You apparently haven't paid much attention to the show or the books. They are not trying to conquer the Iron Throne. They seceded from the Kingdom. The late King in the North did not have any ambition to ruling the 7 Kingdoms.Truth.  Even in the books, when Rob and Talisa are talking in Season 2, he tells her that once the war is over he just wants to go home.  He repeatedly talks about going home to Winterfell.  He has no interest in the Iron Throne.
4816	Kaitscralt	2013-06-04	If she isn't a spy, they certainly did their best to make it seem that way...http://www.wetpaint....a-lannister-spyEver heard of a red herring? It kept the eyes off Roose for as long as needed.
4817	NomadicDirewolf	2013-06-04	i dont think volantis will ever intervene on the northern side in any way, but i guess its possible (though highly unlikely) that someone in volantis might mention it or give a character a favour or do something minor which is bad for some reason due to it. I mean, Volantis will be featured a lot in season 5&6 especially. About 4 stories pass through it at different times
4818	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2013-06-04	I still believe she was a spy. There were unintentional Westerling family deaths at the RW, weren't there?  It ties up the conspiracy to kill Robb loose ends for the Bolton's and Frey's for the show. Too many looks between her and Roose.
					
					
							Edited by WillWork4NinjaPowers, 04 June 2013 - 06:02 PM.
4819	teemo	2013-06-04	Some people actually still think she's a spy.  Not me though.  And god, would that be awful.  I never want to hear her name again.
And I doubt that Volantis will ever play into any of this.
4820	teemo	2013-06-04	I still believe she was a spy. There were unintentional Westerling family deaths at the RW, weren't there?  It ties up the conspiracy to kill Robb loose ends for the Bolton's and Frey's for the show. Too many looks between her and Roose.Yes, Raynald.  Most likely dead.
4821	Cas Stark	2013-06-04	Some people actually still think she's a spy.  Not me though.  And god, would that be awful.  I never want to hear her name again.And I doubt that Volantis will ever play into any of this.People are crazy.  She's dead, there was no spy reveal, so, she wasn't a spy, obviously, but still the idea refuses to die....it will be revealed in a later episode or even if its never revealed, that won't mean she wasn't a spy.  Okey dokey then. And Volantis is not going to come to the aid of the North, LMAO.  They made her from Volantis for no reason other than to give her a backstory and make her not from Westeros.Yes please, let the dead bad character rest in peace, never to be disturbed again.
4822	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-04	Getting rid of Talisa and Ros in one season?  BEST SEASON EVER.
4823	knownothing	2013-06-04	Talisa was far from my favorite show character so it's not as if I want her to be more than she is but I won't yet rule out that she could be revealed as a spy in the near future. All it would take would be a comment by Tywin to confirm it. Given that Jeyne was a pawn in the books why couldn't Talisa be one, too? It would also make sense to kill her once she had done her part.
4824	tmug	2013-06-02	I rewatched Season 2 and the differences between the book/tv put Arya right under the nose of the most cunning and ruthless men of Westeros, Tywin Lannister. I rather enjoyed the exchanges between the two characters but now am wondering what this adaptation for TV dampens Arya's character in any way. She got 3 names - she was forced to do Amory Lorch, and I guess the Tickler she half heartedly believed Jaquen. Was Gendry right? Just say Lord Tywins name and the war is over? Of course its not that simple. Did she inherently let the events of the Blackwater and the RW to happen?
4825	FacelessFanDragon	2013-06-02	She couldn't name Tywin, Jaquen would not let her.
4826	JCrowley90	2013-06-02	She couldn't name Tywin, Jaquen would not let her.He said quite the opposite. He would kill -anyone-.Basically, the logic for Arya's choices are actually better in the show than in the books. Book!Arya is more prone to the short-sighted nature of her choices, but as the character is also younger than TV!Arya this is more forgivable. An older Arya in the show means a more balancing infusion of logic over emotion needs to be used to weigh her decision-making (even if it not balanced per se).1. The Tickler; she's sceptical of Jaqen's claims to be able to kill anyone, so names this man as a half-hearted testing of the waters.2. Amory Lorch; the situation forces her to use up one of her fatalistic wishes.3. She trades in the last one to get her out of Harrenhal, fair enough. Especially when one considers that if she had killed off Tywin instead of leaving Harrenhal, the fort would fall under the command of the Mountain. And we know what happens when the Mountain is left is command of Harrenhal.
					
					
							Edited by JCrowley90, 02 June 2013 - 12:27 PM.
4827	The Flaying Man	2013-06-02	Another interesting plot point arising from the Roose/Tywin switch is that Arya is not aware of the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon in the show. I am presuming this is the case as it hasn't ever been mentioned in any of her scenes.
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 02 June 2013 - 01:20 PM.
4828	Dysun	2013-06-02	Another interesting plot point arising from the Roose/Tywin switch is that Arya is not aware of the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon in the show. I am presuming this is the case as it hasn't ever been mentioned in any of her scenes.Now that you bring this up I have to say I'm disappointed that Sansa has no reaction to this either
4829	piratesswoop	2013-06-02	Now that you bring this up I have to say I'm disappointed that Sansa has no reaction to this eitherI guess the writers assume that Sansa was told off-screen, but it's just odd. I always thought it was very strange that in her conversation with Margaery, Sansa has absolutely no reaction to Marg telling her that her sons might be lords of Winterfell someday. Surely a sign of grief for her two little brother being murdered just to indicate she knew. It would've even been a good time for her to find out. "Your sons could be lords of Casterly Rock and Winterfell someday" "How would my sons rule Winterfell? Robb is older than me, and he may have sons, and I still have two younger brothers" "Oh, you haven't heard?"
					
					
							Edited by piratesswoop, 02 June 2013 - 04:04 PM.
4830	alwayswinter	2013-06-02	He said quite the opposite. He would kill -anyone-.Basically, the logic for Arya's choices are actually better in the show than in the books. Book!Arya is more prone to the short-sighted nature of her choices, but as the character is also younger than TV!Arya this is more forgivable. An older Arya in the show means a more balancing infusion of logic over emotion needs to be used to weigh her decision-making (even if it not balanced per se).1. The Tickler; she's sceptical of Jaqen's claims to be able to kill anyone, so names this man as a half-hearted testing of the waters.2. Amory Lorch; the situation forces her to use up one of her fatalistic wishes.3. She trades in the last one to get her out of Harrenhal, fair enough. Especially when one considers that if she had killed off Tywin instead of leaving Harrenhal, the fort would fall under the command of the Mountain. And we know what happens when the Mountain is left is command of Harrenhal.She does try to have Jaqen kill Tywin with the final "wish", when she learns he's riding out to attack Robb's army. But by the time she finds Jaqen, Tywin's already left, so she names Jaqen until he agrees to help her escape.
					
					
							Edited by alwayswinter, 02 June 2013 - 04:54 PM.
4831	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-02	I guess the writers assume that Sansa was told off-screen, but it's just odd. I always thought it was very strange that in her conversation with Margaery, Sansa has absolutely no reaction to Marg telling her that her sons might be lords of Winterfell someday. Surely a sign of grief for her two little brother being murdered just to indicate she knew. It would've even been a good time for her to find out. "Your sons could be lords of Casterly Rock and Winterfell someday" "How would my sons rule Winterfell? Robb is older than me, and he may have sons, and I still have two younger brothers" "Oh, you haven't heard?"Or like anyone else, she'd think they'd been disinherited as enemies of the Crown.
4832	Montey14	2013-06-02	the only ones responsible for the red weeding are Tywin, Frey,  and Bolton....and of couse the ultimate responseibility lies with Robb himself , who bungled all his alliances  and threw it all away with for a piece of ass.....
4833	Arya Nymeria Stark	2013-06-04	As a teenage boy, love (or lust?) is nore important than anything.
4834	The Fourth Head	2013-06-04	Arya gets a bad rep for her decisions, but there is a risk of being overly harsh and oversimplifying the situation like Gendry did. Blaming her for the RW is extremely harsh.1) Arya didn't know how good Jaqen was, so hit one (Tickler) was the most deserving realistic target at that time. He clearly deserved death the most, had inflicted the most trauma on her and others, and she was preventing him inflicting any more torture in future.2) Hit two was to save her own neck. Without doing so, she would get no hit three. It's only now she realises how good Jaqen is. It isn't clear she made a mistake here- although stealing that piece of paper and reading it in public was a biiig mistake.3) She then chooses Tywin on hit three, but he leaves and when she seeks Jaqen out, "a man has duties"So I don't feel Arya was an idiot or can really be blamed. It's that whole "in an ideal world who would have been the best targets, without your actual situation or knowledge at the time being factored in" Who knows? If Tywin had been killed, the Tyrell/Lannister alliance would still have happened, Stannis would still have lost at Blackwater, the Northern cause would still look grim, and Roose and Walder would still be looking for a way out of it. Are we to assume that on Tywin's death, Arya would know that Cercei or Joffrey or Tyrion wouldn't have picked up the mantle and been just as evil?
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 04 June 2013 - 08:45 AM.
4835	lostinwesteros	2013-06-04	She does try to have Jaqen kill Tywin with the final "wish", when she learns he's riding out to attack Robb's army. But by the time she finds Jaqen, Tywin's already left, so she names Jaqen until he agrees to help her escape.This.Plus, I had posed the question in an earlier thread as to whether or not Arya ever found out about Bran and Rickon, and an answering post indicated they thought it was revealed in the book (I think during the time Arya spend as Roose's cup bearer), but I don't remember it happening anywhere in the tv series.  Last I remember is when she was talling Jaquen that she wanted to go with him but needed to stay in order to find her mother and her brothers (plural), then added her sister as a somewhat hard to make inclusion.  I guess plural could mean Robb and Jon, but I got the sense that it included Bran and Rickon, too, and we've had no episode in season 3 involving her and any mention of Bran and Rickon.
4836	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-05-31	i've seen a bunch of predictions woven into some of the other ep 9 threads, but i wanted to start a thread devoted to how we predict/hope/dread this ep to go down - mostly re: the RW, but all other storylines as well.
here are a few of my thoughts, though i'm not going to actually call them 100% "predictions," as i won't pretend to be able to guess how they're going to do this and what changes they will implement:
- ramsay reveal: i know many have said the dreadfort is too far away for him to be at the RW, though i suppose it could be possible.  more likely, i think, is that roose will show robb and cat theon's finger (gods, i HOPE it's his finger) AND will tell them that ramsay is holding theon and that theon has "confessed" to murdering bran and rickon.  i believe in the show robb and cat are supposed to be unsure whether or not they are truly dead at this point... and i've always wondered why that is... perhaps so that they can do the big "yes, they ARE dead" during this ep?  this would also explain why they've been dragging out the b.o.b. reveal for so long.  and THIS would lead to robb making jon his heir.  they will have just also learned that sansa married tyrion, so robb gets this triple heir-whammy and decides he must legitimize jon.
- also, the fact that cat learns - in a very short period of time - that sansa is married to a lannister and that her baby boys are definitely dead just primes her for extra insane grief when she sees robb stabbed in front of her.  it will all come at once /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
- i don't think they will show grey wind's head on robb's body.  it's an unspoken rule of hollywood - you don't show gruesome animal deaths.  people, sure, all you want, but not animals.  strange in a way.  but i think it would just disturb too many people and they would risk losing viewers.  probably we'll learn about it later when we hear tywin or tyrion talking about it.  or joff will gloat about it.  that little fucker.
- if talisa is not a spy, looks like the blackfish will escape with her.  but if she dies, or loses the baby in a post-RW miscarraige, then i guess we'll know she can't be pregnant in the books. if she is a spy, that is going to be really crazy.
- poor arya
4837	Lord Paolo Stark	2013-06-01	well, people who read the books know it's the episode of the Red Wedding
what do you expect?
Do you think Talisa will be spared? do you think she's a spy? do you think she'll follow the way her book counter-part Jeyne Westerling followed?
In my opnion I don't want her to be a spy, she needs at least to be spared and survives and run away back to Riverrun, where she can follow the plot, the rumors that Jeyne escaped with Blackfish and that she's pregnant
so, what's your opinion?
4838	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	I would prefer that (1) she's not a spy and (2) she dies, if only so that people can shut up about her on here.
If she survives then people will complain about how they'll probably try to make up some stuff to keep her involved somehow, and if she ends up being a spy, well, even if she dies we'll never hear the end of it.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 02 June 2013 - 12:03 PM.
4839	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Ned rises from the dead, and charges into the midst of the slaughter to protect his family, only to be killed once again.
4840	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Ned rises from the dead, and charges into the midst of the slaughter to protect his family, only to be killed once again.I like it!In fact, I think they should make it a running gag.  Whenever something bad happens to a Stark, Ned comes back to life to try to stop it only to fail and get killed again.
4841	Arkash	2013-06-02	Ready to bet Talisa will take Dacey Mormont place.
4842	teemo	2013-06-02	Very, very high, and I think appropriately so.  It's what inspired D&D to take on GoT in the first place, so they better do it justice.  I haven't been a very big fan of D&D in general since season two, but I still believe they can do this right.  It's disconcerting the way they've downplayed Robb and especially Cat though.  On the other hand, the RW is incredibly epic and this is a chance for them to create one of the most powerful and heartbreaking scenes in a television series.  If they do it well it will garner them a lot of positive attention, so that's one of the big reasons I think they'll actually do this well.  .....But another concern is the Talisa thing.  I don't want the RW to be about her and Robb.  I hope she's the first to go.
4843	SkaggCannibal	2013-06-02	As long as the Blackfish survives, I don't care about Jeyne. If she is a spy, please let hier die, if she's not, please let her die.
4844	Lord of the Tides	2013-06-02	I like it!In fact, I think they should make it a running gag.  Whenever something bad happens to a Stark, Ned comes back to life to try to stop it only to fail and get killed again.If someone is ever to re-adapt asoiaf into a comedy, I hope it's you.
4845	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	Very, very high, and I think appropriately so.  It's what inspired D&D to take on GoT in the first place, so they better do it justice.  I haven't been a very big fan of D&D in general since season two, but I still believe they can do this right.  It's disconcerting the way they've downplayed Robb and especially Cat though.  On the other hand, the RW is incredibly epic and this is a chance for them to create one of the most powerful and heartbreaking scenes in a television series.  If they do it well it will garner them a lot of positive attention, so that's one of the big reasons I think they'll actually do this well.  .....But another concern is the Talisa thing.  I don't want the RW to be about her and Robb.  I hope she's the first to go.This. Some things have been really good this season, but the lack of Robb and Cat has been baffling given what's going to happen; the more we see of them, the more we suffer when they go. So yeah, I don't get it either, especially given the fact that Robb/Cat's scenes were supplanted by a lot of nothing in KL. Go figure.My expectations are high too, though. I want it to be as heartbreaking and raw as it was in the books. And Talisa needs to go.
4846	stanniswillwin	2013-06-02	After rob is killed a shot of Rains weeping over the deserted halls of winterfell
					
					
							Edited by stanniswillwin, 02 June 2013 - 12:24 PM.
4847	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	This. Some things have been really good this season, but the lack of Robb and Cat has been baffling given what's going to happen; the more we see of them, the more we suffer when they go. So yeah, I don't get it either, especially given the fact that Robb/Cat's scenes were supplanted by a lot of nothing in KL. Go figure.My expectations are high too, though. I want it to be as heartbreaking and raw as it was in the books. And Talisa needs to go.Try to remember how little important Robb and Cat stuff happened in the book prior to the events in this episode. Cat's chapters in ASoS didn't have much going on, and some of you seem to forget that. I also think the impact will be big, because the unsullied believe Robb's story is building up to something big, but then he's killed at a wedding. Having a lot of Robb/Cat scenes with not much going on would not necessarily be a good thing.
4848	Raven's Teeth	2013-06-02	I don't want Talisa to be a spy. There are enough people betraying Robb without his own wife joining in. It would be silly IMO. I would prefer she survives but is imprisoned by Roose, then later takes the place of "fake Arya" marrying Ramsay and eventually being rescued by Theon.
4849	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Try to remember how little important Robb and Cat stuff happened in the book prior to the events in this episode. Cat's chapters in ASoS didn't have much going on, and some of you seem to forget that. I also think the impact will be big, because the unsullied believe Robb's story is building up to something big, but then he's killed at a wedding. Having a lot of Robb/Cat scenes with not much going on would not necessarily be a good thing.Yeah. I agree. While there is some great stuff, halfway through CoK it seemed to me that Cat was downgraded to the woman who receives bad news, and who everyone ignores.
4850	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	Try to remember how little important Robb and Cat stuff happened in the book prior to the events in this episode. Cat's chapters in ASoS didn't have much going on, and some of you seem to forget that. I also think the impact will be big, because the unsullied believe Robb's story is building up to something big, but then he's killed at a wedding. Having a lot of Robb/Cat scenes with not much going on would not necessarily be a good thing.So are you trying to tell me that the invented material for KL was of importance? Pod's magical penis? Cersei/Tyrion completely out of character truce? I think it would have been much better to make up some well written scenes for Cat, especially since she comes back.
4851	Jory Cassel	2013-06-02	Although I don't care too much for the Series-Jeyne, I really hope that she and (especially) the Blackfish
escape in order to take up their storyline from the book.
(I don't believe she's pregnant, it would suck to have every hope for that possibility shattered by the series)
4852	Kasrith	2013-06-02	Ya the downplaying of the Starks at this point really is going to lift a lot of the impact of what could have been for today's episode
4853	Kasrith	2013-06-02	- i don't think they will show grey wind's head on robb's body.  it's an unspoken rule of hollywood - you don't show gruesome animal deaths.  people, sure, all you want, but not animals.  strange in a way.  but i think it would just disturb too many people and they would risk losing viewers.  probably we'll learn about it later when we hear tywin or tyrion talking about it.  or joff will gloat about it.  that little fucker.skinning rabits though, no prob
4854	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Ya the downplaying of the Starks at this point really is going to lift a lot of the impact of what could have been for today's episodeThe Starks haven't been downplayed that much. They even had more screentime in S2 then they did in the books. Whether you consider that material good is a different matter ofc.
4855	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	The Starks haven't been downplayed that much. They even had more screentime in S2 then they did in the books. Whether you consider that material good is a different matter ofc.I think he means they've been downplayed in season 3. And I would agree.
4856	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	So are you trying to tell me that the invented material for KL was of importance? Pod's magical penis? Cersei/Tyrion completely out of character truce? I think it would have been much better to make up some well written scenes for Cat, especially since she comes back.Pod's magical penis was pretty funny ... and I could for example say it's important to have more Pod since he becomes important in book 4. Ok, that scene was not necessary.Remember that we've already had Cat crying over Rickon and Bran + her father to Robb, crying about Rickon and Bran to the Blackfish, and crying about Jon Snow to Talisa, if all those scenes haven't made the viewers already feel sorry for Cat, then IMO more of them won't change a thing. We've also had some Robb scenes that wasn't in the books, in addition to the IMO awesome Karstark scenes with Robb that made my unsullied friend think Robb is badass and just. I'm not necessarily saying a couple more scenes, if done right, would be bad, I just think, based on the source material, many are making it bigger than it really is. I wasn't a huge Robb and Cat fan in the third book, but the RW is the one scene in all of entertainment that I'll never forget.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 12:46 PM.
4857	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	skinning rabits though, no probNot to mention that horse that got beheaded in S1, or the one that got its throat cut. I think generally you dont show gruesome dog deaths, because apparently they deserve special treatment.
4858	Janicia	2013-06-02	From Show Robb and Catelyn's perspective (if I remember correctly):
-Theon took over Winterfell a while ago, no news of whether Bran and Rickon were ok
-Bolton sent his bastard to recapture Winterfell
-No news from Bolton on how that is going
So I imagine when they all meet up at the Twins, Robb and Catelyn will ask Bolton about that whole situation.  By now, Bolton presumably knows that Theon lost Bran and Rickon.  I wonder if he'll tell Catelyn that Bran and Rickon are dead right before the wedding?
4859	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I just want to know what happens with pregnant Talisa and the Blackfish Tully.
They are the only new elements from the books.
4860	Sansa in the North	2013-06-02	I must be the only one, but I'm really really looking forward to seeing Roslin Frey. For some strange reason, I really love her.
Also, I already got the "server is too busy to handle your request" message... I'm betting this forum will go down an hour or so after the episode airs.
4861	Lady Arwen	2013-06-02	The one thing that's still bothering me a little is this notion that Cat doesn't know for certain whether Bran or Rickon are dead. In the books, she was 100% positive that they were dead (not missing) and this added to her pathos during the RW. Her belief that all her children were permanently lost to her made her death even more devastating.
4862	Lady Arwen	2013-06-02	I think they'll go for Grey Wind's head on Robb's body. I feel confident that D&D are aware of how vivid and memorable that image is, and they'll want to include it for maximal impact. There have been some gruesome animal deaths (i.e. Gregor beheading that horse in S1, as Joyful Union mentioned), so I believe that ship has already sailed and we'll see the Robb/Grey Wind hybrid. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Personally, I'm filled with trepidation. I keep nervously glancing at the clock. I'm as nervous as a maiden on her wedding night.
4863	Hodorbrah	2013-06-02	I think she will die with her wolf king.
4864	Loras	2013-06-02	With Arkhash on this one...
I think that Talisa will take Dacey Mormont's place.  I even think she will take an axe to the stomach.  A brutal way to ensure that there won't be a Stark heir.
4865	LilJonUmber	2013-06-02	- i don't think they will show grey wind's head on robb's body.  it's an unspoken rule of hollywood...I can't find the link, but I'm almost positive that I read that that's confirmed. My guess it that episode 10 will open with that gruesome image.
4866	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	The one thing that's still bothering me a little is this notion that Cat doesn't know for certain whether Bran or Rickon are dead. In the books, she was 100% positive that they were dead (not missing) and this added to her pathos during the RW. Her belief that all her children were permanently lost to her made her death even more devastating.I think they should have Robb talking some sense into her. It's really a ridiculous idea that they'd still be alive. Even if they know Hodor and Osha are missing too. I picture this: Robb is getting anxious thinking about the next battle. He knows that if they fail, Tywin's retribution will be enormous. He considers that they will need an heir that's already grown and ready to lead. He suggests Jon. They disagree. She tries to remind him that Bran and Rickon may still be alive. He points out that there's been no word of them (if Ramsay is named before this, it reveals the Bolton's treachery even more), and that it's improbable that they're alive. Bran can't wak, Hodor is a half-wit, Rickon is like 7, and Osha has no reason to be loyal to them. Then she concedes and delivers "show them how it feels blahblahblah"
4867	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Personally, I'm filled with trepidation. I keep nervously glancing at the clock. I'm as nervous as a maiden on her wedding night.I find that last statement very ironic /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4868	silentwanderer	2013-06-02	I'm really really looking forward to seeing Roslin Frey. For some strange reason, I really love her.I expect she'll be as lovely on the show as she is on the books.I also expect they finally reveal Ramsay's name.
4869	TMWNN	2013-06-02	Do you have a video camera, or a smartphone with camera? If watching the show with people you expect will freak out over RW, please join Operation WaW (Weeping and Wailing).
4870	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-02	I think they will show Robbwind. It's an image that may become iconic not only for this series but for all television. Moreover, I think they will show Grey Wind's death as well, maybe not that graphic because of budget limitations but if they showed the bear being hit by an arrow, they can do it with the direwolf (lots of arrows being fired mixed with the animal howling and quivering and I will stop here because I get sad...)
4871	go joff go	2013-06-02	I want Talisa to be a spy but for it to be only hinted at ambigously, for her to get injured and lose the preganancy, but to either be captured by Bolton to replace fake arya, or to be saved by blackfish.  Definitely don't want her to die
4872	Karmarni	2013-06-02	Hope the Blackfish lives, Cat kills Aegon, Grey Wind howls, the drums are frightening. Hope they show Arya's pathos, Sandor's ferocity, Edmure's happiness with Roslin and her apprehension knowing what's to happen. As for Talisa, don't like her modernity mainly and would like to see her die. But I'm betting she doesn't.
4873	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	I predict that it was a mistake for me to rewatch this scenehttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=JQW9lB_KbRgThe chills came now and the tears may come later.
4874	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I predict that it was a mistake for me to rewatch this scenehttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=JQW9lB_KbRgThe chills came now and the tears may come later.I'll be sure to show this scene to my friend after watching the episode, because, well /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />This won't make it any better:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3HJC7D8t1ts
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 02:07 PM.
4875	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	I'll be sure to show this scene to my friend after watching the episode, because, well /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />This won't make it any better:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3HJC7D8t1tsI'll save that one for the reveal of uncat. She is going to follow through on their promise.
4876	shiola	2013-06-02	A lot of people talk about the downplaying of the Starks in season 3.  While I also see it and do agree with it when I compare to their presence in the books, I know 3 nonreaders to whom I've mentioned the lack of Starks and none of them agree.  All 3 of them know and understand Cat and Robb.  Maybe my friends are just exceptions to the rule, but based on my experience I don't think nonreaders are so in the dark.  Cat is far and away my unsullied brother's favorite character, even.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 02:47 PM.
4877	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	A lot of people talk about the downplaying of the Starks in season 3.  While I also see it and do agree with it when I compare to their presence in the books, I know 3 nonreaders to whom I've mentioned the lack of Starks and none of them agree.  All 3 of them know and understand Cat and Robb.  Maybe my friends are just exceptions to the rule, but based on my experience I don't think nonreaders are so in the dark.  Cat is far and away my unsullied brother's favorite character, even.I agree. We've had three (maybe even more) scenes where Cat is sad and crying, if that isn't enough, nothing is. My classmates who watch the series think Robb is awesome and pretty badass after the Karstark beheading, and now they're looking forward to Casterly Rock. I think also that the Robb/Talisa relationship has been more fleshed out than in the books, where we only saw it through Catelyn's eyes. I'm not a huge fan of Talisa, but I'm convinced that Robb loves her, and I believe many unsullied will agree.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 02:54 PM.
4878	shiola	2013-06-02	skinning rabits though, no probSkinning wild rabbits to survive vs. killing a pet and maiming its body.  Yeah, totally comparable.
4879	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-02	A lot of people talk about the downplaying of the Starks in season 3.  While I also see it and do agree with it when I compare to their presence in the books, I know 3 nonreaders to whom I've mentioned the lack of Starks and none of them agree.  All 3 of them know and understand Cat and Robb.  Maybe my friends are just exceptions to the rule, but based on my experience I don't think nonreaders are so in the dark.  Cat is far and away my unsullied brother's favorite character, even.I specifically asked my friend about what was his perception of Robb's story and he completely got it right. They gave the Starks nearly the right time, since their story is relatively simple and nothing really important happens until know. Or what happens has been shown already.
4880	shiola	2013-06-02	I agree. We've had three (maybe even more) scenes where Cat is sad and crying, if that isn't enough, nothing is. My classmates who watch the series think Robb is awesome and pretty badass after the Karstark beheading, and now they're looking forward to Casterly Rock. I think also that the Robb/Talisa relationship has been more fleshed out than in the books, where we only saw it through Catelyn's eyes. I'm not a huge fan of Talisa, but I'm convinced that Robb loves her, and I believe many unsullied will agree.Exactly.  I asked my brother if he thought Talisa and Robb truly loved each other and he said of course they do, and that he'd never second guessed it.  I mean he's just one person but he's my view into the "typical" unsullied.  The unsullied on TWoP analyze everything.  Most unusllied, I feel, watch the show week to week and make predictions but don't analyze a hell of a lot.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 02:58 PM.
4881	nara	2013-06-02	After rob is killed a shot of Rains weeping over the deserted halls of winterfellLove this idea...My pessimistic prediction is that they'll completely flub the RW and have a wildly inappropriate song for closing credits.  There's been poor build up.  They've eliminated a lot of the development of Cat & Robb, including the part where their grief over Bran and Rickon caused them to do stupid things and all the people who support Robb.  I really hope that they prove me wrong...
4882	shiola	2013-06-02	Anyway, my take on the RW...Talisa is no spy and is killed.  It's possible she'll take Dacey's place in most regards-- dance with people then get shunned.  Cat comes over to investigate then all hell breaks loose.  But my personal vision is Talisa is dancing and is killed out of the blue-- no getting shunned and no Cat investigating.  I think that would have the most impact.  All is a bit awkward and tense but going well, and then Talisa is stabbed.  Definitely stabbed in the belly, too, given the whole pregnancy thing.Then the massacre of unnamed extras begins, with a clear shot of Walder Frey in the background grinning.The show doesn't seem to include fools, so I think Cat will take a hostage in the form of a random Frey son, or perhaps Walder's own wife since he killed Robb's.  But I don't see Cat killing another woman.  Not sure why, I just don't.A bit of begging, some disgusting remarks by Walder Frey, then enter Roose Bolton who excused himself earlier in the scene."Lannisters send their regards", sword in the heart, bam.  Cat screams and sobs and slits open the Frey's throat (I hope she really just saws into it and tears it up like in the books but wh oknows).  Someone comes up behind her and we see her face/neck as her throat is cut, then credits immediately.As much as her internal monologue made the whole scene come together in the books, I don't believe we'll get any of the "Ned, our sweet children" or "Ned loves my hair" in the show.  We might get "Ned, it hurts, make it stop" though-- that would work outloud, but I don't think the others will as much.  And I'm not sure about the face-clawing.  She'll definitely scratch herself up a bit on her face, but I don't think it will be as deep as it was in the books.As far as the "piece of prince", I hope they don't include it.  I never liked that in the books.  I think a bastard reveal would work this episode, along with Roose telling Cat that Bran/Rickon are for sure dead.I think episode 10 will open with Grey Wind's head on Robbs body, and the Freys laughing as they throw Cat's naked body into a river, in the rain.I don't know what Arya's place in this will be.  I don't foresee an Arya fakeout.  That'd be too much with the slaughter and the reveal, for the viewers.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 03:10 PM.
4883	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-06-02	There is some guy in IMDB, who has been proved to be legitime about spoilers because he watches the episodes before, posting the spoiler for the RW scene. I won't post it here, but it's there for you to watch in you can't wait five more hours /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4884	teemo	2013-06-02	I feel pretty confident they'll show Robbwind.  Probably not until episode ten though.
4885	shiola	2013-06-02	Also, I know this board will be down during/after the episode before I get a chance to watch it.  If anyone's doing a quick write up or play-by-play perhaps via tumblr or twitter or something else, I'd love to be able to see it.  I cant' watch it live (no HBO) and I NEED to know what happens before I see it.
4886	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	There is some guy in IMDB, who has been proved to be legitime about spoilers because he watches the episodes before, posting the spoiler for the RW scene. I won't post it here, but it's there for you to watch in you can't wait five more hours /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I trust that guy as much as I trust Walder Frey. He said that Roose is seen stabbing Robb in a downward motion, stabbing him in the stomach, but said later that when Robb is stabbed, we only see his face. Contradiction, anyone? If all he has said is proven right, I'll say my apologies.I feel pretty confident they'll show Robbwind.  Probably not until episode ten though.Yep. D&D are so huge fans of the RW that I doubt they'll just write that part out.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 03:15 PM.
4887	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	Also, I know this board will be down during/after the episode before I get a chance to watch it.  If anyone's doing a quick write up or play-by-play perhaps via tumblr or twitter or something else, I'd love to be able to see it.  I cant' watch it live (no HBO) and I NEED to know what happens before I see it.Go over to NeoGaf or Chud.com to see Unsullied's reactions right after the episode--you can also try TWoP, though I'm guessing that site will be up and down, as well.
4888	shiola	2013-06-02	My unsullied brother knows that there is an event called The Red Wedding, knows it's a game-changer, and knows it's tomorrow night.  He typed up a detailed prediction.  I want to post it here for you all to ponder over, since the "predictions" thread from episode 8 is kind of dead now, and you might get a kick out of it.Under spoiler tags for length.
	Spoiler (keep in mind all i know about the red wedding is that it is the definitive game-changing moment of the series, and that it happens tomorrow.)the wedding is clearly joffrey's and margaery's. there has been so much stuff setting that one up as being the red wedding.. that tyrion quote about "it will be quite a wedding" in episode 6, and it's also been built up SO much, so if you were like watching the series not knowing there was a red wedding, then this one is the perfect wedding to have be that one since they constantly hype up "joffrey and margaery's wedding." it's supposed to be the huge wedding.. and it will be but not in the way that is expected. i'm 100% on it being that one.i know i told you yesterday that i thought for sure margaery is going to be responsible for joffrey's death in some way. and i stand by it. there are two scenes that to me clearly show that.. in episode four (i think four), there's that scene where granny tyrell is talking to cersei and one of them comments on how their sons seem determined to lead themselves into the grave. right after that, in the same scene, margaery leads joffrey up to wave to a crowd.. and the music is SO ominous. like, the entire scene is shot in such a way that it looks like something awful is about to happen, with cersei coming at the two of them and being like 'no' and just the freaking music i mean listen to it.. margaery is leading joffrey to his death.then there's also that scene with the crossbow, maybe in episode three? where joffrey is cleaning it off and margaery holds it, and it shows the two of them looking into a mirror. when i first reached that scene i honestly thought she was about to kill him -- but now rewatching it i can see that it's setting up her killing him later. with the way she's pointing it at the mirror, it looks like she is aiming it at him, and then she has a line where she says "do you want to see me kill something?" thats' why i thought she was going to kill him when i first reached that scene.. and she will, just not yet. she and her grandma also seemed VERY unconcerned about the fact that joffrey was 'a monster' to sansa.. youd think margaery would care about that if she were planning on spending the rest of her life with him.. but she didn't, because she's not.so i'm definitely sold on Margaery Kills Joffrey. i don't know the specifics.. i think she could personally kill him, or i think she will incite a crowd to kill joffrey. either way i think it will bite her in the ass and she will die (though maybe not next episode).. this goes perfectly with bronn's line to tyrion about how if you try to spend all your time being well-liked or whatever, you'll be the most popular dead man there is.additionally, i believe granny tyrell will die. she has delivered two lines that also really serve to set up that wedding as the red wedding, telling tyrion that people need distractions and that w/o the wedding their distraction would consist of "tearing us to pieces", and in episode six she told tywin that some people would be mad enough to raise swords against both tyrells AND lannisters.. her getting both of those lines has not gone unnotticed by me.also, i think - shocker - TYRION will die! even though he seems like a character who won't die, he got that line about how it'll be quite a wedding, and he's the most popular character so "most popular dead man" could definitely be alluding to that.and to finish it up i'll go out on a limb and say that tywin is going to die. can't for the LIFE of me remember what it was, but something in the scene where granny tyrell snaps his quill was said that made me think he is definitely going to die. additionally, when cersei talked to margaery about rains of castemere, the obvious meaning is "Margaery is being too ambitious and it's going to fuck her over" since that is what cersei was saying.. but in reality i think it was going to say that the LANNISTERS are too ambitious, which obviously falls most heavily on tywin.. that scene where he says his plans for sansa and loras to marry tyrion and cersei is like the definition of overambition, because he thinks that if he does that hen he holds the key to the north, has the tyrells under total control.. he basically thinks that he is at the top of the ladder totally invincible, which in a practical sense he is, but i think that that's the perfect time for him to take a fall.. and with that and the death of tyrion (and maybe the death of cersei - margaery wants to be THE queen), the lannister house will fall just like the house in rains of castemere did. so it's ironic because cersei was trying to say "margaery u fukin urself over" but really she was just describing what her own fate is going to be.so yeah. margaery is either going to kill joffrey and then a crowd revolt breaks out, or margaery is going to try and incite a crowd to kill joffrey (i have in my mind a badass fantasized scene wherein there's a crowd of admirers and then margaery gives this huge speech about how joffrey is a total stupid shithead who didn't "defend" blackwater at all and then she tells the crowd to take up arms and kill him - this is just something i think WOULD be cool rather than a prediction necessarily), but then it backfires because crowds are hard to control -- either way we'll be getting margaery being responsible for the death of joffrey, and then a crowd revolt happens (i acknowledge the possibility that there is just a crowd revolt and margaery doesn't do anything bad-intentioned and simply led joffrey to his death unintentionally which is what that scene symbolized, but her 'want to see me kill something' line makes me tihnk that that won't happen.. but it could) during which granny tyrell DEFINITELY dies, tywin probably dies, tyrion probably dies, and i would not be surprised if cersei or margaery die... and with that many lannister casualties and potentially tyrell casualties, it's a huge game-changer because then nobody is on power, the door is opened, and depending on whether you're littlefinger or varys, we are left with nothing but either a chaotic ladder or an empty pit.

					
					
							Edited by shiola, 02 June 2013 - 03:20 PM.
4889	shiola	2013-06-02	Go over to NeoGaf or Chud.com to see Unsullied's reactions right after the episode--you can also try TWoP, though I'm guessing that site will be up and down, as well.Thank you!
4890	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	If Robbwind is not shown at the end of 9 or start of 10 I will be pissed.
					
					
							Edited by The Dublin Warrior, 02 June 2013 - 03:18 PM.
4891	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	I trust that guy as much as I trust Walder Frey. He said that Roose is seen stabbing Robb in a downward motion, stabbing him in the stomach, but said later that when Robb is stabbed, we only see his face. Contradiction, anyone? If all he has said is proven right, I'll say my apologies..I don't trust that guy, either, but I see no contradictions here.  If we're looking at Robb face-to-face and then we see Roose come up behind him--Roose says what he says, then lifts his arm and stabs downward and we still see Robb's face.
4892	ebevan91	2013-06-02	I trust that guy as much as I trust Walder Frey. He said that Roose is seen stabbing Robb in a downward motion, stabbing him in the stomach, but said later that when Robb is stabbed, we only see his face. Contradiction, anyone? If all he has said is proven right, I'll say my apologies.Yep. D&D are so huge fans of the RW that I doubt they'll just write that part out.Did he ever even describe what happens with other characters like Dany, Jon, Bran, etc.? All I ever saw was the stuff with the Red Wedding.
4893	teemo	2013-06-02	I trust that guy as much as I trust Walder Frey. He said that Roose is seen stabbing Robb in a downward motion, stabbing him in the stomach, but said later that when Robb is stabbed, we only see his face. Contradiction, anyone? If all he has said is proven right, I'll say my apologies.Yep. D&D are so huge fans of the RW that I doubt they'll just write that part out.He claims the first line in the episode is Cat Stark - "Are you sure about this?" which isn't in the trailers, if anyone's interested.
4894	franko99	2013-06-02	So are you trying to tell me that the invented material for KL was of importance? Pod's magical penis? Cersei/Tyrion completely out of character truce? I think it would have been much better to make up some well written scenes for Cat, especially since she comes back.I think that's because of the contract of the KL actors, doesn't Peter and Lena demands certain amount of screentime per season? I won't be surprised if Dance, Riggs and Natalie Dormer also have some of it. That's why we get scenes of Tyrion doing nothing, QoT meeting with everyone in KL, Cersei being good sister with Tyrion and already suspicious of Marg (which shouldn't happen yet in the story). This is the same problem with Dany last season, they have to give them time even if they don't have anything good to do.
4895	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Did he ever even describe what happens with other characters like Dany, Jon, Bran, etc.? All I ever saw was the stuff with the Red Wedding.(we better not discuss this for long, mods don't like)No, he didn't, which for me smells like a fraud. He pretty much retold the RW scene with some changes that are VERY likely to happen, but that will give him credibility in the eyes of people who haven't been spending a long time speculating. Guess we'll find out the truth in a matter of hours ...There is so much talk about the RW that I feel sorry for all the other scenes in the episode /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
4896	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	(we better not discuss this for long, mods don't like)No, he didn't, which for me smells like a fraud. He pretty much retold the RW scene with some changes that are VERY likely to happen, but that will give him credibility in the eyes of people who haven't been spending a long time speculating. Guess we'll find out the truth in a matter of hours ...There is so much talk about the RW that I feel sorry for all the other scenes in the episode /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />So true! I love Queenscrown, but If I had the choice I would fast forward to RW immediately, it's just to big a deal.
4897	shiola	2013-06-02	There is so much talk about the RW that I feel sorry for all the other scenes in the episode /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />That's why I think it should be like Blackwater, in a sense.  People won't remember those other scenes for the next few days so we'll need a damn good "Previously on" next week.  Buuuuut it being like a standard episode vs Blackwater ups the shock factor.
4898	Taroleon	2013-06-02	If Robbwind is not shown at the end of 9 or start of 10 I will be pissed.
	Spoiler What confirmed the <U+0080><U+009C>Red Wedding<U+0080><U+009D> for me was Mr Higgins revealing that [Imagine the Irish accent] <U+0080><U+009C>A massacre took place last night<U+0080><U+009D> and <U+0080><U+009C>major characters got their heads removed and sowed onto an ox.<U+0080><U+009D> I will admit I did laugh out loud at this point, obviously I explained what I thought it was.Most likely, the landowner saw the corpse of a direwolf but didn<U+0080><U+0099>t realize that<U+0080><U+0099>s what it was, not being a fan of the show. It<U+0080><U+0099>s also possible that they did use an ox to simulate the gruesome head-swapping of Robb and Grey Wind, and that the ox will be CGI-ed into a direwolf in post-production.
http://winteriscomin...rthern-ireland/
4899	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	That's why I think it should be like Blackwater, in a sense.  People won't remember those other scenes for the next few days so we'll need a damn good "Previously on" next week.  Buuuuut it being like a standard episode vs Blackwater ups the shock factor.Yeah, it would bee too unsettling for the unsullied if they spent an entire episode in Robb and Cat's company. I'd imagine it being a bit like the previous episode (I loved that the previous episode was focused on three locations), with all the stuff at the Twins taking a bit more of the screentime than all the KL scenes in the previous episode. Probably about 20-25 minutes of Robb and Cat, because they need time for Arya, Queenscrown and Daenerys, all important scenes (and some time for Sam and Gilly. GIVE ME COLDHANDS!). The wedding scene should be long, since if it starts, say 10-15 minutes before the episode ends, people will expect something else than the wedding happening the last couple of minutes, so they won't expect the big moment happening at the Twins. But hey, look, the scene goes on and on ... OH, GOD!I believe almost everything about this episode will be gold, even if they do some changes from the books.
4900	RalnsofCastamere	2013-06-02	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3HJC7D8t1ts
Gotta get my feels going.
4901	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	I think that's because of the contract of the KL actors, doesn't Peter and Lena demands certain amount of screentime per season? I won't be surprised if Dance, Riggs and Natalie Dormer also have some of it. That's why we get scenes of Tyrion doing nothing, QoT meeting with everyone in KL, Cersei being good sister with Tyrion and already suspicious of Marg (which shouldn't happen yet in the story). This is the same problem with Dany last season, they have to give them time even if they don't have anything good to do.Maybe, but I still don't see why their mandatory scenes can't at least be in character.
4902	teemo	2013-06-02	Maybe, but I still don't see why their mandatory scenes can't at least be in character.Right?  So many are random and seem like filler and it's quite annoying when there are so many characters.
4903	Honourable Ser	2013-06-02	To be honest, Ser Jorah wielding his sword once more is going to steal the entire episode; possibly the entire series.
4904	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	To be honest, Ser Jorah wielding his sword once more is going to steal the entire episode; possibly the entire series.Oh, don't be so sure, maybe Grey Worm doing some spearwork or Daario some naked lady sword and arakh stuff will steal his scene.
4905	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	Right?  So many are random and seem like filler and it's quite annoying when there are so many characters.Agreed. I would never understand what's the logical character progression going from "Cersei and Tyrion hate each other and threaten each other for 2 seasons" to "Cersei and Tyrion forget the threatening and bond over their sad destiny OST by Celine Dion". Or what Pod: The Magical Penis adds to the plot.
4906	Talbot	2013-06-02	To be honest, Ser Jorah wielding his sword once more is going to steal the entire episode; possibly the entire series.That's what I've been saying
4907	teemo	2013-06-02	Agreed. I would never understand what's the logical character progression going from "Cersei and Tyrion hate each other and threaten each other for 2 seasons" to "Cersei and Tyrion forget the threatening and bond over their sad destiny OST by Celine Dion". Or what Pod: The Magical Penis adds to the plot.Oh, I bet D&D could give you some long-winded response on how Pod's penis represents the conflict in Westerosi society or something.
4908	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Pod the magical penis adds to the plot by developing the relationship between Pod and Tyrion for later on. That was my immediate assumption.
Sex is what many men bond over. Not saying it's right or good or healthy, but it's true. If your desire is to get two male characters closer, drinking and bro-ing it out talking about sex is typically a realistic way of showing it. Now, I agree the scene with the whores didn't need to go on for as long as it did, nor did the little subplot need to take up as much time as it did. But completely unnecessary? I disagree. It just ate up more time than it needed to.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 02 June 2013 - 04:28 PM.
4909	ugashep	2013-06-02	Talisa is treacherous or is the lamest character in the history of the show.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 02 June 2013 - 04:38 PM.
4910	flinn	2013-06-02	Pod's magical penis was pretty funny ... and I could for example say it's important to have more Pod since he becomes important in book 4. Ok, that scene was not necessary.Remember that we've already had Cat crying over Rickon and Bran + her father to Robb, crying about Rickon and Bran to the Blackfish, and crying about Jon Snow to Talisa, if all those scenes haven't made the viewers already feel sorry for Cat, then IMO more of them won't change a thing. We've also had some Robb scenes that wasn't in the books, in addition to the IMO awesome Karstark scenes with Robb that made my unsullied friend think Robb is badass and just. I'm not necessarily saying a couple more scenes, if done right, would be bad, I just think, based on the source material, many are making it bigger than it really is. I wasn't a huge Robb and Cat fan in the third book, but the RW is the one scene in all of entertainment that I'll never forget. Interesting. I watch with 3 "unsullied" and all three groaned and called him a moron and an idiot. During the conversation with the Frey's, when Edmure was hesitating about the marriage, my friends were blasting Robb not Edmure. They kept saying, at the very least he should man up and apologize for putting him in that situation. They don't like Robb at all. "You have to marry someone you don't want to because I wanted to marry who I wanted..." They find him to be a hypocrit and an idiot. While they are Stark fans, they already have Robb written off. He isn't going to be the one to redeem, or get revenge.
4911	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-02	You can't spend an entire episode on a bunch of people that die, foregoing the rest of the story that actually occurs after tonight. Blackwater worked because basically no one dies of any import and it shapes events for the future. While the RW does shape events, it won't really until late S4 if not S5 so it's really a huge waste to take up that much time to show a massacre of characters.
4912	Autumn is Coming	2013-06-02	I like it!In fact, I think they should make it a running gag.  Whenever something bad happens to a Stark, Ned comes back to life to try to stop it only to fail and get killed again.This is the most perfect thing ever.Me right now: https://www.youtube....h?v=1vHRMeRszw4I seriously can't deal with anything at the moment. I'm just blasting Rains of Castamere in my room, stocking up on tissues and generally praying that it won't be so bad. We've got how many hours left? Three or something? Ugh. I'm not even a huge Stark fan, but this is just tearing at my feelings.
4913	Zarco	2013-06-02	3 hours left! I have been humming rains of castamere /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4914	Widows_Blood	2013-06-02	I predict that it was a mistake for me to rewatch this scenehttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=JQW9lB_KbRgThe chills came now and the tears may come later.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Zdyl7uYPRy0This is even sadder.
4915	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-02	Agreed. I would never understand what's the logical character progression going from "Cersei and Tyrion hate each other and threaten each other for 2 seasons" to "Cersei and Tyrion forget the threatening and bond over their sad destiny OST by Celine Dion". Or what Pod: The Magical Penis adds to the plot.I mean, they are still brother and sister. I've got three brothers (all of them younger) and three sisters (two older, and one younger), and now that we're mostly all adults (youngest brother is 16, oldest sister just turned 39), I can say that not everyone gets along and/or likes each other all the time. It's just the way families work, from my personal experience. But when there is some kind of family issue - big or small - all of that shit disappears for a little while and we work through it together. I'm not sure what's unrealistic or illogical about that, especially since their relationship isn't nearly as antagonistic as it is in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 02 June 2013 - 05:00 PM.
4916	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	From before the preview thread was closedHow many of you would be angry if the last shot of the episode is the version of Rains of Castamere from episode 7 with Tywin drinking red wine looking out of a window looking satisfied.I would die laughing.THAT IS MY PREDICTIONTYWIN LANNISTER FOR KING OF WESTEROS
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 02 June 2013 - 04:58 PM.
4917	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-02	Not to mention that horse that got beheaded in S1, or the one that got its throat cut. I think generally you dont show gruesome dog deaths, because apparently they deserve special treatment.ya, I should have said they don't show gruesome *pet* deaths.  animals used for food and transportation seem to be ok to kill onscreen.although the more arguments I've been reading, the more i think it is actually somewhat likely they will show the grey wind head thing.  so I'm preparing myself.
4918	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	I mean, they are still brother and sister. I've got three brothers (all of them younger) and two sisters (two older, and one younger), and now that we're mostly all adults (youngest brother is 16, oldest sister just turned 39), I can say that not everyone gets along and/or likes each other all the time. It's just the way families work, from my personal experience. But when there is some kind of family issue, all of that shit disappears for a little while and we work through it together. I'm not sure what's unrealistic or illogical about that, especially since their relationship isn't nearly as antagonistic as it is in the books.I beg to differ. Until this season their relationship was fairly antagonistic, not in the extreme and unreasonable way as it was in the books, but most definitely not like a normal family. The family situation you describe, to be honest has absolutely nothing to do with the relationship between the Lannisters neither in the books nor in the show. Unless you and your siblings threaten to kill each other on a regular basis and then pretend it never happened.Going from Cersei torturing fake-Shae and Tyrion threatening her to take revenge, to "oh well, we're still siblings after all" it's not logical character growth in my eyes.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 02 June 2013 - 05:07 PM.
4919	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	This may be the last time I get to write this with before he gets found by the crossbow GPS.
THE KING IN THE NORTH!!! THE KING IN THE NORTH!!! THE KING IN THE NORTH!!!
4920	Tom son of Tom	2013-06-02	I have chills just thinking about what's coming. 3 more hours!
4921	Annie Ansible	2013-06-02	To be honest, Ser Jorah wielding his sword once more is going to steal the entire episode; possibly the entire series.Yes.From before the preview thread was closedTHAT IS MY PREDICTIONTYWIN LANNISTER FOR KING OF WESTEROSYes.
4922	Magic 8 Ball	2013-06-02	Tonight's closing credits music confirmed to be 
"I'm walking on Sunshine" re-made by Gloria Estefan and the Miami Sound Machine.
4923	Filleted Man	2013-06-02	Love this idea...My pessimistic prediction is that they'll completely flub the RW and have a wildly inappropriate song for closing credits.  There's been poor build up.  They've eliminated a lot of the development of Cat & Robb, including the part where their grief over Bran and Rickon caused them to do stupid things and all the people who support Robb.  I really hope that they prove me wrong...I suggested the rains over Winterfell idea a while ago and every told me it was stupid.I wanted to make a big deal of timing everything to Rains of Castamere and have that shots of a storm over Winterfell match up with "and now the rains weep o'er his halls"
4924	Ser Luke.	2013-06-02	The main thing I'm hoping is that Talisa dies during the Wedding, without any stupid crap like "oh, she was a spy" 
I'd rather she just die, along with Robb, Catelyn and Wendel.
That could possibly greatly detract from the episode. 
I also hope Blackfish isn't killed, as he still has a decent part to play, at least in the fourth book.
I also hope Theon IS NOT there.
4925	Chuck88	2013-06-02	The main thing I'm hoping is that Talisa dies during the Wedding, without any stupid crap like "oh, she was a spy"I'd rather she just die, along with Robb, Catelyn and Wendel.That could possibly greatly detract from the episode.I also hope Blackfish isn't killed, as he still has a decent part to play, at least in the fourth book.I also hope Theon IS NOT there.Agree with all this. Especially the Talisa point. I bear her character no ill will whatsoever but to have her be revealed as a spy would undermine everything that the RW and arguably the series going forward is all about .I think it would be interesting if Theon was there but I would prefer not.Anyone else inexplicably worried that Jorah won't survive this episode? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4926	Lady Arwen	2013-06-02	This is the most perfect thing ever.Me right now: https://www.youtube....h?v=1vHRMeRszw4I seriously can't deal with anything at the moment. I'm just blasting Rains of Castamere in my room, stocking up on tissues and generally praying that it won't be so bad. We've got how many hours left? Three or something? Ugh. I'm not even a huge Stark fan, but this is just tearing at my feelings. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This. I tried to do some work just now. Stared at a book blankly for fifteen minutes. Then got back on here. Mused at length about how it's raining heavily here and how perfect that is. Stocked up on wine and tissues for my guests. Still haven't done any work.
4927	teemo	2013-06-02	TALISA NEEDS TO DIE FIRST.  In the stomach.  Get hurt tfo of the way to make room for important people.
4928	The Lady Raven	2013-06-02	This. Some things have been really good this season, but the lack of Robb and Cat has been baffling given what's going to happen; the more we see of them, the more we suffer when they go. So yeah, I don't get it either, especially given the fact that Robb/Cat's scenes were supplanted by a lot of nothing in KL. Go figure.My expectations are high too, though. I want it to be as heartbreaking and raw as it was in the books. And Talisa needs to go. This is why my crackpot theory of the season is that Cat doesn't die yet... "Not today" style.
4929	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	This is why my crackpot theory of the season is that Cat doesn't die yet... "Not today" style.Catelyn better die today or egg is on the face of every book reader who has hyped this event beyond belief.
4930	teemo	2013-06-02	If they change anything major like Cat lives or the Blackfish dies or the focus is on Talisa and Robb (exhibit a: this disgusting thing I found on tumblr: http://static.comicv...143-500-600.png) I don't know....just don't know.  I doubt any of that will happen, except quite possibly too much focus on Talisa.  Serious worry.
4931	The Lady Raven	2013-06-02	Following on this Stark-triotic feeling that is running through my veins, I feel the need to join my fellow members in saying
KING IN THE NORTH! KING IN THE NORTH! KING IN THE NORTH!!!!!!!!
4932	teemo	2013-06-02	Following on this Stark-triotic feeling that is running through my veins, I feel the need to join my fellow members in sayingKING IN THE NORTH! KING IN THE NORTH! KING IN THE NORTH!!!!!!!! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />!!!!!!!
4933	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	This is why my crackpot theory of the season is that Cat doesn't die yet... "Not today" style.Ha ha, can you imagine the anger? It would be insane. Would the internet even contain it? My own rage would probably be enough to break the internet forever.
4934	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-02	I beg to differ. Until this season their relationship was fairly antagonistic, not in the extreme and unreasonable way as it was in the books, but most definitely not like a normal family. The family situation you describe, to be honest has absolutely nothing to do with the relationship between the Lannisters neither in the books nor in the show. Unless you and your siblings threaten to kill each other on a regular basis and then pretend it never happened.Going from Cersei torturing fake-Shae and Tyrion threatening her to take revenge, to "oh well, we're still siblings after all" it's not logical character growth in my eyes.Whatever you say, but I think you're just looking for something to complain about. Neither Tyrion nor Cersei threaten to kill each other "on a regular basis", and the exact reason that Tyrion was visiting Varys in the fourth episode was because he wanted to get to the bottom of what happened during the battle of the Blackwater. They had a scene together after that where he confronted her about it and came to realize that Joffrey had set it up, in case you forgot about that. And during their very first scene this season, Tyrion grabbed an axe before permitting Cersei into his room. You're leaving out these minor details (i.e. entire scenes) that explain exactly how the two characters got to the scene you've taken an issue with. In fact, have either one of them ever threatened to have the other outright killed on the show? Except for the line Cersei gave to Tyrion about 'Ned Stark having a piece of paper...' and Tyrion telling Cersei that he will 'hurt [her] for this' in regards to the scene you mentioned, I don't think they have. And in any case, you're over-simplifying human nature to an absurd degree when you say that people can't hate each other passionately one minute and find common ground the next. Is it logical? Not really, but sort of... Cersei and Tyrion have both been shown to be incredibly complex (if a tad self-destructive) individuals. They also have a lot in common, and I'm sure they realize that as well. Again, you're over-simplifying the situation and making it out like they were best friends all of a sudden, instead of two people who have grown up together, who know each other very well, and who have both been put in a similar situation by their father - who else, exactly, are they going to turn to? I'm not sure how there is anything "illogical" about that, and if there is, then I'd say the entirety of humanity has - at one point or another - been guilty of not exhibiting "logical character growth".
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 02 June 2013 - 06:08 PM.
4935	teemo	2013-06-02	Ha ha, can you imagine the anger? It would be insane. Would the internet even contain it? My own rage would probably be enough to break the internet forever.Yeah D&D might need to worry about their safety if they do that (not by me!!).  There would be such an outcry that it would just be ridiculous.
4936	morgan1028	2013-06-02	my predictions:  a piece of prince... Roose is a loyal lord, right?  Bran and Rickon are dead... cue the massacre...    cat will tear her face, some Frey says : she is mad, make an end...  and now the rains..  I have tissues, and beer.  My unsullied hubby... well, he loves the lannisters
4937	nara	2013-06-02	I suggested the rains over Winterfell idea a while ago and every told me it was stupid.I wanted to make a big deal of timing everything to Rains of Castamere and have that shots of a storm over Winterfell match up with "and now the rains weep o'er his halls"you were ahead of your time.
4938	morgan1028	2013-06-02	although, he thinks Jaime is a douche... and Theon is getting what he deserves.. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  He loves Tywin.... that says it all I think.... sorry double post..
4939	Talbot	2013-06-02	Thinking about it, this episode should be pretty awesome, even outside of the RW.
Can't wait to see how they show Queenscrown, hopefully Summer does his thing.
4940	SeventySeven	2013-06-02	Whatever you say, but I think you're just looking for something to complain about.Honestly, the moment you write this you lose me. You're just dismissing my point by telling me that I'm looking for something to complain about- and apparently not only with me since I've seen you doing it with quite a few posters. I'm happy to debate, I wouldn't be on a message board otherwise, but this is rude, and I'm not interested in rude.
4941	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-02	@ Everyone who is saying they're predicting a massive failure - Are you still going to watch it though?
4942	Aegnor	2013-06-02	I'm predicting... that westeros.org will be crushed by the flood of traffic after the episode and I don't think it will recover for a few days. EVERYONE will want to talk about this episode.
4943	nara	2013-06-02	@ Everyone who is saying they're predicting a massive failure - Are you still going to watch it though?yes.  and I will come on here and admit it if I'm wrong.
4944	Khal-a-bunga	2013-06-02	Honestly, the moment you write this you lose me. You're just dismissing my point by telling me that I'm looking for something to complain about- and apparently not only with me since I've seen you doing it with quite a few posters. I'm happy to debate, I wouldn't be on a message board otherwise, but this is rude, and I'm not interested in rude.Except I didn't dismiss your point; I responded to it in detail, and those same details are the reason I had to assume that you were just looking for something to complain about. You seemed to ignore entire scenes between these two characters in order to make your point.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 02 June 2013 - 06:57 PM.
4945	morgan1028	2013-06-02	no one ever responds to my posts...  and I thought I had an outlet for my obsession... oh well
4946	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-02	yes.  and I will come on here and admit it if I'm wrong.I am guessing there is absolutely nothing they could do to possibly make you enjoy it if you are clearly already invested in the idea it will be rubbish.
4947	victim	2013-06-02	Thinking about it, this episode should be pretty awesome, even outside of the RW.Can't wait to see how they show Queenscrown, hopefully Summer does his thing.And Shaggydog should help out some too. Those Wildlings are gonna get massacred.
4948	TheGreenBell	2013-06-02	this episode should be EPIC, i mean, it should be, right?
4949	Bastard of Boston	2013-06-02	I've been waiting for tonight for 2 years. And, suddenly I feel like I'm not ready. In through my nose, out through my mouth. Whoooooo...
4950	Lady Arwen	2013-06-02	I've been waiting for tonight for 2 years. And, suddenly I feel like I'm not ready. In through my nose, out through my mouth. Whoooooo...I totally agree. I feel funny in my stomach.
4951	superdeluxe	2013-06-02	I don't want talisa to be a spy or die (dying while preggers is just cheap emotional ploy that is needed).  I either want her captured or escape with BF
4952	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	I don't want talisa to be a spy or die (dying while preggers is just cheap emotional ploy that is needed).  I either want her captured or escape with BFBF is going to die. I reckon it's pretty certain at this point.The only way out I can imagine is if he dives into the river, but why would he be outside?
4953	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-02	BF is going to die. I reckon it's pretty certain at this point.The only way out I can imagine is if he dives into the river, but why would he be outside?Lol there are literally thousands of ways he  could survive
4954	alexislalas	2013-06-02	I don't know, BUT I'M SO EXCITED ABOUT TODAY'S EPISODE!!!!
The RW has been one of my favorite and most shocking chapters in the books. Can't wait to see how they adapt it.
4955	WolframTarant	2013-06-02	I'm feeling a bit queasy
4956	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Lol there are literally thousands of ways he  could surviveLike what? I mean, he's definitely going to the Wedding, and there is mass slaughter. He could be captured I suppose. But then, why keep him alive if he's a captive and won't be able to fulfill his Riverrun material?
4957	Tony Soprano	2013-06-02	I predict the forum will crash in half an hour.
					
					
							Edited by Alex Baratheon, 02 June 2013 - 07:39 PM.
4958	briantw	2013-06-02	Definitely no Robb with Grey Wind's head tonight.  I have to assume that the episode will end with Cat dying, which means no time for that.  I do think it will open episode ten, though.  I can just imagine the tenth episode opening on a shot of Grey Wind's head, then slowly pulling back to reveal that it has been sewn on Robb's body and the Freys are celebrating with a feast in honor of their "King."
4959	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-06-02	I am actually nervous about watching this episode. I have been dreading it all day.
4960	WinterKing	2013-06-02	I predict the forum will crash in half an hour.I agree.
4961	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	I would just like to point out that, here in southwestern Connecticut, thunder and lightning just started.
Bloody hell.
4962	The Lady Raven	2013-06-02	I know this is a really cheesy post, but I can't resist paying my last respects to two of my favourite characters, which sadly, I will no longer watch.....
In honour of Lady Catelyn Stark, the Good, Wise, Strong; widdow of Lord Eddard Stark, daughter of the late Lord Hoster Tully. Mother to Lord Robb Stark, the King in the North, Lady Sansa the Fair, Lady Arya the Brave, Bran the Greenseer and Rickon the Wild. Step-mother to Jon Snow, the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch; who risked her life twice to save two of her sons, and when faced with the death of her first-born, did not fail to take her revenge.
And in honour of Lord Robb Stark (the Young Wolf), King in the North; rightful Lord of Winterfell, rightful Warden of the North. Beloved by his people for being fair, kind and honourable. Son of the late Lord Eddard Stark and Lady Catelyn Tully. He made his parents proud. Master of Grey Wind, a direwolf. Won every battle other than that with Death. Married to Lady Jeyne Westerling, of an old and proud house. May or maynot have left an heir.
Thanks
4963	Shehzad Ghias Shaikh	2013-06-02	I am actually nervous about watching this episode. I have been dreading it all day.I have already started crying at rickon being separated
4964	nara	2013-06-02	I have already started crying at rickon being separatedSame hereyes.  and I will come on here and admit it if I'm wrong.I stand corrected.  I thought they killed it--no pun intended!
4965	Antonious Stark	2013-06-02	Tears... That's all I can say now
4966	FuriousGeorge	2013-06-03	Like what? I mean, he's definitely going to the Wedding, and there is mass slaughter. He could be captured I suppose. But then, why keep him alive if he's a captive and won't be able to fulfill his Riverrun material?I was literally going to reply to this saying 'I dno maybe he goes for a piss or something just as it kicks off' - so gutted I didn't
4967	SeventySeven	2013-06-03	Except I didn't dismiss your point; I responded to it in detail, and those same details are the reason I had to assume that you were just looking for something to complain about. You seemed to ignore entire scenes between these two characters in order to make your point.Seriously? Telling me "whatever I write is just to complain over nothing" is dismissing my point. Not to mention when you call my view "absurd". You really need to polish your etiquette tbqh or else, at least for me, it's difficult to take you seriously.As for me ignoring some scenes, I don't think I did. When I say that Cersei and Tyrion threaten to kill each other on a regular basis, it's an hyperbole to mean that their relationship has been so far based on two people who really would like to get rid of each other. They hate each other with a passion, and they show it very often, either by working against each other, gloating over the other's failures, insulting each other, threatening, etc. There has been very little understanding between them so far, or even willingness to go there. Their hatred is what makes the relationship and it's important to the plot going forward, too. Watching people bonding illogically like it could potentially happen in RL, frankly doesn't interest me one bit. I want to watch good storytelling in a good story from a series of books I've read way before watching the show, and for me having those two bonding over their shared disgraces is 1- uninteresting 2- it felt like a scene that had to be there just to give the actors something. It felt out of place.Furthermore, for as many things I like in the show and there are many, I'm not on board with the way show Cersei is depicted this season. She bores me and she's nothing like her book counterpart. Making villains into woobies is a cheap trick, and one that in this case doesn't sit down well with me.
4968	teemo	2013-06-03	oops
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 03 June 2013 - 06:03 AM.
4969	Pinkie Baelish	2013-06-03	To be honest, I need to stop predicting things about the show. Half of my predictions end up being wrong anyways and I just risk being disappointed. The Unsullied are usually wrong when they think they know what's going to happen, but it seems these days that the book readers are just as wrong as well /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4970	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-03	ok so I was basically wrong about everything. 
hope we at least get the Ramsay reveal next week, or else what was it all for?
4971	Stag Country	2013-06-03	Next week will probably show the a scene showing a distinction between what happens to the bodies of the Young Wolf and the future Ms. Stoneheart so that viewers won't be confused later.The rest will probably just be reactions to it, except for Dany. Dany will enter Yunkai and do something overly dramatic with freeing the slace.I think Balon will die off screen.Tyrion and Tywin will talk the Red Wedding details.Joffery will probably find out about the first note there and laugh about it to Sansa....just to drive that knife into the viewers a bit deeper.Episode probably ends with Sam/Gilly and Bran's group neat the Nightfort...perhaps.I'm not sure if we'll see Theon again this season.
4972	Derek of House Stark	2013-06-03	I gave it a 9 of 10. It was really good. Many touching moments like Bran and Rickon. That was so wonderfull and so sad. What I did not like was the Danaerys arc in this episode. I do not know, but it somehow did not fit in this episode. Maybe the makers should have showed in the last episode.
4973	tmug	2013-06-04	Great fight scenes with Jon/Bran and Jorah. Not many mentioning those highlights
and did i mention Hodor?!
Apparently they play the same 3 songs at weddings and feasts in Westeros. The same music was played at Sansa's wedding and the Kings feast at Winterfell in Episode 1. The other song was the Bear and the Maiden Fair.
Did they leave it for us to speculate forever about the Blackfish's outcome? What was the whole point of his introduction if it was just to go piss on a tree to end it? What was the deal with his hooded cloak in the wedding hall?
4974	Rashtibram	2013-05-21	https://www.youtube....h?v=69FD2bp71E4I noticed there was no 'preview' thread last week, so I decided to make one this week. Well, there it is, analyse away /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />From the looks of it, it looks like we'll get the Red Wedding (obviously), but also Queenscrown and the beginning of the battle of Yunkai. It also looks like Arya will feature prominently in this episode, which makes sense cause she was a big part of the RW. But what about the Robb and Cat scene at the beginning?
4975	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-21	Yeah there wasn't....because mine didn't get approved.... but c'est la vie.
4976	Ambria	2013-05-21	"I'll put a sword through your eye and fuck your skull"
4977	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-21	The scene at the beginning with Robb and Cat was the scene many expected to be in last week's episode...but they were wrong.
Who wants to bet that the aerial shot we have of Jon with his sword out then shielding himself with his arm is Orell's hawk attacking him??
Jorah and Grey Worm go into Yunkai through what they hope to be a secret or at least non-descript passage. But they get attacked and we get a cool skirmish scene.
They are hiding the RW pretty well, not even a mention of the Twins.
4978	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-21	Yeah there wasn't....because mine didn't get approved.... but c'est la vie.I tried to make one too /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm kind of curious if we really get to see some fighting in Yunkai, at least from Jorah we will, but i thought the battle would be episode 10 Oo
4979	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-21	AND if you pause it at the right moment at the 0:27 mark you see a quick shot of Jon shoulder checking Ygritte as she draws her bow....saving someone in the process?
4980	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-21	I'm kind of curious if we really get to see some fighting in Yunkai, at least from Jorah we will, but i thought the battle would be episode 10 OoI think the battle will be in 10 but Jorah and Grey Worm seem to be going on a scouting trip into the city to explore its weaknesses. No huge battle I don't think.
4981	Rashtibram	2013-05-21	The scene at the beginning with Robb and Cat was the scene many expected to be in last week's episode...but they were wrong.Who wants to bet that the aerial shot we have of Jon with his sword out then shielding himself with his arm is Orell's hawk attacking him??Jorah and Grey Worm go into Yunkai through what they hope to be a secret or at least non-descript passage. But they get attacked and we get a cool skirmish scene.They are hiding the RW pretty well, not even a mention of the Twins.Eagle /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Queenscrown: Jon refuses to kill old man, Orell attacks him with eagle, Ygritte shoots Orell, Summer kills everybody. Robb and Cat... more red herring build up. I've told my unsullied friends Robb's arc is really important right now, and they think it's cause of the plan to attack CR. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />They have made it clear that the wedding will happen this episode, though.I guess we might have the beginning of the Battle of Yunkai this ep... not sure though, that might just be a skirmish.
4982	ebevan91	2013-05-21	Eagle /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Queenscrown: Jon refuses to kill old man, Orell attacks him with eagle, Ygritte shoots Orell, Summer kills everybodyI don't recall from ASoS, but did Bran actually see Jon through Summer or was Summer acting on his/her own?It would be badass for Bran to actually see Jon and save him through Summer.
4983	Rashtibram	2013-05-21	I don't recall from ASoS, but did Bran actually see Jon through Summer or was Summer acting on his/her own?It would be badass for Bran to actually see Jon and save him through Summer.Bran was being Summer, we just don't have it from his point of view. There's a shot in the preview though (about 0:28) where his eyes go up into the back of his head, so I assume that will be him warging into Summer, which will be a big development as it hasn't happened yet. Queenscrown's gonna look like the event of the episode from an Unsullied perspective, though... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
4984	ebevan91	2013-05-21	I'm almost looking forward to Queenscrown more than I am the Red Wedding.
It was such a heartbreaking moment in the book. I felt like I wanted to cry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
The Red Wedding was just shocking.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 21 May 2013 - 10:30 AM.
4985	Rashtibram	2013-05-21	I'm almost looking forward to Queenscrown more than I am the Red Wedding.It was such a heartbreaking moment in the book. I felt like I wanted to cry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />The Red Wedding was just shocking.I imagine it will be really well done, though, and I'm looking forward to seeing my Unsullied's reactions. Btw, what's the shot at 0:30 in the preview which has two naked guys surrounded by armored guys holding banners? RW? Or something else?
4986	ebevan91	2013-05-21	It looks like some happy Tully soldiers having a grand old time at their Lord's wedding /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
That looks like the Tully sigil in the background.
4987	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Always informative to include the "Previously on" recap here as well as it often fills in the blanks of what will happen in the episode that the promo sometimes doesn't fully cover:https://www.youtube....h?v=Ej0Cy2_yOfYAs you can see, we'll also be visiting with Sam again in addition to the storylines mentioned.  Best guess is the intro of Coldhands since we know from previous trailers that in the finale Sam will meet up with Bran.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 21 May 2013 - 10:36 AM.
4988	ebevan91	2013-05-21	Someone elsewhere brought up that the camera focused on the face in the weirdwood tree before Sam and Gilly went in that cabin.
Like the Old Gods were watching over Sam at the time and sent the ravens to warn him. So I do think those ravens were Coldhands's ravens and we'll see them save Sam and Gilly once again. Hopefully in this episode.
4989	Talbot	2013-05-21	Regarding Queenscrown; I think Jon ends up killing Orell, as we've seen a clip of the two sword-fighting in one of the trailers. I think the shot of Jon checking Ygritte is him stopping her from shooting Summer. Orell will warg his eagle in death and attack Jon.
I'm realllllyyyyy looking forward to seeing Jorah/Grey Worm fighting in Yunkai. We haven't seen Dany's bear "get wild" so to speak in a while.
4990	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Based on what we've been shown from the promo, here's my best guess of how Queenscrown will go:
On the way there, the Wildlings will see a NW man and want to kill him. Jon will object, Tormund will tell him that killing crows is what they do.  Ygritte will try and peg the NW guy off with an arrow and Jon will bump her at the last second.  The man will continue on unaware (or maybe Orell or Tormund will kill him).  They'll be pissed and mistrustful of Jon so once they get to Queenscrown and find the old man, they'll tell Jon to kill him to prove himself.  Jon won't go through with it, Summer/Bran will show up to cause chaos, Jon will decide to bolt and he'll get in the altercation with Orell and have the eagle attack him which gives him the scars on his face. Jon will kill Orell.  And I'm guessing Ygritte will also wound him with an arrow on his escape too just like in the books.
On Bran's side, we see that Rickon is with him inside the tower in one of the promo shots so Osha/Rickon have not split yet.  However, they do include the scene of Osha swearing that she won't go back across the Wall in the recap so it may be that after the chaos, they do get separated or she decides to say "Fuck it" and take off with Rickon afterwards.  Bran definitely wargs into Summer which is him "discovering a new gift" as it states in the episode synopsis.
4991	Arya2ndFace	2013-05-21	looks like Rickon is still with Bran at Queenscrown. When is HBO going to split them up and send Rickon on his way to Skagos in order to fulfill the later needs of the books? perhaps they will split when Bran continues his pursuit of the 3EC beyond the wall?
4992	ebevan91	2013-05-21	I think they'll split up when they reach the Wall.
4993	King Tommen	2013-05-21	looks like Rickon is still with Bran at Queenscrown. When is HBO going to split them up and send Rickon on his way to Skagos in order to fulfill the later needs of the books? perhaps they will split when Bran continues his pursuit of the 3EC beyond the wall?In the quick shot in a S3 trailer of Sam coming from under the Nightfort to talk to Bran (which would presumably be the final Bran scene of this season), you can see Bran there with the Reeds and Hodor but Osha and Rickon are not.  So they'll be splitting up either right after Queenscrown in E9 or at the start of E10.
4994	Juan_Snow	2013-05-21	looks like Rickon is still with Bran at Queenscrown. When is HBO going to split them up and send Rickon on his way to Skagos in order to fulfill the later needs of the books? perhaps they will split when Bran continues his pursuit of the 3EC beyond the wall?That would be my guess.  I think they will end Bran's story for season 3 with him and Rickon splitting up.
4995	pntrlqst	2013-05-21	Osha will realize Mance is going through with his plan to attack Castle Black, so she'll decide not to take the boys there. They'll make a compromise that she gets to take Rickon since it is not his destiny to go beyond the wall.
4996	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-05-21	Osha will realize Mance is going through with his plan to attack Castle Black, so she'll decide not to take the boys there. They'll make a compromise that she gets to take Rickon since it is not his destiny to go beyond the wall. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />In the preview Bran says "For all we know Castle Black is already under attack". That's when Osha and Rickon are gonna split. She has already mentioned that she doesn't want to back north and the wildlings south of the wall will be the reason she needs.And she will probably say something like:"If you want to go on this mad search i can't stop you, but i will keep Rickon safe"
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 21 May 2013 - 11:27 AM.
4997	Mr. Wiggles	2013-05-21	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />In the preview Bran says "For all we know Castle Black is already under attack". That's when Osha and Rickon are gonna split. She has already mentioned that she doesn't want to back north and the wildlings south of the wall will be the reason she needs.And she will probably say something like:"If you want to go on this mad search i can't stop you, but i will keep Rickon safe"Makes sense to me.  They planted a seed in the previous episode (E07) that Osha has a grudge against Meera, and of course a backstory that means she will not go north of the wall ever again.  But with the limited time they will have, I'm guessing Bran's screen time in E09 will probably be limited to his first intentional warging at Queenscrown, leaving the split for E10.  That will be an emotional scene for viewers and keep them interested in Season 4's arrival.
					
					
							Edited by Mr. Wiggles, 21 May 2013 - 11:31 AM.
4998	Words of Winter	2013-05-21	I imagine it will be really well done, though, and I'm looking forward to seeing my Unsullied's reactions. Btw, what's the shot at 0:30 in the preview which has two naked guys surrounded by armored guys holding banners? RW? Or something else?My guess is that it is the slaughter in the party tents outside of the RW.
4999	Whoresbane Umber	2013-05-21	Who else thought that the red wedding would be the whole episode like the blackwater.
5000	Targaryen Kaiser	2013-05-21	Who else thought that the red wedding would be the whole episode like the blackwater.Not me. Not only there's no enough content to do that but it would be a total giveaway as well.The episode seems to be so full of content that I assume it will be the best one of the whole series. I can't wait. I am watching the preview every time I spent some time on my pc.
5001	FullMoonHowl	2013-05-21	Who else thought that the red wedding would be the whole episode like the blackwater.No, there's would of been no reason for this as well, non-book readers would probably suspect something if they focused on it for such a period of time.
5002	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-21	Who else thought that the red wedding would be the whole episode like the blackwater.My guess is it will be the most prevalent storyline however they aren't giving anything away in the sneak peak - Although Queenscrow is a lot to cover as well so I'm really hoping RW isn't "watered down" to everything occuring so fast there isn't time for the feelings of uneasiness leading up to the chaos.Ideally it's done in 3 segments and probably takes up a good 25 minutes of the show.. 1st would probably be Robb & Cat's talk early on.. 2nd would be a relavively  long scene w/ arriving and meeting with Walder Frey along with Roose and the other bannermen with Edmure's bride I'd imagine being introduced as well .. 3rd will probably skip right to the moment before the mayhem unfolds but I hope it's a good 10-minute scene with a lot of build-up to Edmure being taken off for the "bedding" (that clip in the promo gave me a really eerie feeling - it looked just like it did in my head while reading it)I'd imagine Yunkaii will cover two scenes as well but they don't really have to be long scenes as from the looks of it it's just Dany meeting with Jorah/Daario/Grey Worm to discuss a plan and the 2nd being a skirmish.Not sure why they're throwing Sam into the episode - thought Coldhands would be a great way to close out the season but it'll likely be some big battle for the Daenerys fans (which is fine by me of course all of that stuff has been really entertaining regardless of whether or not it's my favorite storyline)No idea how they'll do QC or how much screen time they'll give it - could be very likely this one goes over 60-minutes like episode 10 last season.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys Must Die, 21 May 2013 - 04:54 PM.
5003	Lady Arwen	2013-05-21	Did anyone else see a quick shot of Bran with warg-eyes?EDIT: Oops. Bran was being Summer, we just don't have it from his point of view. There's a shot in the preview though (about 0:28) where his eyes go up into the back of his head, so I assume that will be him warging into Summer, which will be a big development as it hasn't happened yet. Queenscrown's gonna look like the event of the episode from an Unsullied perspective, though... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Good. Hopefully, my sweet Brannykins will finally get to do something cool.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Arwen, 21 May 2013 - 05:23 PM.
5004	King Tommen	2013-05-21	My guess is it will be the most prevalent storyline however they aren't giving anything away in the sneak peak - Although Queenscrow is a lot to cover as well so I'm really hoping RW isn't "watered down" to everything occuring so fast there isn't time for the feelings of uneasiness leading up to the chaos.Ideally it's done in 3 segments and probably takes up a good 25 minutes of the show.. 1st would probably be Robb & Cat's talk early on.. 2nd would be a relavively  long scene w/ arriving and meeting with Walder Frey along with Roose and the other bannermen with Edmure's bride I'd imagine being introduced as well .. 3rd will probably skip right to the moment before the mayhem unfolds but I hope it's a good 10-minute scene with a lot of build-up to Edmure being taken off for the "bedding" (that clip in the promo gave me a really eerie feeling - it looked just like it did in my head while reading it)I'd imagine Yunkaii will cover two scenes as well but they don't really have to be long scenes as from the looks of it it's just Dany meeting with Jorah/Daario/Grey Worm to discuss a plan and the 2nd being a skirmish.Not sure why they're throwing Sam into the episode - thought Coldhands would be a great way to close out the season but it'll likely be some big battle for the Daenerys fans (which is fine by me of course all of that stuff has been really entertaining regardless of whether or not it's my favorite storyline)No idea how they'll do QC or how much screen time they'll give it - could be very likely this one goes over 60-minutes like episode 10 last season.I agree pretty well on the time devoted to the RW.  In terms of the episode structure, I could see them treating the episode in a very similar manner to their regular structure with flipping through the various stories as per usual (including the pre-RW stuff with Robb and Cat and arriving at the Twins).  And then, around the 3/4 hour mark, we'll hit the RW and stay there for the remainder of the episode.  I've seen this done on other shows (Six Feet Under comes to mind) when there is a big important event they want to shock you with and it's a very effective technique.The audience is used to a certain kind of rhythm with their episodes (whether it's consciously or sub-consciously) when you have alternating storylines you visit 5 minutes here and then 5 minutes there, rinse and repeat.  You can lull them into this rhythm for a larger chunk of the episode but when you arrive on Robb's story and then don't break away as you normally would, it creates even more tension as you are almost subconsciously unnerving the audience by not continuing with the rhythm you've set up for them. It doubles up on whatever tension and suspense you've got building in the scene as it stands.Having an entire episode dedicated to the RW sounds good in theory but in practice, there's not enough material to last an episode and you'd ruin the suspense.  This technique will be far more effective, trust me.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 21 May 2013 - 05:35 PM.
5005	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-21	^ Interesting point King Tommen.. that could well be how it plays out and I'd prefer it that way (3 visits to the same storyline would also feel a bit jumpy and you could also have Arya/Hound stuff in the same sequence since they are at the Twins by then)
5006	kevin1989	2013-05-21	Always informative to include the "Previously on" recap here as well as it often fills in the blanks of what will happen in the episode that the promo sometimes doesn't fully cover:https://www.youtube....h?v=Ej0Cy2_yOfYAs you can see, we'll also be visiting with Sam again in addition to the storylines mentioned.  Best guess is the intro of Coldhands since we know from previous trailers that in the finale Sam will meet up with Bran.Which trailer because I thought it first because of this forum but after rewatching every trailer I didn't see them meeting.
5007	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Which trailer because I thought it first because of this forum but after rewatching every trailer I didn't see them meeting.https://www.youtube....h?v=p4iljcuzjG8look at 1:13.  Quick shot of a big ball of fur (which is Sam's cloak) coming up the well at the Nightfort startling Bran and crew.  Note that you have Bran, Hodor and the Reeds but no Osha or Rickon.  So that means that between now and then, Sam meets Coldhands and Osha and Rickon split.  Knowing that the recap shows all of the Sam the Slayer scene and then closes with the ravens coming towards the screen, I would bet a million internet dollars on Coldhands being intro'd in E9.
5008	kevin1989	2013-05-21	https://www.youtube....h?v=p4iljcuzjG8look at 1:13.  Quick shot of a big ball of fur (which is Sam's cloak) coming up the well at the Nightfort startling Bran and crew.  Note that you have Bran, Hodor and the Reeds but no Osha or Rickon.  So that means that between now and then, Sam meets Coldhands and Osha and Rickon split.  Knowing that the recap shows all of the Sam the Slayer scene and then closes with the ravens coming towards the screen, I would bet a million internet dollars on Coldhands being intro'd in E9.Nice. Great ending for his story. Only thing is, what for season 4 for Bran and Sam? That means that Sam will be at the battle of the wall.
5009	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-21	I agree pretty well on the time devoted to the RW.  In terms of the episode structure, I could see them treating the episode in a very similar manner to their regular structure with flipping through the various stories as per usual (including the pre-RW stuff with Robb and Cat and arriving at the Twins).  And then, around the 3/4 hour mark, we'll hit the RW and stay there for the remainder of the episode.  I've seen this done on other shows (Six Feet Under comes to mind) when there is a big important event they want to shock you with and it's a very effective technique.That would be perfect.
5010	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Nice. Great ending for his story. Only thing is, what for season 4 for Bran and Sam? That means that Sam will be at the battle of the wall.I think the battle at the Wall will be delayed until later in S4.  There is an audition clip circulated on WiC for S4 which is for Styr (Magnar of Thenn) who I kind of assumed had just been cut since he wasn't introduced this season going over the Wall with Jon.  By the dialogue in the audition tape, he's talking to Tormund and Ygritte and it's addressing the fact that they got screwed over by Jon and that Orell had been killed.  Then they talk about regrouping and attacking Castle Black.  So I'm guessing that they'll start S4 with the Wildlings meeting up with another group of reinforcements and working on an attack for later.  When D&D talked about the Battle at the Wall in S4, they said it would be near the end of the season and more expensive and on a bigger scale than Blackwater.  I think the whole conflict between the Wildlings and the NW at the Wall (including the attack from the Wildlings from the South where Ygritte dies as well as the ongoing siege from Mance's forces afterwards) will be spread out over a number of episodes until Stannis' arrival near the climax of the season.As for Bran, I imagine that he won't get a ton of screen time in S4 and they'll probably dig into his ADwD material and put him on the road to the Three Eyed Raven.  I could certainly see them doing the same thing they did with Jaime in S2 and have him appear in only like 2-3 episodes.
5011	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Can someone refresh my memory and explain how exactly Dany took Yunkai? I keep getting it mixed up with Meereen.  I'm trying to figure out exactly what Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm are doing in the fight scenes.  Is it a more covert mission for them to open the gates or is this the actual start of a battle?
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 21 May 2013 - 09:10 PM.
5012	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-21	Can someone refresh my memory and explain how exactly Dany took Yunkai? I keep getting it mixed up with Meereen.  I'm trying to figure out exactly what Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm are doing in the fight scenes.  Is it a more covert mission for them to open the gates or is this the actual start of a battle?From my memory, she gave a wagon full of wine over to the Second Sons, lead by Mero. As they were stinking drunk, she sent her army to take the city by force. A battle was fought, with the aid of the Stormcrows, and it was a resounding victory.
5013	Arkash	2013-05-21	Queenscrown: Jon refuses to kill old man, Orell attacks him with eagle, Ygritte shoots Orell, Summer kills everybody."You humans are so annoying."
5014	Warden of the North121	2013-05-21	who is the guy the Hound punches in the face at 0:31 in the promo?
5015	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-21	I think they will show Balon dying and show Yara at the funeral or whatever. It could be a really short scene. Bannen's funeral was short, it would only need to be a little bit longer to show her saying she thinks her brother is dead and now her father is too. I think they will do this because it serves many purposes.
It reveals to the less attentive viewers that it's definitely not Balon holding Theon for messing up at Winterfell.
It starts the iron islands succession storyline a bit
It gets people worried that maybe Melisandre's curse was real.
But then they will show a short king's landing scene (remember, some scenes are not always previewed in the "last time" clips, especially if they're short) where Joffrey is alive and well. That will get the viewers fears to go away and say that "okay, it was just a freak accident/assassination."
So they will not know if Robb is safe or not. They also don't know if Melisandre really did curse them all or if it was just a magic trick. Which is totally in line with her character.
5016	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-21	I think they will show Balon dying and show Yara at the funeral or whatever. It could be a really short scene. Bannen's funeral was short, it would only need to be a little bit longer to show her saying she thinks her brother is dead and now her father is too. I think they will do this because it serves many purposes.It reveals to the less attentive viewers that it's definitely not Balon holding Theon for messing up at Winterfell.It starts the iron islands succession storyline a bitIt gets people worried that maybe Melisandre's curse was real.But then they will show a short king's landing scene (remember, some scenes are not always previewed in the "last time" clips, especially if they're short) where Joffrey is alive and well. That will get the viewers fears to go away and say that "okay, it was just a freak accident/assassination."So they will not know if Robb is safe or not. They also don't know if Melisandre really did curse them all or if it was just a magic trick. Which is totally in line with her character.Pretty sure Asha/Yara will be in episode 10Not sure if they'll show Balon's death or not (wouldn't take much screen time since all he does is fall off a bridge..)I get what you mean in terms of tying it together with Mel's leeches and what not but there's far too much in this episode for Pyke to feature .. we've already got another Sam/Gilly scene from the looks of it though I imagine that could be a quick one of them on the run with the flock of ravens following them (and perhaps someone else) but if CH is in this season I'd like to meet him in episode 10
5017	mystikherb	2013-05-21	Pretty sure Asha/Yara will be in episode 10Not sure if they'll show Balon's death or not (wouldn't take much screen time since all he does is fall off a bridge..)I get what you mean in terms of tying it together with Mel's leeches and what not but there's far too much in this episode for Pyke to feature .. we've already got another Sam/Gilly scene from the looks of it though I imagine that could be a quick one of them on the run with the flock of ravens following them (and perhaps someone else) but if CH is in this season I'd like to meet him in episode 10Yeah I feel like they'll definitely have the Greyjoy stuff going on in episode 10.  As far as Balon goes, I don't think they'll actually show the death.  Probably just the aftermath, ergo the scene with Yara.That's what I was originally thinking about CH too, but I was unaware of the brief scene in the season 3 trailer that shows Sam popping up on Bran and the Reeds. Being aware of that now has changed my opinion on what will happen.Now I believe that Sam is going to run into CH in episode 9.  That way, in episode 10, he can appear to Bran the same way as in the books and lead him to CH.
					
					
							Edited by mystikherb, 21 May 2013 - 11:44 PM.
5018	Breaking Bronn	2013-05-22	Dany - Daario shows Jorah a path, skirmish with Yunkish guards
Arya - Hound kills someone and raids their wagon, RW
Robb - Speaks with Cat about future campaign and possibly Sansa/Tyrion wedding, RW
Jon - Queenscrown. Kills Orell and runs from Wildlings, getting shot by Ygritte on way out.
Bran - Night's King story? Wargs Summer to save Jon. Osha and Rickon leave.
Sam - Ravens lead the duo to Coldhands/Nightfort
SEASON FINALE
Iron Islands - Balon funeral with Yara
Dany - Battle of Yunkai (if not in ep 9), Mhysa scene
Arya - RW reaction with Hound
Robb - Quick shot of his new wolf body
Jon - Arrival at Castle Black: "The Wildlings are coming! The Wildlings are coming!"
Bran - Nightfort, opening the Black Gate
Sam - Nightfort
Jaime - Comforts Brienne over RW news at a stop in the road
Theon - Ramsay reveal, RW reaction
Stannis - Davos' "2 is not 3"
King's Landing - Lannister victory gathering, Tywin tells Joff off, Tyrion tells Sansa about her family
Vale - LF arrives: "Oh, Petyr!"
5019	thewalkindude19	2013-05-22	SEASON FINALEIron Islands - Balon funeral with YaraDany - Battle of Yunkai (if not in ep 9), Mhysa sceneArya - RW reaction with HoundRobb - Quick shot of his new wolf bodyJon - Arrival at Castle Black: "The Wildlings are coming! The Wildlings are coming!"Bran - Nightfort, opening the Black GateSam - NightfortJaime - Comforts Brienne over RW news at a stop in the roadTheon - Ramsay reveal, RW reactionStannis - Davos' "2 is not 3"King's Landing - Lannister victory gathering, Tywin tells Joff off, Tyrion tells Sansa about her familyVale - LF arrives: "Oh, Petyr!"That's a pretty crowded episode! I agree that this is the only logical place for the Eyrie scenes to show up. I also wonder if that scene of Grand Maester Pycelle talking to Tywin while the latter is fishing will be in the finale, or whether that scene got cut...
5020	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-22	The Tywin/Joffrey scene will include Ice broken down into 2 swords.
Also there will be a Sansa reaction scene to the RW, also she runs into Dontos who promises her freedom and gives here a purple hairnet.
5021	Dragonstoned	2013-05-22	I also wonder if that scene of Grand Maester Pycelle talking to Tywin while the latter is fishing will be in the finale, or whether that scene got cut...Completely forgot about that scene, if it's not cut then either in ep9 as foreshadowing, or the final as anteshadowing (is that a word?), hopefully it's next episode.
5022	Arkash	2013-05-22	I can see Balon's death being the opening of episode 10...
I was so sure Tywin's arc in episode 10 would be legitimazing Ramsay and seing Joffrey naming Loras to the KG... but completely forgot about the fishing scene... o
5023	kevin1989	2013-05-22	I think the battle at the Wall will be delayed until later in S4.  There is an audition clip circulated on WiC for S4 which is for Styr (Magnar of Thenn) who I kind of assumed had just been cut since he wasn't introduced this season going over the Wall with Jon.  By the dialogue in the audition tape, he's talking to Tormund and Ygritte and it's addressing the fact that they got screwed over by Jon and that Orell had been killed.  Then they talk about regrouping and attacking Castle Black.  So I'm guessing that they'll start S4 with the Wildlings meeting up with another group of reinforcements and working on an attack for later.  When D&D talked about the Battle at the Wall in S4, they said it would be near the end of the season and more expensive and on a bigger scale than Blackwater.  I think the whole conflict between the Wildlings and the NW at the Wall (including the attack from the Wildlings from the South where Ygritte dies as well as the ongoing siege from Mance's forces afterwards) will be spread out over a number of episodes until Stannis' arrival near the climax of the season.As for Bran, I imagine that he won't get a ton of screen time in S4 and they'll probably dig into his ADwD material and put him on the road to the Three Eyed Raven.  I could certainly see them doing the same thing they did with Jaime in S2 and have him appear in only like 2-3 episodes.Yes, I hope the same as this season. One episode where he meets with Coldhands. One episode to explain who coldhands is. An episode where he's attack by wights or something. Then the season can end with Bran meeting with the 3-eyed raven. Or even extremer. Let that wait for season 5 and let season 4 be about being a warg and the dreams. About the battle, that's nice. But I mean in the books Sam just arived at the Wall just after Stannis saved the day. That means that they need to think about something for Sam before ariving at the wall. Or he is present at the battle.
5024	ebevan91	2013-05-22	lol @ the comments made by book readers on Youtube about Robb's battle at Casterly Rock happening in episode 10 or in season 4.
5025	freetickles	2013-05-22	Balon's death will definitely be after the RW. I think the reason they switched the order of the leeches is that now they will actually die in the order Stannis said their names.
5026	ShigellaSand	2013-05-22	So we're seeing all the Starks except Sansa, plus Sam and Dany. I picture a break-down something like this: First a check-in with the three "Big Ones" that could be expected to possibly come to a climax in this episode - Robb&Cat, Dany, Jon. Then a Bran segment, then more Robb and Cat. Segments with Arya and Sam. Queenscrown with Jon and Bran almost meeting. More Dany. Then RW.
5027	ebevan91	2013-05-22	^That is pretty much my exact prediction that I posted elsewhere a couple of days ago. Except I think I had the final bit with Dany happening BEFORE Jon and Bran almost meeting.
5028	ShigellaSand	2013-05-22	Yeah, that'd work too. Or you could switch the early Bran/Arya/Sam segments around some. But begin and end with those three, I think.
5029	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-22	lol @ the comments made by book readers on Youtube about Robb's battle at Casterly Rock happening in episode 10 or in season 4.I think us book readers should start a movement going around on youtube and making up bizarre shit and claiming it's what actually happened. Fight trolling with trolling, I say.
5030	mystikherb	2013-05-22	I think us book readers should start a movement going around on youtube and making up bizarre shit and claiming it's what actually happened. Fight trolling with trolling, I say.Second.
5031	ebevan91	2013-05-22	Lol, yeah.
"Uhh did you read the same book as I did? Robb went to Winterfell BEFORE Casterly Rock to take it back from the Ironborn"
5032	theriveryeti	2013-05-22	Anyone think the wildlings want Jon to kill a crow, instead of the innocent bystander old man?
5033	drayrock	2013-05-22	I really hope they include the scene about the will.
5034	ebevan91	2013-05-22	Anyone think the wildlings want Jon to kill a crow, instead of the innocent bystander old man?Maybe the old man will be a crow?
5035	The Mighty Conch	2013-05-22	Maybe the old man will be a crow?I thought it was obvious it was a crow. from Tormund saying "killing crows is what we do"... So I think it will be an older crow who Jon thinks "he's not a threat"
5036	Targaryen Kaiser	2013-05-22	lol @ the comments made by book readers on Youtube about Robb's battle at Casterly Rock happening in episode 10 or in season 4.I did the same to my close unsullied friends days ago. I said to them that I heard no news about filming any big battle was this year so we should expect the siege of Casterly Rock the next season.  Moreover, I teased them a bit by saying "there's something unique in that siege" that I'm looking forward to see how the directors will manage to do "it".I'm looking forward to their reactions. I hope they will eventually forgive me after that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5037	mystikherb	2013-05-22	I did the same to my close unsullied friends days ago. I said to them that I heard no news about filming any big battle was this year so we should expect the siege of Casterly Rock the next season.  Moreover, I teased them a bit by saying "there's something unique in that siege" that I'm looking forward to see how the directors will manage to do "it".I'm looking forward to their reactions. I hope they will eventually forgive me after that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Harshhh. XD  Good luck to them.
5038	Montey14	2013-05-22	I imagine it will be really well done, though, and I'm looking forward to seeing my Unsullied's reactions. Btw, what's the shot at 0:30 in the preview which has two naked guys surrounded by armored guys holding banners? RW? Or something else?from the looks of it ...I would guess it's the bedding scene.....we all know what comes directly after the bedding....
5039	Dragonstoned	2013-05-23	I did the same to my close unsullied friends days ago. I said to them that I heard no news about filming any big battle was this year so we should expect the siege of Casterly Rock the next season.  Moreover, I teased them a bit by saying "there's something unique in that siege" that I'm looking forward to see how the directors will manage to do "it".I'm looking forward to their reactions. I hope they will eventually forgive me after that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />You horrible bastard! One of my friends has heard of the 'Red Wedding' but thinks it's when the Lannisters get revenge on the Tyrells for their initial alliance with Renly.  He was bricking it through Tyrion and Sansa's wedding last episode and I told him he has to wait a while before seeing the Lannisters get that revenge...
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 23 May 2013 - 07:06 AM.
5040	Khal Jordy	2013-05-23	Really hope they give The Starks enough time and that the will scene will be included. I don't understand why the include Yunkai/Dany scenes. They could better stick to the Red Wedding/Queenscrown/Samwell/Bran scenes and develop the RW more. This ep should revolve around the North, D&D did the North so much injustice already
5041	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-23	Someone elsewhere brought up that the camera focused on the face in the weirdwood tree before Sam and Gilly went in that cabin.Like the Old Gods were watching over Sam at the time and sent the ravens to warn him. So I do think those ravens were Coldhands's ravens and we'll see them save Sam and Gilly once again. Hopefully in this episode.I sure hope so. Coldhands, to me, is a very interesting character. A wight that fights against other wights. Plus, if he's in, if the weirwood was watching, if those ravens were there to help, that means Bloodraven is involved and won't be cut like so many have speculated. To me, Bloodraven is the most interesting character in all of asoiaf and I would hate to see him cut from the show.
					
					
							Edited by RottenAppleFossoway, 23 May 2013 - 08:19 AM.
5042	lostinwesteros	2013-05-23	"I'll put a sword through your eye and fuck your skull"Doesn't she say, "I'm gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull"?  I'm almost as excited about Ep. 9 as I was about the start of Season 3.  Coldhands AND Queenscrown AND the RW....!ETA:  And the ravens!  I completely missed their connection to the Weirwood face we saw and to the coming of CH.  Thanks, posters!
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 23 May 2013 - 08:42 AM.
5043	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-23	Doesn't she say, "I'm gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull"?  I'm almost as excited about Ep. 9 as I was about the start of Season 3.  Coldhands AND Queenscrown AND the RW....!ETA:  And the ravens!  I completely missed their connection to the Weirwood face we saw and to the coming of CH.  Thanks, posters!Those ravens are definitely connected to Bloodraven and if the hypothesis that Coldhands is simply a vessel (possibly, of Bloodraven himself), then it makes some sense to replace Coldhands by the ravens. At least, they might do it temporarily, until Bran crosses the wall.
5044	Calidad	2013-05-23	I sure hope so. Coldhands, to me, is a very interesting character. A wight that fights against other wights. Plus, if he's in, if the weirwood was watching, if those ravens were there to help, that means Bloodraven is involved and won't be cut like so many have speculated. To me, Bloodraven is the most interesting character in all of asoiaf and I would hate to see him cut from the show.I'm not advocating any future decision to cut him, but I have to say the whole Bloodraven + Bran turn into a tree thing is probably the least interesting element of the whole ASOIAF story. Bran's arc has been incredibly underwhelming for me in the last couple of books.
					
					
							Edited by Calidad, 23 May 2013 - 08:50 AM.
5045	Tone	2013-05-23	I'm not advocating any future decision to cut him, but I have to say the whole Bloodraven + Bran turn into a tree thing is probably the least interesting element of the whole ASOIAF story. Bran's arc has been incredibly underwhelming for me in the last couple of books.I have to agree. Bran's were some of my favorite chapters early on and I always thought he had big things in his future in Westeros. Was definitely underwhelmed with the whole Weirwood internet thing and hope he doesn't just turn into the next Bloodraven. I always wanted to see him come back as Lord of Winterfell and have a big impact in Westeros.
5046	Lord Bronn of Sunspear	2013-05-23	I have to agree. Bran's were some of my favorite chapters early on and I always thought he had big things in his future in Westeros. Was definitely underwhelmed with the whole Weirwood internet thing and hope he doesn't just turn into the next Bloodraven. I always wanted to see him come back as Lord of Winterfell and have a big impact in Westeros.Of course this would be awesome. But it seems like his place is with BR. Besides, when does Martin ever give us what we want?
5047	RottenAppleFossoway	2013-05-23	I'm not denying that Bran's chapters in ADWD did get quite boring, crossing the north beyond the wall, Jojen's incessant whining and that not much happened really.
 But the reveal of the CoTF and Bloodraven himself, all plugged in to that tree, and that he's actually Ser Brynden Rivers and has been connected to many of the events throughout the past 150 years or so of westeros, in my opinion was great. Brynden Rivers, to me, is a fascinating historical figure in the context of ASOIF. 
 To each his/her own. I dig him.
 I also liked the whole 'the moon was a sliver" chapter when Bran plugged in himself. Thought the writing was interesting.
5048	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-23	I agree pretty well on the time devoted to the RW.  In terms of the episode structure, I could see them treating the episode in a very similar manner to their regular structure with flipping through the various stories as per usual (including the pre-RW stuff with Robb and Cat and arriving at the Twins).  And then, around the 3/4 hour mark, we'll hit the RW and stay there for the remainder of the episode.  I've seen this done on other shows (Six Feet Under comes to mind) when there is a big important event they want to shock you with and it's a very effective technique.The audience is used to a certain kind of rhythm with their episodes (whether it's consciously or sub-consciously) when you have alternating storylines you visit 5 minutes here and then 5 minutes there, rinse and repeat.  You can lull them into this rhythm for a larger chunk of the episode but when you arrive on Robb's story and then don't break away as you normally would, it creates even more tension as you are almost subconsciously unnerving the audience by not continuing with the rhythm you've set up for them. It doubles up on whatever tension and suspense you've got building in the scene as it stands.Having an entire episode dedicated to the RW sounds good in theory but in practice, there's not enough material to last an episode and you'd ruin the suspense.  This technique will be far more effective, trust me.This makes a lot of sense to me. Balances the need to devote screentime to one of the story's biggest events with the need to not telegraph what's coming. And I agree that changes to the "usual" pacing can help create feelings of tension and unease.
5049	Dragonstoned	2013-05-23	The audience is used to a certain kind of rhythm with their episodes (whether it's consciously or sub-consciously) when you have alternating storylines you visit 5 minutes here and then 5 minutes there, rinse and repeat.  You can lull them into this rhythm for a larger chunk of the episode but when you arrive on Robb's story and then don't break away as you normally would, it creates even more tension as you are almost subconsciously unnerving the audience by not continuing with the rhythm you've set up for them. It doubles up on whatever tension and suspense you've got building in the scene as it stands.Word.  Especially as what they're not breaking away from.appears to be a harmless situation with people just having fun and talking while waiting for the wedding to be over.
5050	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-23	Balon's death will definitely be after the RW. I think the reason they switched the order of the leeches is that now they will actually die in the order Stannis said their names.I think so too. We don't lose any significant moments by having Robb die first. And Balon's death could really telegraph Robb's, IMO. My Unsullied friends could tell that the leech scene held some importance.
5051	Dragonstoned	2013-05-23	I think so too. We don't lose any significant moments by having Robb die first. And Balon's death could really telegraph Robb's, IMO. My Unsullied friends could tell that the leech scene held some importance.On the other hand, if he'd said the names out in the order of Balon, Joffrey then Robb (have Robb's last like in the book, with a sort of hesitation beforehand) and Balon had died first, everyone would be expecting Joffrey to go next so the timing of Robb's death would have been a surprise.  Not sure why neither Martin nor D&D did that!
5052	protar	2013-05-23	Personally I thought Bran's ADWD chapters where his most interesting in the entire series. He really isn't doing all that much throughout the first 3 books, with occasional peaks in interest like Queenscrown and Theon taking Winterfell. Meeting the 3EC himself and fighting through an army of wights to get there was pretty damn exciting if you ask me.
5053	King Tommen	2013-05-23	On the other hand, if he'd said the names out in the order of Balon, Joffrey then Robb (have Robb's last like in the book, with a sort of hesitation beforehand) and Balon had died first, everyone would be expecting Joffrey to go next so the timing of Robb's death would have been a surprise.  Not sure why neither Martin nor D&D did that!I think it's fine to telegraph Joffrey's death (which will certainly be the case after Balon dies). First off, the majority of the audience not only are desperate to have Joff die, they expect him to. The only questions are when and how.  The leeches don't give you any answers to those questions outside of "probably soon" for the when.  This helps build the anticipation for Season 4 and as so many have mentioned, gives the audience some hope after taking another gut punch from further Stark deaths.No one in the audience really gives a shit about Balon because he's barely appeared on the show but his death will be a strong indication that the leeches are prophetic and that they won't need to wait a whole lot longer to see the big villain go down.  That's important.
5054	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-23	Personally I thought Bran's ADWD chapters where his most interesting in the entire series. He really isn't doing all that much throughout the first 3 books, with occasional peaks in interest like Queenscrown and Theon taking Winterfell. Meeting the 3EC himself and fighting through an army of wights to get there was pretty damn exciting if you ask me.Definitely agree. Plus there's only like 3 of them and we finally get to see what's up with this 3EC after essentially 5 books of waiting. Plus the whole vibe of his chapters had be thinking "Is Bran going to a totally evil place (anti-human) or a good place (pro-human)."
5055	Xasthur	2013-05-23	Am I the only one who is a little bit disappointed that they had so much fillers in the last couple of episodes that we get one overpacked episode now??
Plus, it think the attack of Ygritte's team on Castle Black and her death should have been in 9 or 10, there is still enough stuff for season 4 for Jon (Mance's attack, Stannis arrival, LC, Slynt + Thorn).
And Dany in there... I mean, if you cut from one location in the North to another location back and forth, I'm fine with that, but everytime you cut to another continent and basicly to another world, the cut should be more... reasoned.
					
					
							Edited by Xasthur, 23 May 2013 - 02:24 PM.
5056	Bastard Walder	2013-05-23	I hope there's no Tyrion. He's been in every episode this season despite having nothing to do.
5057	Tone	2013-05-23	What?? You mean you don't want to see another scene of Shae being all psycho jealous?
I'm hoping for more scenes following up on Podrick's crazy sex adventures, personally.
5058	Arkash	2013-05-23	I'm hoping for at least two episodes per season with a break from King's Landing !
5059	ebevan91	2013-05-23	I doubt that'll happen especially next season since KL is going to be playing a huge part.
Jaime will be back, Brienne will be there for a little while, Cersei's still there, Tyrion still has some time there, and of course Sansa will be there for a little while longer as well.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 23 May 2013 - 03:32 PM.
5060	Xasthur	2013-05-23	Well timeline-wise Jamie has to arrive in KL at least in episode 1 of season 4. That causes a problem. Jamie hears of Joffrey's death at the gates of KL, and has no chance to speak to Tyrion until the famous prison-dialogue.
Since the PW will be arround episode 3-5 or something, they have to stretch Jamie's travelouge a bit. Not looking forward to that
5061	Dysun	2013-05-23	Personally I thought Bran's ADWD chapters where his most interesting in the entire series. He really isn't doing all that much throughout the first 3 books, with occasional peaks in interest like Queenscrown and Theon taking Winterfell. Meeting the 3EC himself and fighting through an army of wights to get there was pretty damn exciting if you ask me.Agree, how anyone thought those 4 chapters were boring is puzzling to me. It revealed alot of the mystery and lore behind Ancient Westeros and Bran eating Jojen paste and his battle in the snow with wights and Coldhands is the highlight of the book for me.
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 23 May 2013 - 03:43 PM.
5062	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-23	Personally I thought Bran's ADWD chapters where his most interesting in the entire series. He really isn't doing all that much throughout the first 3 books, with occasional peaks in interest like Queenscrown and Theon taking Winterfell. Meeting the 3EC himself and fighting through an army of wights to get there was pretty damn exciting if you ask me.Yeah, while I thought his journey from Winterfell was dull in the books(and on the show), his meeting BR is fascinating. For the first time in a while(maybe ever?), Bran will have some of the best story material on the show.
					
					
							Edited by King in the North Carolina, 23 May 2013 - 04:11 PM.
5063	go joff go	2013-05-23	I figure Jaimie last scenes is going to be some kind of Far shot where he can see King's landing but isn't there yet.
5064	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-23	Well timeline-wise Jamie has to arrive in KL at least in episode 1 of season 4. That causes a problem. Jamie hears of Joffrey's death at the gates of KL, and has no chance to speak to Tyrion until the famous prison-dialogue.Since the PW will be arround episode 3-5 or something, they have to stretch Jamie's travelouge a bit. Not looking forward to thatNoone knows when the PW will be. It could be Episode 1 of season 4 for all we know. There's enough reason for it to be so, starts the season with a bang, it deals with an event that everyone knows is gonna happen, and the arrival of Mace and Red Viper, could arouse people's suspicions.On the other hand, i'd like it to be delayed, but seeing as they need to get Jaime to KL, i can see it being a very early mark to the new series, seeing as Dany's season will be a little slow, the Battle on the Wall will be the main event of the latter half, and there will be new characters to fit in around the middle (Greyjoys etc)I guess we'll have to wait and see. The fact that George R R Martin's written episode 2 already makes me want to believe that it will be significant.
5065	King Tommen	2013-05-23	I would not be surprised at all if the PW occurs as early as E2 next season. Based on all of the things they need to cover off in the season, it could be no later than E4.  E3 splits the difference and is my best guess.
5066	King of the Road	2013-05-23	Well timeline-wise Jamie has to arrive in KL at least in episode 1 of season 4. That causes a problem. Jamie hears of Joffrey's death at the gates of KL, and has no chance to speak to Tyrion until the famous prison-dialogue.Since the PW will be arround episode 3-5 or something, they have to stretch Jamie's travelouge a bit. Not looking forward to thatI believe the PW is in Episode 2 since GRRM is writing that one. There's also no reason as to why Jaime shouldn't be there, it's not going to alter the entire plot.
5067	Arkash	2013-05-23	Well... Sansa is still there as of the PW... so it messes a little bit the storyline of Brienne if her and Jaime come back before the events...
5068	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-23	Well... Sansa is still there as of the PW... so it messes a little bit the storyline of Brienne if her and Jaime come back before the events...Exactly. People will be like "dude what the hell Jaime, why didn't you help Sansa like you said you would? You waited too long and now she's with fucking littlefinger!"He has to get back after she's gone so that we see he's sincere about wanting to get her back to her family. If he gets back and doesn't immediately try to free her, some people may doubt that he's really changed.
5069	go joff go	2013-05-23	Thats true.  Means that the PW would have to happen really fast in season 4.
5070	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-23	Thats true.  Means that the PW would have to happen really fast in season 4.Or they pulled some "introducing John Hurt as the Doctor" level maneuver and the purple wedding is this season after all. Lol
5071	CrypticWeirwood	2013-05-23	I'm not advocating any future decision to cut him, but I have to say the whole Bloodraven + Bran turn into a tree thing is probably the least interesting element of the whole ASOIAF story. Bran's arc has been incredibly underwhelming for me in the last couple of books.That's really weird. For me, Bran<U+0080><U+0099>s chapters in Dance were the best chapters of the whole book, and maybe the best of his chapters in any book.And frankly, I really wish people would stop saying that Bran is somehow turning into a tree.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s nonsense.  Greenseers walk the earth for years before they at least take their final sitting place in the weirwood throne.  Brynden became Hand of the King and Lord Commander of the Night<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch for many years before sitting down for the last time. Bran is not just a child to sacrifice to the old gods before he hits puberty.  He has to live as a man first.
5072	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-23	That's really weird. For me, Bran<U+0080><U+0099>s chapters in Dance were the best chapters of the whole book, and maybe the best of his chapters in any book.And frankly, I really wish people would stop saying that Bran is somehow turning into a tree.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s nonsense.  Greenseers walk the earth for years before they at least take their final sitting place in the weirwood throne.  Brynden became Hand of the King and Lord Commander of the Night<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch for many years before sitting down for the last time. Bran is not just a child to sacrifice to the old gods before he hits puberty.  He has to live as a man first. Well the series has most likely 2 more books so it's unlikely we're going to see Bran roaming around Westeros at age 30. His arc probably ends north of the wall since there isn't really that much time for him to go anywhere that important and still do something significant like warging a dragon or even leading the assault of WWs if you subscribe to those theories.
5073	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-23	In the most accurate timeline for asoiaf that I've seen, the PW takes place 8 days after the RW.  Which is why I always felt it made sense to the the PW in ep 10 if you're going to put the RW in ep 9.
But if they aren't doing that, then the PW should be at the latest EP2 next year, there simply isn't enough things that happen between the 2 events to fill more than 2 episodes (and that is stretching it).  They pushed back the Oberyn intro so it will happen during this gap.  That's about it. The only thing left to happen in KL at this point other than that is Sansa getting the purple hairnet, that's it.  All the other plot points cannot happen until the PW takes place (Jaime returning, etc),  As it is they will have to focus the plot attention outside of KL.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 23 May 2013 - 07:13 PM.
5074	go joff go	2013-05-23	The other issue is that apparently there is a scene in the vale with Littlefinger, so enought time has to elapse for him to come back (one reason PW can't be eps. 10 by the way).  I wonder if his first scene in season 4 will be killing whoever is rescuing Sansa (probably Dontos).
5075	Chuck88	2013-05-23	https://www.youtube....player_embedded
Wasn't sure where else to post this but I imagine it might be of interest to some
5076	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-23	The other issue is that apparently there is a scene in the vale with Littlefinger, so enought time has to elapse for him to come back (one reason PW can't be eps. 10 by the way).  I wonder if his first scene in season 4 will be killing whoever is rescuing Sansa (probably Dontos).Uh are you forgetting LF's movements in season 2? He clearly goes where he wants to go lol
5077	Springs09	2013-05-23	Well timeline-wise Jamie has to arrive in KL at least in episode 1 of season 4. That causes a problem. Jamie hears of Joffrey's death at the gates of KL, and has no chance to speak to Tyrion until the famous prison-dialogue.Since the PW will be arround episode 3-5 or something, they have to stretch Jamie's travelouge a bit. Not looking forward to thatEspecially since according to last season Harrenhal is only two days from King's Landing. I hate the inconsistency of Melisandre going from Dragonstone to the Riverlands to King's Landing back to Dragonstone in 2 or 3 eps yet it will take Jaime 5 or 6 eps to get from Harrenhal to King's Landing when it took Tywin 2 days.
5078	Mr Hodor	2013-05-23	Well timeline-wise Jamie has to arrive in KL at least in episode 1 of season 4. That causes a problem. Jamie hears of Joffrey's death at the gates of KL, and has no chance to speak to Tyrion until the famous prison-dialogue.Since the PW will be arround episode 3-5 or something, they have to stretch Jamie's travelouge a bit. Not looking forward to thatdosent the purple wedding happen almost immediately after the red wedding?i think it will happen in first episode
5079	King Tommen	2013-05-23	Especially since according to last season Harrenhal is only two days from King's Landing. I hate the inconsistency of Melisandre going from Dragonstone to the Riverlands to King's Landing back to Dragonstone in 2 or 3 eps yet it will take Jaime 5 or 6 eps to get from Harrenhal to King's Landing when it took Tywin 2 days.Does it really bother people that much with regards to transportation? Of all things to get bogged down in, I like to use my suspension of disbelief and roll with it.If it makes it easier for you, boats travel faster than people walking.  People on horses can go faster than people walking and smaller groups will travel faster than larger groups.  How much faster is up for debate and since you don't really know, there's no good way for you to calculate so you should just allow that the length of time mostly fits (give a LF teleport or two).  If you use these logistics, I think the vast majority of the movement on the show can be explained.  And if you don't want to think about it too much and concentrate on more important things, that helps too.
5080	LordStoneheart	2013-05-23	dosent the purple wedding happen almost immediately after the red wedding?i think it will happen in first episodeLike a week or two according to this one timeline floating around here. Like December 20-something'th was given as the Red Wedding date and the Purple Wedding was a big deal because it was the new century
5081	Kasrith	2013-05-23	Knowing that the recap shows all of the Sam the Slayer scene and then closes with the ravens coming towards the screen, I would bet a million internet dollars on Coldhands being intro'd in E9. I don't know about that, they could just be setting that up for 401 instead of 309...
5082	King Tommen	2013-05-23	I don't know about that, they could just be setting that up for 401 instead of 309...Once again, in the "Previously on" recaps, they are only showing you storylines and plot points that are important for the episode you are about to watch.  If they show Sam and Gilly, that means you're going to see them in this very episode.  There are no exceptions...
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 23 May 2013 - 11:25 PM.
5083	Kasrith	2013-05-23	Once again, in the "Previously on" recaps, they are only showing you storylines and plot points that are important for the episode you are about to watch.  If they show Sam and Gilly, that means you're going to see them in this very episode.  There are no exceptions...I don't disagree, but it doesn't show Coldhands so a Sam+Gilly scene doesn't necessarily add up to the CH intro.
5084	Kasrith	2013-05-23	Also, since this is a ep9 preview thread, I thought this was interesting in a long term foreshadowing kinda way.
(posted it in the Second Sons thread as well)https://twitter.com/...759853630091265
5085	King Tommen	2013-05-23	I don't disagree, but it doesn't show Coldhands so a Sam+Gilly scene doesn't necessarily add up to the CH intro.Sure, but we know that Sam comes up the well and meets Bran and the Reeds in the finale (there's a shot of it in the S3 trailers).  So unless they're just cutting out Coldhands and having Sam run into Bran for no good reason, it's a pretty strong assumption. If not, I have no idea what else having Sam appear in E9 would be about.
5086	Kasrith	2013-05-24	Sure, but we know that Sam comes up the well and meets Bran and the Reeds in the finale (there's a shot of it in the S3 trailers).  So unless they're just cutting out Coldhands and having Sam run into Bran for no good reason, it's a pretty strong assumption. If not, I have no idea what else having Sam appear in E9 would be about.I don't think they will cut Coldhands out all together.It is possible however that the Sam/Coldhands meet is off screen. Sam shows up in 310 (as seen in the trailers), in order to show him his 'path' under the wall where he can tell him that someone is waiting on the other side - ergo the run in isn't for 'no good reason'. Fade to black, and Bran's first scene in 401 has him coming up the other end to meet Coldhands.It is of course quite possible that we have the Coldhands intro in 309, I'm just not as sure as you are in order to bet 1 million bucks on it. This is all speculation, and I think people weigh in too heavily on trailers and summaries. It's fun to come up with theories of what's to come, but I doubt there's some specific formula to figuring out an episode breakdown two weeks before it airs.
5087	King Tommen	2013-05-24	I don't think they will cut Coldhands out all together.It is possible however that the Sam/Coldhands meet is off screen. Sam shows up in 310 (as seen in the trailers), in order to show him his 'path' under the wall where he can tell him that someone is waiting on the other side - ergo the run in isn't for 'no good reason'. Fade to black, and Bran's first scene in 401 has him coming up the other end to meet Coldhands.It is of course quite possible that we have the Coldhands intro in 309, I'm just not as sure as you are in order to bet 1 million bucks on it. This is all speculation, and I think people weigh in too heavily on trailers and summaries. It's fun to come up with theories of what's to come, but I doubt there's some specific formula to figuring out an episode breakdown two weeks before it airs.I have a hard time coming up with a reason why they'd go back to Sam and Gilly in E9 if we know that Sam's going to be in the finale if they weren't going to be meeting up with Coldhands.  You've also got the unresolved plot point of Rast screaming after Sam as he runs from Craster's that he's coming for him.  You don't include that scene unless we end up seeing Rast confronting Sam sometime soon (probably in wight form).  We know that the book intro of Coldhands comes when a bunch of wights corner Sam and Gilly and Coldhands shows up with a flock of ravens and saves them.We've seen the flock of ravens show up, along with the Weirwood tree where presumably the Three Eyed Crow sees stuff and calls on his vessel Coldhands.  The ravens were there to watch Sam take on the WW (they weren't necessary for that scene, they don't connect to the WW's) and the final shot of the previous episode is the flock of them rushing the screen after Sam runs away.  This is the shot they use on the "Previously on" recap right before we start watching E9.  How else can we interpret all of this other then a neon flashing sign saying "Coldhands is about to show up"....?
5088	Rashtibram	2013-05-24	So I don't know how many of you are aware of this, but Game of Thrones season 3 is available for HD purchase on the iTunes store in Australia. The episodes become available just 2 days after they air, I've already transferred my account to the Australian iTunes store to catch 'Rains of Castamere' in HD when it comes out (my country doesn't get HBO). I know it's off topic, I just thought it was interesting.
5089	the hound of sansa	2013-05-24	https://www.youtube....player_embeddedWasn't sure where else to post this but I imagine it might be of interest to someis it me, or does the girl behind Iwan look a lot like Roxanne McKee aka Doreah??
5090	Arkash	2013-05-24	I'm also ready to bet Coldhands will appear in the intro of episode 9:
- The recap shows Sam and Gilly... AND the crows.
- It's a tendency in GoT to open an episode with the continuity of the last scene of the last episode when this one was a twist (Jaime's hand).
- We know Sam and Gilly meet Bran and co in the finale, so we have to get an explanation as to how Sam ended up at the blackdoor.
- Bran's final scene would be awesome if it was the encounter with Coldhands.
- It is such an epic and WTF scene... moreover if they add the wights attack (Rast ! Karl ?)
- It will be one scene in the intro of the episode then no more for the episode of Sam (ala Arya in episode 8), and I'm sure episode 9 will have basically the same structure as episode 8 (one intro scene then only 3 storylines to go back and forth during the episode).
5091	Chuck88	2013-05-24	is it me, or does the girl behind Iwan look a lot like Roxanne McKee aka Doreah??Good spot!Also this...https://www.youtube....layer_embedded#!Very interesting comments from Oona Chaplin
5092	Terminated	2013-05-24	Merging Coldhands and BloodRaven could be done I guess.  What do you think ?
5093	Dysun	2013-05-24	It definitely looks like its aligned for Coldhands to finally appear in ep9. It is a big moment and fits with their episode 9 narratives. The shot of Bran's group without Rickon/Osha running into a man with a black cloak convinced me it has to happen.
5094	SerArthurHeath	2013-05-24	From my memory, she gave a wagon full of wine over to the Second Sons, lead by Mero. As they were stinking drunk, she sent her army to take the city by force. A battle was fought, with the aid of the Stormcrows, and it was a resounding victory.They didn't take it, they got one set of merc drunk, the others joined them and they killed the soldiers outside the walls, then the city sent out their slaves to appease Dany but she didn't sack it properly
5095	ambi76	2013-05-24	PW in E2 next season is as good as confirmed for me. GRRM has written that episode and back when people were bitching about him not writing the RW for the show, I think he even said something like: No thanks, once was enough for that one. But maybe I get to write the other big one, if you know what I mean *GRRM trollface*.
5096	Dragonstoned	2013-05-24	https://www.youtube....player_embeddedWasn't sure where else to post this but I imagine it might be of interest to someInterviewer calls them 'unsullied'! It's a thing.Also yeah, 'you don't want to meet this bastard'..
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 24 May 2013 - 08:48 AM.
5097	Nordling	2013-05-24	Did anyone notice how the preview ended? I bet Jon's getting his face sliced in the next episode.
5098	Arkash	2013-05-24	I've been thinking the same since this shot appeared in promos ! Eagle attack attack ! =D
5099	Titan	2013-05-24	It definitely looks like its aligned for Coldhands to finally appear in ep9. It is a big moment and fits with their episode 9 narratives. The shot of Bran's group without Rickon/Osha running into a man with a black cloak convinced me it has to happen.Where was this shot? If you are talking about the shot I think you are, that is unlikely to be Coldhands. I think it is just Sam, and it would be from episode 10.
5100	Cybvep	2013-05-24	Interviewer calls them 'unsullied'!YEAH! I loled at that /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.Also, "You don't want to meet this bastard" comment was hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by Cybvep, 24 May 2013 - 12:39 PM.
5101	King Tommen	2013-05-24	Where was this shot? If you are talking about the shot I think you are, that is unlikely to be Coldhands. I think it is just Sam, and it would be from episode 10.It is Sam but it's clearly at the Nightfort and of him coming up from the well to meet up with Bran.  If that's happening in the finale, then logic dictates that Sam has to meet up with Coldhands prior to that since I cannot think of a great reason he would just casually run into Bran with no good reason.  The whole point of that scene in the Nightfort is for Sam to convince Bran that there is someone there to escort him to the Three Eyed Raven and that he's been sent as the person to retrieve him.Further, since you know that Sam will be appearing in that scene in the finale (since Bran is at Queenscrown in E9, not the Nightfort) and you know from the "Previously on" recap that Sam and Gilly are set to appear in E9, the question is what the hell are we checking in with Sam for in E9 if not for him to meet Coldhands?  If nothing consequential was going to happen to him between here and the Nightfort, then you would simply limit his scenes to the finale and not put unnecessary filler in a very important E9 episode that appears to have many of the other stories jettisoned to make room for the big stuff.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 24 May 2013 - 01:27 PM.
5102	Arkash	2013-05-24	King Tommen, you definitly put in much better words exactly what I was thinking ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
5103	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-24	They didn't take it, they got one set of merc drunk, the others joined them and they killed the soldiers outside the walls, then the city sent out their slaves to appease Dany but she didn't sack it properlyThanks, that makes sense.
5104	Unsullier	2013-05-24	I've been literally pimping this episode to all of my book-reading and non-book reading people.  This is the episode that the geeks have been waiting for, three years now.  I'm worried that they haven't built up Robb quite enough, but in the end, it will still make you want to put vanilla ice cream all over your chest and let it melt down onto your genitals.  Queenscrown will separate the pretenders from the contenders, 'cuz some of them won't get it, and the RW will make women weep, men will gnash their teeth into mere bloody stubs, and political establishments will crumble.  Hopefully, we get one scene with My Girl, Brienne of Tarth.  Can you tell I'm drunk and impatient?  Good.  Oh, and if you think I'm a stinky poop face now, wait til next season when My Boy, The Red Viper, dances a hefty number with The Mountain.  The horror....the horror...
5105	Jayuk83	2013-05-25	Okay, I have a theory: I think Bran will be warging into Hodor this episode. I don't think the show will have much direwolf warging unfortunately.
5106	The Drunkard	2013-05-25	it will still make you want to put vanilla ice cream all over your chest and let it melt down onto your genitals. Wha...Can you tell I'm drunk and impatient?Oh.
5107	Gendels Children	2013-05-25	I've been literally pimping this episode to all of my book-reading and non-book reading people.  This is the episode that the geeks have been waiting for, three years now.  I'm worried that they haven't built up Robb quite enough, but in the end, it will still make you want to put vanilla ice cream all over your chest and let it melt down onto your genitals.  Queenscrown will separate the pretenders from the contenders, 'cuz some of them won't get it, and the RW will make women weep, men will gnash their teeth into mere bloody stubs, and political establishments will crumble.  Hopefully, we get one scene with My Girl, Brienne of Tarth.  Can you tell I'm drunk and impatient?  Good.  Oh, and if you think I'm a stinky poop face now, wait til next season when My Boy, The Red Viper, dances a hefty number with The Mountain.  The horror....the horror...yes yes yes oh gods YES I cant wait, ive been telling every one that this is a huge episode. im probably looking forward to the QC scene more than RW but that being said im still super looking forward to it anyway .... AAAHH I cant believe its still another whole week to go! im going more insane than Cat does next ep.. gonna go all Orel on my own face hehe
5108	protar	2013-05-25	Okay, I have a theory: I think Bran will be warging into Hodor this episode. I don't think the show will have much direwolf warging unfortunately.Why on earth not? Why introduce the concept of Bran's wolf dreams and then not go through with them?
5109	Rashtibram	2013-05-25	Okay, I have a theory: I think Bran will be warging into Hodor this episode. I don't think the show will have much direwolf warging unfortunately.That's a completely unprecedented theory. The preview, the synopsis and the recap all clearly indicate Queenscrown and Bran saving Jon.
5110	Winterfell's Crypt	2013-05-25	I'm worried that they haven't built up Robb quite enough, but in the end, it will still make you want to put vanilla ice cream all over your chest and let it melt down onto your genitals.  I LOL'd -- well done, Ser!
5111	Fuse Prime	2013-05-25	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.
EDIT: /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
					
					
							Edited by fuseprime, 25 May 2013 - 12:38 PM.
5112	Arkash	2013-05-25	Well, this friend is definitly a douchebag ! Spoiling stuff for everybody !
In any case, best thing to do when asked this kind of question is lie... blatantly ! ^^
I never had to cause every one around me never ask me anything (I'm glad they do), though.
5113	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-25	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.In my opinion, the best policy is silence in such a situation. Refuse to say yes or no and let them decide who to believe. If this person is such a douchebag, why are they your friend...?
5114	ebevan91	2013-05-25	You probably should've told them the truth. 
But don't give them any more details as to how he dies. Just say "unfortunately he does eventually die" or something like that.
5115	ShigellaSand	2013-05-25	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.EDIT: /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />I would say something like: "I'm not going to tell you if it's true or not. Only a douchebag would spoil the show for you that way." Then when he pulled the "Are you calling my friend a liar?" stuff, I'd ask "Is she a douchebag who'd spoil things for you? Or is it more likely she was just pulling your leg?" Then maybe throw in a line like "It's GOT, people are going to die. But I'm not telling you who."If they believed you, they'll have one more week of being unspoiled. But unfortunately, after the next episode, they'll know you lied and they'll be waiting for Joffrey and Tywin to die too. It sucks. Your friend is a shit.
5116	Rishav Banka	2013-05-25	"I'll put a sword through your eye and fuck your skull"she said "I'll put a sword through your eye and out of the back of your skull"you made me watch the video again
5117	Fuse Prime	2013-05-25	Yeah, I mean... I won't lose sleep over it or anything, because I've known for the last few years.  It just sucks because I remember my reaction to the RW and I wanted to witness everyone else's reaction.  Instead, of being completely shocked, they may as will be like "I knew it was coming, but I wasn't sure."  I still think it may be among one of the single greatest events in television history.
At least they'll be shocked about Ygritte's death.  I remember having a WTF moment over that.  There should be a bunch of WTF moments next season and going forward.
5118	Ser Steven	2013-05-25	I'm also ready to bet Coldhands will appear in the intro of episode 9:- The recap shows Sam and Gilly... AND the crows.- It's a tendency in GoT to open an episode with the continuity of the last scene of the last episode when this one was a twist (Jaime's hand).- We know Sam and Gilly meet Bran and co in the finale, so we have to get an explanation as to how Sam ended up at the blackdoor.- Bran's final scene would be awesome if it was the encounter with Coldhands.- It is such an epic and WTF scene... moreover if they add the wights attack (Rast ! Karl ?)- It will be one scene in the intro of the episode then no more for the episode of Sam (ala Arya in episode 8), and I'm sure episode 9 will have basically the same structure as episode 8 (one intro scene then only 3 storylines to go back and forth during the episode).I see it going like this:1. Sam and Gilly are running through the woods and stop to catch their breath. (or maybe actually go back for the dagger Sam left, if they don't make Sam have more then 1)2. Next you see Rast as a wight. Sam tries to stab him with a dragonglass dagger and it breaks.3. Sam panics and more wights start showing up trying to surround Sam & Gilly.4. Pan to somethng in the woods waving for Sam to run over to him. but he is kept in the darkness so you can't make out who or what he is.5. Have Sam and Gilly running towards him with the wights chasing them and the end the scene.6. Ep 10 have Sam coming up through the well. Relaying that he was saved by a wight and he the wight says that Bran has to go meet him. (Could even see this as where The Stark kids split cause Osha wants nothing to do with wights)7. End of the scene Bran, Sam, and co heading down the well and ending the season arc there.8. Ep 1 of season 4 you are actaully shown and introduced to Coldhands.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Steven, 25 May 2013 - 01:57 PM.
5119	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-25	Yeah, I mean... I won't lose sleep over it or anything, because I've known for the last few years.  It just sucks because I remember my reaction to the RW and I wanted to witness everyone else's reaction.  Instead, of being completely shocked, they may as will be like "I knew it was coming, but I wasn't sure."  I still think it may be among one of the single greatest events in television history.At least they'll be shocked about Ygritte's death.  I remember having a WTF moment over that.  There should be a bunch of WTF moments next season and going forward.People will not be surprised about Ygritte's death for similar reasons they won't be surprised by Robb's. As soon as Robb said he promised to visit Talisa's mom, it was known he would die. Common trope. When Jon and Ygritte had that moment at the top of the wall, people said "well, that won't be allowed to last. One of them will die."The only things that will really shock people are Catelyn dying and the extent of the Bolton's betrayal. People have cottoned on to Bolton being kinda shady and some have figured out that it's his son holding Theon, but just how deep the sabotage goes is completely unknown to many.
5120	Words of Winter	2013-05-25	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.EDIT: /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />Just say 'everyone dies, it's just a matter of when and how.'  Or 'they all go when a meteorite hit westeros which allows the WW to overpower the remnant civilizations.'  Just BS, maybe putting some truth and lies together.  'Talisa dies and she is secretly carrying a targaryen offspring that will become TPtwP and the baby isn't Robbs, but turns out to be the Mountain's natural born heir who is really the offspring of Bloodraven and Lyanna.  Oh and Tywin dies taking a poop.'
5121	DarkWingsDarkWords	2013-05-25	I wonder if they are going to show Rob's headless corspe with Grey Winds head on top of it. The scene that will devastate me the most is when Sandor and Arya arrives to see Rob's men being massacred. That hope of seeing her mother and brother again being taken away by Walder Frey. Like Arya I too have been keeping a mini kill list in my head for the characters that I have come to hate the most, and I hope Martin doesn't have Walder die of old age. I hope after her training as a faceless one that she exacts her revenge.
5122	ShigellaSand	2013-05-25	Just say 'everyone dies, it's just a matter of when and how.'  Or 'they all go when a meteorite hit westeros which allows the WW to overpower the remnant civilizations.'  Just BS, maybe putting some truth and lies together.  'Talisa dies and she is secretly carrying a targaryen offspring that will become TPtwP and the baby isn't Robbs, but turns out to be the Mountain's natural born heir who is really the offspring of Bloodraven and Lyanna.  Oh and Tywin dies taking a poop.'Aaand I just realized what the perfect answer would be.Valar morghulis.
5123	Jayuk83	2013-05-25	Why on earth not? Why introduce the concept of Bran's wolf dreams and then not go through with them?I hope you're right, but I just have a feeling (given how little they're showing the direwolves).
5124	Lord Tyrion's Whore	2013-05-25	I am constantly disappointed by the attempts of people to ruin this show/these books for those who haven't read them by blurting out spoilers concerning who is going to die.  If I was just a TV viewer I think it would be impossible to go to any youtube video or web article discussing Game of Thrones, because all the comment sections are full of it, just people doing it for the sake of doing it.  I'm not surprised that so many TV viewers say they hate book readers like me.
By the way, isn't it a little mean to refer to the TV viewers as 'unsullied'?  I mean, given what the unsullied are and what they've done (had their man parts cut off/killed babies/etc...) it seems a bit harsh.
5125	Dragonstoned	2013-05-25	I wonder if they are going to show Rob's headless corspe with Grey Winds head on top of it.I've seen people say they're showing it.  Don't know where they got their info from though, and not sure whether I will want to see it or not..
5126	Arkash	2013-05-25	By the way, isn't it a little mean to refer to the TV viewers as 'unsullied'?  I mean, given what the unsullied are and what they've done (had their man parts cut off/killed babies/etc...) it seems a bit harsh. I always refered to them that way but in a really nice way, not to insult at all, really !And after all, we are "Book Walkers"... says a lot ! xD
5127	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-25	I've seen people say they're showing it.  Don't know where they got their info from though, and not sure whether I will want to see it or not..I am really sure that when they said something along the lines of 'the Red Wedding was basically the reason we wanted to make the show because we thought it needed to be depicted visually' I am sure that Robb's head sewed onto Grey Wind must have been a big part of that. I mean it is like one of the most memorable (if disgusting) lines of the book. I think they will include it.
5128	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-25	I've got all of my friends who watch the show convinced that the big stuff is happening in episode ten this year. Just made up some excuse about how, because this season is only going to be half of the book, there wasn't really a good way to put the big moment in episode nine. Most of them aren't picking up on the dangerous situation Robb, Catelyn, Talisa, and the rest of the Northmen are heading into. They're pretty attentive, so it's not as if they aren't paying attention, but most of them are convinced that Robb is going to take Casterly Rock. A lot of them consider Robb and/or Catelyn to be among their favorite characters, so it's going to be interesting watching the episode with them. It's a pretty big group (8 people, not including myself; none of whom have read the books), so the reactions should be... Who knows, really - probably intense, though. We tend to have a few drinks during (and before and after) the show, and the four girls tend to be pretty expressive. Maybe I'll see if I can find a way to record it. I know a lot of people did with with Ned's death, and those videos were pretty great. But we don't meet at my place, and I don't want to tip anyone off about something major happening during the episode, so maybe not.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 25 May 2013 - 09:14 PM.
5129	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-25	I've got all of my friends who watch the show convinced that the big stuff is happening in episode ten this year. Just made up some excuse about how, because this season is only going to be half of the book, there wasn't really a good way to put the big moment in episode nine. Most of them aren't picking up on the dangerous situation Robb, Catelyn, Talisa, and the rest of the Northmen are heading into. They're pretty attentive, so it's not as if they aren't paying attention, but most of them are convinced that Robb is going to take Casterly Rock. A lot of them consider Robb and/or Catelyn to be among their favorite characters, so it's going to be interesting watching the episode with them. It's a pretty big group (8 people, not including myself; none of whom have read the books), so the reactions should be... Who knows, really - probably intense, though. We tend to have a few drinks during (and before and after) the show, and the four girls tend to be pretty expressive. Maybe I'll see if I can find a way to record it. I know a lot of people did with with Ned's death, and those videos were pretty great. But we don't meet at my place, and I don't want to tip anyone off about something major happening during the episode, so maybe not.The way I would handle it? Since I have a laptop, I'd sit somewhere in such a way where my back is to them, then when the show starts just leave it open and recording. But if people are having drinks IDK if I'd want it sitting out. I saw one reaction video where the camera was actually behind the people watching. So that's one way, depending on the setup of the room
5130	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-25	I've got all of my friends who watch the show convinced that the big stuff is happening in episode ten this year. Just made up some excuse about how, because this season is only going to be half of the book, there wasn't really a good way to put the big moment in episode nine. Most of them aren't picking up on the dangerous situation Robb, Catelyn, Talisa, and the rest of the Northmen are heading into. They're pretty attentive, so it's not as if they aren't paying attention, but most of them are convinced that Robb is going to take Casterly Rock. A lot of them consider Robb and/or Catelyn to be among their favorite characters, so it's going to be interesting watching the episode with them. It's a pretty big group (8 people, not including myself; none of whom have read the books), so the reactions should be... Who knows, really - probably intense, though. We tend to have a few drinks during (and before and after) the show, and the four girls tend to be pretty expressive. Maybe I'll see if I can find a way to record it. I know a lot of people did with with Ned's death, and those videos were pretty great. But we don't meet at my place, and I don't want to tip anyone off about something major happening during the episode, so maybe not.I've been trying to think about whether or not they are actually giving any hints at all as to what is about to happen and I genuinely don't think they are. Obviously it's pretty difficult to tell when you have read the books and you know what is happening and you know that it's all down hill from Karstark beheading onwards, but I think show viewers are just thinking Robb will eventually win. In fact I think most people are thinking 'I've won every battle but I'm losing the war' is a way of making Robb's eventual victory more dramatic. Does anyone else think that people could actually stop watching the show because of this? I think there is a real chance.
5131	mystikherb	2013-05-25	I've seen people say they're showing it.  Don't know where they got their info from though, and not sure whether I will want to see it or not..Yeah I forget the interview (I'm sure you can find it, I know it's out there) but there was someone who was on the set during one of the later episodes of the season and said that he saw something on set that looked like a man with a boar's head.  Obviously he was mistaken if this is what I think it is, but I when I read that I felt that it basically confirmed that they would show this.
5132	Titan	2013-05-26	My advice - DON'T play up the episode as something special to your unsullied friends. It is a mistake. It is better for them to be shocked than disappointed.
This is especially true if you are presenting this episode is BEST EVER or MOST SHOCKING TWIST/DEATH. Just don't.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 26 May 2013 - 02:44 AM.
5133	Red Hound	2013-05-26	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.EDIT: /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />>D-Bag>Friend.Pick one.
5134	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-26	My advice - DON'T play up the episode as something special to your unsullied friends. It is a mistake. It is better for them to be shocked than disappointed.This is especially true if you are presenting this episode is BEST EVER or MOST SHOCKING TWIST/DEATH. Just don't.This is the truth.
5135	FuriousGeorge	2013-05-26	I am constantly disappointed by the attempts of people to ruin this show/these books for those who haven't read them by blurting out spoilers concerning who is going to die.  If I was just a TV viewer I think it would be impossible to go to any youtube video or web article discussing Game of Thrones, because all the comment sections are full of it, just people doing it for the sake of doing it.  I'm not surprised that so many TV viewers say they hate book readers like me.By the way, isn't it a little mean to refer to the TV viewers as 'unsullied'?  I mean, given what the unsullied are and what they've done (had their man parts cut off/killed babies/etc...) it seems a bit harsh.Haha go and look up the word unsullied in a dictionary
5136	Masamune	2013-05-26	Why is Robb going to the Twins? Walder Frey doesn't have anywhere near the men needed to storm Casterly Rock, plus Robb's lost "half his army" in the show.
How many men do I need to hang before I get an answer to this question?
5137	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-26	Why is Robb going to the Twins? Walder Frey doesn't have anywhere near the men needed to storm Casterly Rock, plus Robb's lost "half his army" in the show.How many men do I need to hang before I get an answer to this question?A couple of episodes back, Robb explicitly stated that House Frey was the only undeclared house with enough men for such an undertaking. So at least he believes they will be sufficient.Obviously, we will never know whether he is right.
5138	Masamune	2013-05-26	A couple of episodes back, Robb explicitly stated that House Frey was the only undeclared house with enough men for such an undertaking. So at least he believes they will be sufficient.Walder Frey already sent men to fight with Robb in S1, less the 400 to guard the Twins. Are we pretending this didn't happen now?
5139	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	Walder Frey already sent men to fight with Robb in S1, less the 400 to guard the Twins. Are we pretending this didn't happen now?Mate, don't try to make sense of the military side of the show.  Even in the books it was flawed.  Just sit back and laissez-faire.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 May 2013 - 10:59 AM.
5140	King Kev.	2013-05-26	Walder Frey already sent men to fight with Robb in S1, less the 400 to guard the Twins. Are we pretending this didn't happen now?When Robb broke his vows of marriage to the Freys, Walder's army left and went back to the Twins. At least, that's what I assume happened.
5141	Masamune	2013-05-26	Mate, don't try to make sense of the military side of the show.  Even in the books it was flawed.  Just sit back and laissez-faire.Yeah but Robb wasn't going back for reinforcements in the book, he wanted safe passage to reclaim the North. This version makes no sense whatsoever.
5142	Joyful Union	2013-05-26	Yeah but Robb wasn't going back for reinforcements in the book, he wanted safe passage to reclaim the North. This version makes no sense whatsoever.I think his/her point was more that war in the books makes hardly any sense to begin with, particularly with the lengthy winter/summer cycles that would ensure that supplying armies would be impossible. That said, the fact that the Frey's leaving in between s2 and s3 wasnt mentioned is a genuine plothole.
5143	King Tommen	2013-05-26	Walder Frey already sent men to fight with Robb in S1, less the 400 to guard the Twins. Are we pretending this didn't happen now?Bryan Cogman has stated when asked about this that you need to assume that once the Frey's found out about the vow being broken between S2 and S3, they took their ball and went home.  A line of dialogue confirming this would have been nice but that's what the showrunners say happened.
5144	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	It's a plothole but meh, the main problem with the 'get Freys, take Casterly Rock' thing is it lacks the emotional impact that Robb finally going home with a solid plan to retake the North had.  Maybe they felt this wouldn't make sense as they hadn't mentioned ironborn in Moat Cailin at all so far or even the castle itself.
5145	King Tommen	2013-05-26	It's a plothole but meh, the main problem with the 'get Freys, take Casterly Rock' thing is it lacks the emotional impact that Robb finally going home with a solid plan to retake the North had.  Maybe they felt this wouldn't make sense as they hadn't mentioned ironborn in Moat Cailin at all so far or even the castle itself.Retaking the North was a solid plan but I at least like the rationale the show gave for Robb not taking that path.  He stated that they could do this but as soon as they got back home and winter began, he'd never be able to rouse the men he had with them to march south again.  He had his army now, was in the Riverlands and this was his only shot at making any progress.  He knows that he can't march on King's Landing but attacking Casterly Rock and taking its resources would be so disruptive that it would force Tywin to mobilize his forces and engage Robb on the field again which is what Robb needs to happen.  It's a Hail Mary but it's the only way Robb can see as the way forward.  In terms of what the show has established, it's a logical next move if not a little desperate.
5146	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	Oh yeah he did say about not being able to march south again afterwards didn't he.  Guess that's another way in which the military logic of the books doesn't always stand up.
5147	Masamune	2013-05-26	Bryan Cogman has stated when asked about this that you need to assume that once the Frey's found out about the vow being broken between S2 and S3, they took their ball and went home.  A line of dialogue confirming this would have been nice but that's what the showrunners say happened.Which just about sums up their treatment of this storyline. Thanks for clarifying.At least Book!Robb was an honourable chump. The war's lost at this point. Going back to hit up Walder Frey for more men, and forgoing his obligation to the North, makes the HBO equivalent look like a straight-up jackass (and let's face it, that's been the trend since S2). If Robb still has aspirations of becoming King in the North, then he would clean up his homeland and consolidate his forces at Moat Cailin. Trying to take Casterly Rock in some bizarre suicide mission, when Walder Frey clearly doesn't have the men needed for such a siege (not to mention they would have suffered casualities during their original campaigning with Robb). I can see why they think Robb taking a dump on Tywin's doorstep is more 'epic' and compelling than him running home, but the numbers don't add up.  I guess that's not going to bother your average HBO viewer.
5148	Talbot	2013-05-26	Watch them address this in this episode early on. It's not a huge deal if you're smart enough to understand the context of the situation with Robb/Talissa/House Frey.
5149	The King Breaker	2013-05-26	why are they fighting in the streets of yunkai the battle is susposed to take place outside are they just scraping meeren and havin dany control yunkai
5150	King of the Road	2013-05-26	why are they fighting in the streets of yunkai the battle is susposed to take place outside are they just scraping meeren and havin dany control yunkaiThat's possible, it's not that great a change. Have a vengeful Astapor as Dany's enemies. The other option is that a city battle is cheaper to film than a pitched battle on a grassy plain.
5151	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	Watch them address this in this episode early on. It's not a huge deal if you're smart enough to understand the context of the situation with Robb/Talissa/House Frey.Care to explain to all us beings of lesser intellect what's going on then? Just in case they forget to address it in the ep.  It's not like Robb saying 'take his home, talk his gold, take his power' sheds light on why he didn't do this with a larger army the first time round.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 May 2013 - 12:04 PM.
5152	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-26	Yeah but Robb wasn't going back for reinforcements in the book, he wanted safe passage to reclaim the North. This version makes no sense whatsoever.In series 1, either Keven or Tywin points out that the Freys are not marching with the main Stark force, but are moving behind as support. Thus, its not so hard to believe that they turned back after Whispering Wood. Also, this is a show with dragons, and demon babies. Lets not think TOO much into things
5153	Talbot	2013-05-26	Care to explain to all us beings of lesser intellect what's going on then? Just in case they forget to address it in the ep.  It's not like Robb saying 'take his home, talk his gold, take his power' sheds light on why he didn't do this with a larger army the first time round.Robb breaks his marriage pact with the Freys. They are (understandably) pissed and go back to the Twins. Robb loses a good portion of his army.Why doesn't he attack Casterly Rock beforehand? I don't know, there might have been a larger garrison there, maybe he wanted to take out Tywin's armies in the field where he was winning all his battles?I'm still in the process of rewatching S1&2 (starting 1x07 today), so I should be able to get more out of it then.Also, I was referring to why people didn't understand why Robb had to go back to the Twins to reclaim the Freys, it wasnt that hard to figure it out.
5154	Masamune	2013-05-26	In series 1, either Keven or Tywin points out that the Freys are not marching with the main Stark force, but are moving behind as support. Thus, its not so hard to believe that they turned back after Whispering Wood.I had a quick flick through the eps and only found this line in: S1 E9:Kevan: "Our scouts tell us the Stark host has moved south from the Twins, with Lord Frey's levies in tow."That's not the same as what you're suggesting. And why would they turn back after the Whispering Wood? Did that happen in the book?Also, this is a show with dragons, and demon babies. Lets not think TOO much into thingsYeaah... No. The series should still work on its own internal logic, fantastical elements or no.
5155	Talbot	2013-05-26	I had a quick flick through the eps and only found this line in: S1 E9:Kevan: "Our scouts tell us the Stark host has moved south from the Twins, with Lord Frey's levies in tow."That's not the same as what you're suggesting. And why would they turn back after the Whispering Wood? Did that happen in the book?Yeaah... No. The series should still work on its own internal logic, fantastical elements or no.You have to realize that the show is a different beast than the book. The characters are altered a bit, the plot is altered to play as a dramatic television series, etc.If you keep on hard comparing every scene/detail to the book, you're going to find irregularities, and it's going to screw with you.
5156	Masamune	2013-05-26	You have to realize that the show is a different beast than the book. The characters are altered a bit, the plot is altered to play as a dramatic television series, etc.If you keep on hard comparing every scene/detail to the book, you're going to find irregularities, and it's going to screw with you.Any mention to the books is a sidenote. This still doesn't make sense even taken on its own merit.
5157	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	Robb breaks his marriage pact with the Freys. They are (understandably) pissed and go back to the Twins. Robb loses a good portion of his army.Why doesn't he attack Casterly Rock beforehand? I don't know, there might have been a larger garrison there, maybe he wanted to take out Tywin's armies in the field where he was winning all his battles?I'm still in the process of rewatching S1&2 (starting 1x07 today), so I should be able to get more out of it then.Also, I was referring to why people didn't understand why Robb had to go back to the Twins to reclaim the Freys, it wasnt that hard to figure it out.Don't think anyone has questioned why Robb is going back to get the Freys though? You're preaching to the choir and the confusion is over the difference the Freys would make to his attack on CR, especially as they were fighting for him for over a season with not a mention of them.  I think that will remain unexplained and as I said, it doesn't pay to try to make sense of the military side of the show (or, to a lesser extent, the books).
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 May 2013 - 12:27 PM.
5158	Talbot	2013-05-26	Don't think anyone has questioned why Robb is going back to get the Freys though? You're preaching to the choir and the confusion is over the difference the Freys would make to his attack on CR, especially as they were fighting for him for over a season with not a mention of them.  I think that will remain unexplained and as I said, it doesn't pay to try to make sense of the military side of the show (or, to a lesser extent, the books).Yea I agree that the show and the book just kind of threw numbers at us haphazardly regarding the size of Robb's force. The whole Karstark forces being half of Robb's army threw me off, and at that point I just said screw it, I'll just watch the show and not be bothered by it.
5159	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	If they include Robb's mutilated corpse, when and where do they put it?
I'm thinking they open the season finale with the hall in the Twins, just the carnage and corpses left in there, and Robb's corpse still with the crossbow bolts in and the hole through the heart sitting on the high chair, Grey Wind's head on, as though surveying what has happened.  Similar to the way they opened s1e10 with Ice dripping Ned's blood.
Maybe after show some Freys chucking an unidentified woman's body into the river or something.
5160	Fuse Prime	2013-05-26	I think it's got to be Casterly Rock since the Ironborn have not really been mentioned, if they had then it's been vaguely.  The TV audience assumes since "Ramsay" took back Winterfell and Theon was captured...well no more Ironborn.  It's more of an attention span issue if anything.  The Lannisters are more prominent in the show and since they've been "winning everything" this season, well perhaps this is where the tide will turn.  They assume the Ironborn are on the run or had left after their reavings.
5161	protar	2013-05-26	I think it's got to be Casterly Rock since the Ironborn have not really been mentioned, if they had then it's been vaguely.  The TV audience assumes since "Ramsay" took back Winterfell and Theon was captured...well no more Ironborn.  It's more of an attention span issue if anything.  The Lannisters are more prominent in the show and since they've been "winning everything" this season, well perhaps this is where the tide will turn.  They assume the Ironborn are on the run or had left after their reavings.So the Ironborn haven't been mentioned, so...let's not mention them? Sorry What?Aside from being a far more thematic, and tactically logical decision, including Moat Cailin as part of Robb's plan would have been a perfect way to continually include the Iron Born in season 3 without actually having any scenes in the Iron Isles. It's really not that difficult to comprehend. It's simply a matter of "you know that family that was massively important in S2? The ones who betrayed Robb? They have a castle Robb needs to reach the north and he doesn't want a load of peeved off Freys at his back."Anyone who can't comprehend something as simple as "enemies in castle, need castle back" are not worth the effort of catering to imo.
5162	Ser Steven	2013-05-26	Care to explain to all us beings of lesser intellect what's going on then? Just in case they forget to address it in the ep.  It's not like Robb saying 'take his home, talk his gold, take his power' sheds light on why he didn't do this with a larger army the first time round. Because Tywin Lannister and the whole Lannister force was sitting at Harrenhal and could have easily broken the seige. Now Tywin and most of the Lannister forces are defending KL and therefore cannot stop Rob. If you stop trying to spend so much time trying to figure how bad the show is because it's different from the books and actually think about things, then they are not that hard to figure things out.
5163	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	Because Tywin Lannister and the whole Lannister force was sitting at Harrenhal and could have easily broken the seige. Now Tywin and most of the Lannister forces are defending KL and therefore cannot stop Rob. If you stop trying to spend so much time trying to figure how bad the show is because it's different from the books and actually think about things, then they are not that hard to figure things out.If you're picking something to have a go at someone for criticising the show for, you could do better than something they have said is flawed in the books too (military logic).Why not think through what you say instead of launching into a random attack on perceived 'book purism'.  Defending KL from who? Stannis with his destroyed army? There's a royal wedding to plan but if it was Casterly Rock at stake then that could be put back.  Another idea is to look at a map (e.g. http://www.sermounta...ulative_map.jpg) which shows KL nearly equidistant from CR as Harrenhal is, no Tully stronghold or Red Fork in the way, with easy access via the Gold Road, from a much larger army now than Tywin had in s2.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 26 May 2013 - 01:28 PM.
5164	Diehard_si	2013-05-26	It looked from that trailer to me that Jorah and Grey Worm had sneaked in, perhaps through the sewers. I hope this doesn't mean they are merging Yunkai and Meereen.
5165	jugdesh258	2013-05-26	Ughh....  went to DVR as per usual and it is Liberace!!!!!	 Booooo
5166	Conchobar	2013-05-26	Of all the episodes to have a two week wait, this one should NOT have been it. It is being spoiled for the unsullied by the hundreds, every day. It is ridiculous. Especially now, at the final week build up. I'm sure there is an in quantifiable number of dick heads out there who love spoiling the story for people.
5167	silentwanderer	2013-05-26	It looked from that trailer to me that Jorah and Grey Worm had sneaked in, perhaps through the sewers. I hope this doesn't mean they are merging Yunkai and Meereen.They're already changing things just by confronting Yunkai before they take Meereen.In the books, Yunkai was a threat to Daenerys because they weren't dominated just yet.If she saves Meereen for last, the take over should be less gruesome yet still as bloody as it was on the books.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 26 May 2013 - 03:40 PM.
5168	ShigellaSand	2013-05-26	Of all the episodes to have a two week wait, this one should NOT have been it. It is being spoiled for the unsullied by the hundreds, every day. It is ridiculous. Especially now, at the final week build up. I'm sure there is an in quantifiable number of dick heads out there who love spoiling the story for people.Why would putting it off one week make the difference between people being spoiled or not for the RW? I mean, if they've managed to stay unsullied for over two years, why is this one week so crucial?On the other hand, if they aired this episode on a holiday, then the people planning to watch it a day later, because they were doing something else, would definitely run the risk of being spoiled by those who watched it as it aired...
5169	Conchobar	2013-05-26	Why would putting it off one week make the difference between people being spoiled or not for the RW? I mean, if they've managed to stay unsullied for over two years, why is this one week so crucial?On the other hand, if they aired this episode on a holiday, then the people planning to watch it a day later, because they were doing something else, would definitely run the risk of being spoiled by those who watched it as it aired...Because these two weeks everyone will be talking about the Red Wedding, there is more talk about it now than ever before. People are more likely to stumple on it.
5170	ShigellaSand	2013-05-26	I think that the people who were at risk for being spoiled - those who read comments on Youtube, for example, or those with loose lipped friends - have been so already. Generally, people who watch GOT know ever since Ned's death that there are big dramatic events which you'll need to be careful in order to stay unspoiled for. And really, the ones who'll know about the RW to talk about it are mostly book readers, who generally try not to accidentally spoil show viewers (unless they're assholes) and those who've been accidentally spoiled themselves, who generally don't want the same thing to happen to others.
So, I really don't think the risk is much bigger than at any particular time before. Those who will be going around spoiling things for others now, were already doing so.
					
					
							Edited by ShigellaSand, 26 May 2013 - 04:35 PM.
5171	mystikherb	2013-05-26	I think that the people who were at risk for being spoiled - those who read comments on Youtube, for example, or those with loose lipped friends - have been so already. Generally, people who watch GOT know ever since Ned's death that there are big dramatic events which you'll need to be careful in order to stay unspoiled for. And really, the ones who'll know about the RW to talk about it are mostly book readers, who generally try not to accidentally spoil show viewers (unless they're assholes) and those who've been accidentally spoiled themselves, who generally don't want the same thing to happen to others.So, I really don't think the risk is much bigger than at any particular time before. Those who will be going around spoiling things for others now, were already doing so.I think the only way that the risk would be more now is that the show is bigger than it was in season 1.  There's just generally more talk about it now, and people know that SOMETHING big will happen just based on the whole "Oh, you thought Ned was bad, just wait 'til book 3".  Otherwise, I think you have really good points.  No one who I watch the show with has been spoiled to it.  I also think that a lot of people who have read the books and keep thinking about how the RW will play out are underestimating the effect it will have (as other people have pointed out, as well).  Of the people I watch with, a couple have mentioned that they don't predict good things for Robb.  However, they've also said plenty to indicate that even if they think Robb might die, they aren't expecting it to be next episode, and certainly won't see it going down the way it will.  Speculating that Robb will die will prove to be VERY different from actually witnessing it immediately.  And I also don't think people are expecting two people to die.  That should really give them a shock.  I was spoiled to Robb's death, so the thing that blew my mind when I read the RW was seeing Robb and Catelyn dying within a couple paragraphs of each other.  I'm expecting there to be at least a moment of speechlessness from those I'm watching the show with as the first few credits roll on "The Rains of Castamere".
5172	bacchusnl	2013-05-26	Not sure if this was mentioned but did anyone notice the snapshot of Edmure swaggering at his wedding, almost at the end of the previeuw /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />? I really caught me as the perfect picture of ignorant bliss.
5173	Newstar	2013-05-26	Not sure if this was mentioned but did anyone notice the snapshot of Edmure swaggering at his wedding, almost at the end of the previeuw /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />? I really caught me as the perfect picture of ignorant bliss.Someone made a gif of that with the caption "PARTY IN THE HOUSE." Hahahaha.He does look so happy, though. Aw, Edmure.
5174	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	Oh, Lord... this is supposed to be the most important episode of the entire series, period. People who only watch the TV show aren't even expecting it but this event is the same one Benioff and Weiss have been talking about all along. I hope to God they get it right. I shouldn't have any reason to doubt them since they are the reason I started reading the books in the first place but it's such a fragile matter. It better be horrific when it happens. I want to see the Greatjon's head hacked off. I want to see Robb's face twist in agony when Roose digs his sword through his chest. I want to see Catelyn laugh hysterically as she cuts Jinglebell's throat and runs her finger nails down her bloody face. I NEED to hear the line "No, don't cut my hair! Ned loves my hair!" before the end.
5175	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-26	It better be horrific when it happens. I want to see the Greatjon's head hacked off. I want to see Robb's face twist in agony when Roose digs his sword through his chest. I want to see Catelyn laugh hysterically as she cuts Jinglebell's throat and runs her finger nails down her bloody face. I NEED to hear the line "No, don't cut my hair! Ned loves my hair!" before the end.Yes, yes!I will be really really disappointed if they don't nail Robb & Cat's deaths. I mean, it doesnt have to be exactly like the books, but the closer the better. I would really like to see Cat go mad at the end too.Michelle Fairley is really up to a acting challenge here, i mean, laughing hysterically and being extremely desperate and horrified at the same time? and then pulling off the entire mad thing, wow, I cant wait to see it. I really really hope they nail it.
5176	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	The hottest place in hell is reserved for those who spoil the Red fucking Wedding.
Also, anticipating the spate of bookreaders tonight who didn't get the memo about the extra week's wait..
5177	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-26	Speaking of hell.
A few episodes ago Arya yelled "Burn in hell" to Sandor... isn't that kind of anti-immersive? Or have I just missed that there is a concept of hell within the Westerosi religions?
If it's not in the books, i think it's a huge miss.. I mean, come on, Christianity in game of thrones? really?
5178	YTDN	2013-05-26	Speaking of hell.A few episodes ago Arya yelled "Burn in hell" to Sandor... isn't that kind of anti-immersive? Or have I just missed that there is a concept of hell within the Westerosi religions?If it's not in the books, i think it's a huge miss.. I mean, come on, Christianity in game of thrones? really?There are seven hells. and I'm pretty sure in the books Arya yells for the Hound to 'go to hell'. So yeah, there's a hell in Westeros.
5179	Bastard Walder	2013-05-26	I want to see the Greatjon's head hacked off. I want to see Robb's face twist in agony when Roose digs his sword through hisConsidering that this never happens in the book and the actor isn't coming back I don't think we'll be getting that scene in the show..
5180	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-05-26	There are seven hells. and I'm pretty sure in the books Arya yells for the Hound to 'go to hell'. So yeah, there's a hell in Westeros.That's right, i forgot about "Seven Hells" haha.Thanks for correcting me..
5181	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-26	The coming episode will define Season 3. Every scene will be looked back at in the context of this great event: from Tywin's overt confidence and secret letters, to Jaime and Roose Bolton's conversations ('regards') and Jaime's safe return, to Karstark's execution, to the distraction of Talisa, to Bolton's bastard, to the leniency of the Freys and to Melisandres leeches.
It all comes down to this episode. They better not fuck it up!
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 26 May 2013 - 06:46 PM.
5182	go joff go	2013-05-26	Oh, Lord... this is supposed to be the most important episode of the entire series, period. People who only watch the TV show aren't even expecting it but this event is the same one Benioff and Weiss have been talking about all along. I hope to God they get it right. I shouldn't have any reason to doubt them since they are the reason I started reading the books in the first place but it's such a fragile matter. It better be horrific when it happens. I want to see the Greatjon's head hacked off. I want to see Robb's face twist in agony when Roose digs his sword through his chest. I want to see Catelyn laugh hysterically as she cuts Jinglebell's throat and runs her finger nails down her bloody face. I NEED to hear the line "No, don't cut my hair! Ned loves my hair!" before the end.She doesn't actually say Ned loves my hair, she thinks it.  Saying it out loud would seem really weird, as great a line as it is.
5183	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	Considering that this never happens in the book and the actor isn't coming back I don't think we'll be getting that scene in the show..It happens to Smalljon Umber who never existed within the show. The obvious alternative would be to replace him with his father, the Greatjon. In the books, he's held as a hostage and rarely mentioned afterwards. I wasn't aware his actor wasn't coming back. That's disappointing since there really are no other Northmen we've come to know. A fraction of the horror that is the Red Wedding is picturing all these minor characters you've read about being slaughtered like animals in one place at the same time.She doesn't actually say Ned loves my hair, she thinks it.  Saying it out loud would seem really weird, as great a line as it is.I know lol. But I agree, it's a powerful line. I remember actually putting the book down for a second and thinking "wow... that was messed up." This is exactly why it needs to be in the show! Since we can't read her mind, I would like to actually hear it from her lips.The coming episode will define Season 3. Every scene will be looked back at in the context of this great event: from Tywin's overt confidence and secret letters, to Jaime and Roose Bolton's conversations ('regards') and Jaime's safe return, to Karstark's execution, to the distraction of Talisa, to Bolton's bastard, to the leniency of the Freys and to Melisandres leeches.It all comes down to this episode.I can just imagine how Ramsay's identity will be revealed next episode to the viewers. I so hope it goes exactly how I am envisioning it. Roose walks up to Catelyn as she's sitting by Robb at Edmure's wedding and hands her a letter. With the letter comes the skin off Theon's finger. As she asks him what it is in disgust, Roose explains his bastard has him at the Dreadfort, questioning him for the murder of Bran and Rickon. Everything will click with the viewers and their thoughts on Roose will suddenly darken. "THAT'S the son he sent for Theon? Why is he so evil?" They will begin to question Roose's morality and look back on his interactions with Jaime and Brienne. Just as Cat thought she was seeing "grumpkins in the woodpile," viewers will tell themselves it's not so creepy as it seems.
					
					
							Edited by Gregor's Butt Boy, 26 May 2013 - 09:35 PM.
5184	Weeping Sore	2013-05-26	So far this episode is very disappointing. Great costumes, but why are they wasting so much time on this musician and his friend? I did't even know they had pianos in Westeros. Where is this, Highgarden?
5185	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-26	So far this episode is very disappointing. Great costumes, but why are they wasting so much time on this musician and his friend? I did't even know they had pianos in Westeros. Where is this, Highgarden?Typical purist complaining about any deviation from the books.. it's still great television and It's good to see Mace & Willas Tyrell finally even if they are acting a bit out of character... to stay the least.
5186	Urine Greyjoy	2013-05-26	So fuckin' lame. I didn't know the new episode had been delayed till next week and I was all excited and shit.
:-(
5187	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	So far this episode is very disappointing. Great costumes, but why are they wasting so much time on this musician and his friend? I did't even know they had pianos in Westeros. Where is this, Highgarden?I thought it wasn't on this week... ?
5188	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-26	I think he's referring to the Liberace movie w/ Michael Douglas and Matt Damon.
5189	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	I think he's referring to the Liberace movie w/ Michael Douglas and Matt Damon.... Whaaat? Ok... As long as I'm not missing any GoT...
5190	ebevan91	2013-05-26	Queenscrown exceeded my expectations. I almost forgot that the Red Wedding would be happening next.
5191	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	Queenscrown exceeded my expectations. I almost forgot that the Red Wedding would be happening next.Where are you people watching this? Australia? /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
5192	ebevan91	2013-05-26	Where are you people watching this? Australia? /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
	Spoiler We're not.
5193	Gregor's Nancy Boy	2013-05-26	We're not.Why must you troll me?
5194	Bastard Walder	2013-05-26	So far this episode is very disappointing. Great costumes, but why are they wasting so much time on this musician and his friend? I did't even know they had pianos in Westeros. Where is this, Highgarden?Damnit, I was about to make a joke like this.Fake Edit: Fuck it, I'll do it anyway.I don't really get why they turned Walder Frey into a piano player or why Robb Stark had to have sex with him, but I understand some things have to be changed to fit into the visual format of the show.
5195	Bastard Walder	2013-05-26	She doesn't actually say Ned loves my hair, she thinks it.  Saying it out loud would seem really weird, as great a line as it is.Because that line is normal when it's a thought?
5196	Harold II	2013-05-26	AND if you pause it at the right moment at the 0:27 mark you see a quick shot of Jon shoulder checking Ygritte as she draws her bow....saving someone in the process?Probably Summer/Shaggy Dog
5197	ebevan91	2013-05-26	It's probably Summer. Doesn't Jon recognize the dire wolf in the book?
5198	Q the Cat	2013-05-26	I'm going to have to re-watch episode 8 because GoT withdrawal is kicking in and I'm developing a tremor.
5199	mystikherb	2013-05-27	Spoiler We're not.
Laugh out loud.
5200	Fuse Prime	2013-05-27	I'm going to have to re-watch episode 8 because GoT withdrawal is kicking in and I'm developing a tremor. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> There might be time for a whole season 3 re-watch.
5201	Targaryen Kaiser	2013-05-27	I'm going to have to re-watch episode 8 because GoT withdrawal is kicking in and I'm developing a tremor.I propose watching the 9th episode of the first season. Multiple connections with the upcoming one.
5202	YuvalTheVal	2013-05-27	Damnit, I was about to make a joke like this.Fake Edit: Fuck it, I'll do it anyway.I don't really get why they turned Walder Frey into a piano player or why Robb Stark had to have sex with him, but I understand some things have to be changed to fit into the visual format of the show.I laughed so hard at this. Bravo!
5203	Arkash	2013-05-27	I wonder if the Hound and Arya will meet someone (the passor of the Refork ?) who will tell them about the huge pack of wolves, leaded by a monstruous she-wolf, roaming in the Riverlands.
5204	Conchobar	2013-05-27	I am feeling the remission now, of not having GOT.I laughed so hard at this. Bravo!Well the Hound is seen punching a dude in daylight in the trailer for ep9, and the RW was at night time, so something happens to Arya and the Hound before they reach the Twins.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 27 May 2013 - 04:58 AM.
5205	Q the Cat	2013-05-27	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> There might be time for a whole season 3 re-watch.I will probably do that this week.  Starting today, since I'm off work.  Great idea!
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 27 May 2013 - 07:00 AM.
5206	Q the Cat	2013-05-27	I propose watching the 9th episode of the first season. Multiple connections with the upcoming one. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Thanks for that excellent idea.  I'm starting this morning with my marathon.
5207	The Monkey	2013-05-28	So will they have Arya kill someone at the RW? In the books the tried and failed IIRC. They certainly need to improve on TV-Arya's kill count, it's been stuck on 1 since season 1.
5208	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-28	I had a quick flick through the eps and only found this line in: S1 E9:Kevan: "Our scouts tell us the Stark host has moved south from the Twins, with Lord Frey's levies in tow."That's not the same as what you're suggesting. And why would they turn back after the Whispering Wood? Did that happen in the book?Yeaah... No. The series should still work on its own internal logic, fantastical elements or no.So sassy. Fine, they made a minor slip up concerning military tactics. What point are you trying to make?
5209	Q the Cat	2013-05-28	So I re-watched Season 1 episode 9 yesterday.  I highly recommend reviewing this before the episode this weekend.  It is a chance to revisit the Frey wedding arrangement Robb agreed to.   Now I can hardly wait!
5210	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-28	So I re-watched Season 1 episode 9 yesterday.  I highly recommend reviewing this before the episode this weekend.  It is a chance to revisit the Frey wedding arrangement Robb agreed to.   Now I can hardly wait!Doing this the day before the episode, after a season 3 re-watch! As ta la vista, Starks.
5211	Skoboe	2013-05-28	What are the chances that Ep9 will be a special 2-hr one following the week off, and that the two weddings and Balon's demise will happen at the same time while Mel is smirking at the flames?
If Joff's wedding is not this season I can't see them filling out another 10 episodes to bring it into the S4 Ep9 climax.
5212	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-28	What are the chances that Ep9 will be a special 2-hr one following the week off, and that the two weddings and Balon's demise will happen at the same time while Mel is smirking at the flames?If Joff's wedding is not this season I can't see them filling out another 10 episodes to bring it into the S4 Ep9 climax.We would know by now if it was two hours, I think.
5213	Skoboe	2013-05-28	Yep - you'd think someone would have leaked that much, but it wouldn't be the first time a network has sprung a surprise double episode, or movie length episode, at the last moment.
					
					
							Edited by Skoboe, 28 May 2013 - 09:38 PM.
5214	Fuse Prime	2013-05-28	I don't think it'll be a two-hour show.  Hell, I'd love it, I'd even love a 90 minute show, or even a full 60 show.
EDIT:  As far as Joffery is concerned, I would imagine the Purple Wedding would be Season 4 and around Episode 5, and I would think the big Episode 9 show would be Mountain vs. Red Viper.  THAT was another part of SoS that made me go crazy!
					
					
							Edited by fuseprime, 28 May 2013 - 09:53 PM.
5215	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-28	Yep - you'd think someone would have leaked that much, but it wouldn't be the first time a network has sprung a surprise double episode, or movie length episode, at the last moment.In the DVR age I think it would be hard to keep it on the DL - they've got Veep and some other show between GoT and the re-airing at 11 est so I'd expect around 60 minutes or so as what it's showing on my schedule now however the running time hasn't been mentioned just as yet (although the 10th episode is apparently running over an hour again because Daenarys once again doing something that much more elaborate that what happens in the book Yunkaii is of course more important than RW/Queenscrow/Coldhands etc.
5216	Stark Revenge	2013-05-28	I'm so pumped! I can barley contain my combined feelings of excitement and sadness! I'm going scitzo!
5217	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-28	This week cannot pass fast enough!
5218	Q the Cat	2013-05-28	What are the chances that Ep9 will be a special 2-hr one following the week off, and that the two weddings and Balon's demise will happen at the same time while Mel is smirking at the flames?If Joff's wedding is not this season I can't see them filling out another 10 episodes to bring it into the S4 Ep9 climax.There is very little chance of a 2 hour episode.  D&D were happy to give us a few more minutes per episode this season (see the HBO extras).  We certainly would have heard about it by now.  As for your other hopes:We are definitely getting the RW.Maybe Balon's demise.No way for the PW.And, isn't Mel always smirking at the flames?As for the S4 EP9 climax, the PW isn't enough for that.  I'd wager either the Red Viper or Tyrion's 'farewell' to Tywin is the climax.
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 28 May 2013 - 11:45 PM.
5219	Dragonstoned	2013-05-29	As for the S4 EP9 climax, the PW isn't enough for that.  I'd wager either the Red Viper or Tyrion's 'farewell' to Tywin is the climax.Hoping for the s04e09 end as Red Viper vs The Mountain, and of s04e10 as Tyrion vs Tywin.  That would have a similar punch to Ned's death + dragons at the end of the first season.
5220	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-29	Tyrion vs Tywin is more likely going to happen in episode 9. I reckon Tyrion will be on a ship in episode 10 so that they can start the DWD saga.
5221	protar	2013-05-29	I don't think it'll be a two-hour show.  Hell, I'd love it, I'd even love a 90 minute show, or even a full 60 show.EDIT:  As far as Joffery is concerned, I would imagine the Purple Wedding would be Season 4 and around Episode 5, and I would think the big Episode 9 show would be Mountain vs. Red Viper.  THAT was another part of SoS that made me go crazy!Way too late for the PW. Think E1-3, because remember there's only 7 chapters between the two weddings, and not much build up required imo. We just need to introduce the RV really, reveal that Jofffrey assassinated Bran and maybe give him widow's wail.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 29 May 2013 - 07:04 AM.
5222	Mikaele	2013-05-29	The closer it gets, the more and less Im looking forward to it.
5223	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	Can someone start a leaks/spoilers thread so those of who don't want to see anything can remain oblivious?
5224	Conchobar	2013-05-29	I am guessing all of the " "The PW " will hapen this season" have all agreed that they are wrong at this stage? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5225	Dysun	2013-05-29	I am guessing all of the " "The PW " will hapen this season" have all agreed that they are wrong at this stage? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I still see a few in the episode 10 subforum lol
5226	Talbot	2013-05-29	I still see a few in the episode 10 subforum lolThey're clinging to nothing at this point.
5227	silentwanderer	2013-05-29	Tyrion vs Tywin is more likely going to happen in episode 9. I reckon Tyrion will be on a ship in episode 10 so that they can start the DWD saga.It can't happen before season 5.Tyrion got married too late this season, I doubt Jaime even arrives to King's Landing by episode 9.Not to mention, Brienne was supposed to find out about Lady Catelyn before they reached King's Landing. And Edmure's wedding doesn't even happen yet.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 29 May 2013 - 01:12 PM.
5228	Conchobar	2013-05-29	I still see a few in the episode 10 subforum lolThose poor souls.
5229	mystikherb	2013-05-29	Can someone start a leaks/spoilers thread so those of who don't want to see anything can remain oblivious?All for the idea of being careful and separting spoilers and what not (as somebody who has had things spoiled to them by the internet), but I don't think I'll ever understand anyone who joins a site like this while hoping to remain unspoiled.  At this point, if someone has not read all of the books and knows that there are a lot of spoilers to stumble upon they should not participate in online discussions or look to much into the story through the internet.  I was spoiled to one of the biggest events of the series by a youtube video comment (not saying it wasn't my fault, actually my point is that it WAS my fault), and if you type in some character names in google often the first search option to pop is "-character name- dies/death".  This series is already infamous for book-readers spoiling things for tv-only viewers (not defending that, they suck), and if you want to remain unspoiled I highly recommend not having an account on this site or reading ANY forums at all, no matter how much you may wish to discuss what you know.  I'm not saying this in any attempt to be a jerk or to say that it isn't a good idea to separate threads so it's easier to avoid spoilers (spoilers, spoiler free, ect.), I'm saying this because with the way the internet is now huge spoilers will jump out at you from even the least detailed places, and if you're on this site you will eventually be spoiled to something big (unless you extremely over the top cautious and only read info on the "still reading" pages, and even then there are no real guarantees.  Not saying that you are specifically someone who is trying to avoid spoilers and I'm all for the idea of making it easier to separate spoilers in discussion, but I really believe that the best course of action to avoid being spoiled in ASOIAF is to stay clear of any internet page about, to not scroll down on any youtube video about it, and finally that this website is the last place you should be on the entirety of the internet.Sorry if this was off topic, that's just my opinion on the whole spoiler thing.
5230	mystikherb	2013-05-29	They're clinging to nothing at this point.No, they are simply clinging to the hope that they don't have to wait a year to see the most annoying of the cruel characters die.  Denial is a powerful thing.
5231	Q the Cat	2013-05-29	Hoping for the s04e09 end as Red Viper vs The Mountain, and of s04e10 as Tyrion vs Tywin.  That would have a similar punch to Ned's death + dragons at the end of the first season. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   I'm liking this scenario.  Darn we have A YEAR to wait to find out if our predictions are accurate.  *sob*  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
5232	Q the Cat	2013-05-29	They're clinging to nothing at this point.And they're waiting for Santa, the Tooth Fairy, and the Easter Bunny.....
5233	Q the Cat	2013-05-29	Can someone start a leaks/spoilers thread so those of who don't want to see anything can remain oblivious?[snippage]Sorry if this was off topic, that's just my opinion on the whole spoiler thing.I agree with mystikherb - sorry TomBadgerlock.  There are some threads with NO BOOK SPOILERS in the title.   Those would be safer to read.  But still glad you're here.  :-)The title of this thread is:	[BOOK [b]SPOILERS] Episode 9 Preview[/b]
5234	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-29	It can't happen before season 5.Tyrion got married too late this season, I doubt Jaime even arrives to King's Landing by episode 9.Not to mention, Brienne was supposed to find out about Lady Catelyn before they reached King's Landing. And Edmure's wedding doesn't even happen yet.I'm talking about season 4
5235	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	All for the idea of being careful and separting spoilers and what not (as somebody who has had things spoiled to them by the internet), but I don't think I'll ever understand anyone who joins a site like this while hoping to remain unspoiled.  At this point, if someone has not read all of the books and knows that there are a lot of spoilers to stumble upon they should not participate in online discussions or look to much into the story through the internet.  I was spoiled to one of the biggest events of the series by a youtube video comment (not saying it wasn't my fault, actually my point is that it WAS my fault), and if you type in some character names in google often the first search option to pop is "-character name- dies/death".  This series is already infamous for book-readers spoiling things for tv-only viewers (not defending that, they suck), and if you want to remain unspoiled I highly recommend not having an account on this site or reading ANY forums at all, no matter how much you may wish to discuss what you know.  I'm not saying this in any attempt to be a jerk or to say that it isn't a good idea to separate threads so it's easier to avoid spoilers (spoilers, spoiler free, ect.), I'm saying this because with the way the internet is now huge spoilers will jump out at you from even the least detailed places, and if you're on this site you will eventually be spoiled to something big (unless you extremely over the top cautious and only read info on the "still reading" pages, and even then there are no real guarantees.  Not saying that you are specifically someone who is trying to avoid spoilers and I'm all for the idea of making it easier to separate spoilers in discussion, but I really believe that the best course of action to avoid being spoiled in ASOIAF is to stay clear of any internet page about, to not scroll down on any youtube video about it, and finally that this website is the last place you should be on the entirety of the internet.Sorry if this was off topic, that's just my opinion on the whole spoiler thing.I totally agree with you, but I was actually talking about spoilers for the upcoming episode as in, leaked information, leaked pictures and so on. Not content from the books (which I've read), but actual visible content from the episode itself.Also, I'm presuming you're referring to Jon in the google anecdote. I was spoiled by Google on that front as well.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 29 May 2013 - 06:59 PM.
5236	mystikherb	2013-05-29	I totally agree with you, but I was actually talking about spoilers for the upcoming episode as in, leaked information, leaked pictures and so on. Not content from the books (which I've read), but actual visible content from the episode itself.In that case I totally misunderstood you.  My apologies /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
5237	Titan	2013-05-29	Hoping for the s04e09 end as Red Viper vs The Mountain, and of s04e10 as Tyrion vs Tywin.  That would have a similar punch to Ned's death + dragons at the end of the first season.Yes. But I also think the episode 9 climax is just getting a tad bit predictable by now. They need to shake it up, otherwise there will be ZERO chance that anyone will be surprised when a significant character dies in a 9th episode. [Insert "What a twist!" in M. Night Shyamalan voice] /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Personally I hope the structure S4 big moments as follows, spreading them out nicely:Ep 2: PW (or why not ep 1? that will truly shock)Ep 3: Battle for castle black - Ygritte death (if she doesn't die this season, but that seems unlikely at this point)Ep 7: Stannis appears at the battle for the wall (although the battle/siege can start several episodes earlier)Ep 9: Mountain vs ViperEp 10: Tywin+Lysa death
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 29 May 2013 - 08:11 PM.
5238	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	I reckon the PW will be in episode 3-5. They have to have time to establish Oberyn and give him some good scenes and things to do, especially interact with Tyrion. Their first scene together will hopefully be in E1. I reckon the PW in E4, and the Mountain-Oberyn duel in E7, with Tyrion/Tywin in E10.
Stannis arriving at the Wall will hopefully be in episode E9. I hope Jon gets some serious scenes next season. There's so much they could do with that plotline.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 29 May 2013 - 08:57 PM.
5239	KnightsOfDany	2013-05-29	14 pages forgive me if a repeat someone,
I think we will see a little pre-wedding affairs through the episode but i think the bulk of it will take up the last chunk of the episode. The queenscrown/Yunkai and Arya stuff will make up the rest.
Also i would bet alot of Gold Dragons on Jamie telling Roose send my regards in the prevously on segment
					
					
							Edited by KnightsOfDany, 29 May 2013 - 09:03 PM.
5240	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-29	I reckon the PW will be in episode 3-5. They have to have time to establish Oberyn and give him some good scenes and things to do, especially interact with Tyrion. Their first scene together will hopefully be in E1. I reckon the PW in E4, and the Mountain-Oberyn duel in E7, with Tyrion/Tywin in E10.Stannis arriving at the Wall will hopefully be in episode E9. I hope Jon gets some serious scenes next season. There's so much they could do with that plotline.I would luuuuurve to see Tywin's confidence a bit shaken interacting with Oberyn. Knowing his reputation and knowing the Martells want vengeance. I think cautious would make sense, but afraid would be too much. So showing him not quite sure how to navigate the situation would be AWESOME. To me anyway.
5241	Fuse Prime	2013-05-29	Also i would bet alot of Gold Dragons on Jamie telling Roose send my regards in the prevously on segment /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   Especially since they had Ned in the "previously on" clip about Jorah being Varys' spy in the episode when Jorah and Barriston were talking about being loyal and what-not to Dany.
5242	Skoboe	2013-05-29	And they're waiting for Santa, the Tooth Fairy, and the Easter Bunny.....Lol...why so bitchy?People come in to postulate theories or say "how cool would this be..."They don't need to be spoken about like they're idiots /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
5243	King Tommen	2013-05-29	Well the "Previously On" recap was released last week and there's no Roose there.  It would have been cool but probably way too much of a hint to include.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Ej0Cy2_yOfY
5244	Weeping Sore	2013-05-29	Yes. But I also think the episode 9 climax is just getting a tad bit predictable by now. They need to shake it up, otherwise there will be ZERO chance that anyone will be surprised when a significant character dies in a 9th episode. [Insert "What a twist!" in M. Night Shyamalan voice] /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I agree- the episode 9 thing is a trap I hope they'll do away with next season. I expect seasons 4-5 to be more "through-composed" making 410 and 501 play like consecutive episodes in the same season rather than wrapping up in ep 10. The end of next season should be solidly into Feast and Dance, though, with most ASoS events wrapping by 407 at the latest.
5245	Q the Cat	2013-05-29	Lol...why so bitchy?People come in to postulate theories or say "how cool would this be..."They don't need to be spoken about like they're idiots /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Not bitchy, just teasing.  Take it easy, drink less caffeine or something. *hands an icebag for Skoboe's head*  That wall has to hurt.
5246	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	I agree- the episode 9 thing is a trap I hope they'll do away with next season. I expect seasons 4-5 to be more "through-composed" making 410 and 501 play like consecutive episodes in the same season rather than wrapping up in ep 10. The end of next season should be solidly into Feast and Dance, though, with most ASoS events wrapping by 407 at the latest.The only characters who are getting into their material from A Feast for Crows & A Dance with Dragons material are Bran (who will do so out of necessity, though I also expect his story to continue to be sparse; also, I'm expecting them to begin using Bran & Jojen to divulge information from the past), Theon (who I think will appear much more briefly next season, probably in a manner more consistent with Jaime in season two), Brienne (who, again, will do so out of necessity, though it is possible that she will stay in King's Landing a bit longer than she did in the book), and the additional characters from the Iron Islands and Dorne that will be introduced (though we may not meet characters actually in Dorne until the fifth season). Everyone else will likely end their arcs next season as they did in the books. A Storm of Swords easily had the best endings in the series, so D&D would be foolish to ignore those logical endings simply to plow through the material. Story lines are going to be expanded upon (the Red Viper will be more prominent on the show than he was in the books, I think it's safe to say, in terms of how much he'll appear), just as they were this season. This season may have been at a bit of a disadvantage, however, due to the large number of climactic events that occur in the final third of the third novel.Next season will end with Arya heading to Braavos, Jon being elected the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, Tyrion killing Tywin & Shae, Dany banishing Jorah (though this could be a ninth episode moment, as well) and deciding to stay in Mereen in order to learn how to rule like a true Queen, and Lysa being murdered by Littlefinger after all of the revelations she divulges to Sansa. In fact, I think next season might end on Lady Stoneheart, just as the novel does, although I also think we'll see her being resurrected as the final scene this season. I think it's likely that we won't see Lady Stoneheart in full until the end of next season, but the death of whichever Frey it ends up being may be tied in some way to Brienne, depending on what they decide to do with her. Those characters who will be getting into their material from the two latest books will do so as long as it doesn't interfere with any of the above story lines, I think, so it's harder to predict what will happen with them.In any case, they won't end a season of television in some random segment from the last two novels. That's not really how television works. From a narrative stand point it doesn't really work because AFfC & ADwD represent a major shift into a different direction for both the book series and (very likely) the television show, as well. Logistically, why would they spend their time and resources on building sets that would be required for just one or two episodes in the current season, when they could be put off until they'll really be needed in the next one (Braavos, for example). Same goes for the casting, locations, etc. Whatever happens, the major characters will end their arcs very close to where they ended in the third book. If they do go beyond that, I wouldn't expect anything more than scenes like Jon traveling beyond the Wall with the Night's Watch, or Arya heading north with Yoren, and similar scenes of that nature.
5247	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-29	I think Tyrion's first chapter in ADWD might make it to episode 10 of season 4.
Some of the ironborn chapters, and indeed possibly all of the Kingsmoot from AFFC, will also make it to season 4.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 29 May 2013 - 11:27 PM.
5248	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-30	I think Tyrion's first chapter in ADWD might make it to episode 10 of season 4.Some of the ironborn chapters, and indeed possibly all of the Kingsmoot from AFFC, will also make it to season 4.Definitely agree about nearly all of the Ironborn chapters (from AFfC, anyway) going in, but I can only see Tyrion having his first chapter from A Dance with Dragons in episode ten of season four if Tywin & Shae are killed in episode nine. I don't think that will be the case, however. I think placing the duel between Oberyn & The Mountain in episode nine is more likely, so the audience won't be expecting the shit-storm of people dying in the finale (Tywin, Shae, & Lysa) since the "big death" has already happened as far as those viewers who haven't read the books are concerned (I should also mention that, like Jaime this season, Tyrion in season two, and Ned in season one, I think the Red Viper will be the main character of the fourth season). But, if Tyrion kills the two of them in the ninth episode, I agree that we'll see his first chapter from ADwD in the final episode of season four.
5249	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-30	I do expect Tywin to die in episode 9, if not episode 8, with 9 being a wall-centric episode.
5250	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-30	I do expect Tywin to die in episode 9, if not episode 8, with 9 being a wall-centric episode.That's one of the things I feel a little less clear about, in terms of the pacing with Jon's story line next season. We know that the actor who plays Pip only shot for one day, so I don't imagine Jon will get a whole lot of focus in the finale. I can see a short scene where he arrives and informs... ...someone (not entirely sure who; I'd expect Maester Aemon, but I'm not sure if his actor returned for this season) that the wildlings are planning to assault Castle Black, and that's it for his arc. I don't expect Davos to tell Stannis of the letter from the Night's Watch until some time early next season. The battle at the Wall will likely take place over the course of a few episodes (two, three at most), and the final episode with the battle will integrate two disparate story lines together before switching focus to the election for the new Lord Commander. I don't know if Jon being elected as the Lord Commander is really an episode nine moment, and feel very confident that Oberyn will die in the ninth episode with Tywin, Lysa, & Shae biting it in the finale.There's an underlying structure to each of these seasons that - while it has evolved and isn't entirely consistent - helps to make sense of what they'll do, by and large, going forward. For instance, they usually have a few big moments scattered throughout episodes four through seven each season, and I'd expect that since the siege/battle itself, Ygritte's death, and Stannis arriving at the Wall will not all take place in one episode (most likely), these events will make up those big events during that stretch of episodes that we've seen with the last three seasons. That leaves several episodes to establish the election, which will be carried out in the finale (definitely a finale moment, the more I think about it). Time (a lot of it) will tell, I guess, but like most shows there is a broad but discernible rhythm to how things play out, so it'll be interesting to see how this season ends so that those of us who like to speculate on this sort of thing can approach it with a better idea of what to expect based on what they set up in the finale.That same basic structure usually includes a bit of an early shocker, as well (Jaime losing his hand; Theon betraying Robb and siding with his family), although there hasn't been one as shocking as what we'll get early in season four when Joffrey dies. Usually the final episode is more set-up for the following season, but I see the fourth season ending on more of an uncertain (but explosive) note, in order to keep the interest going strong into what will be the first season to really test the show in terms of sustaining the narrative for the long haul. Because really, the latest two novels begin the escalation anew in a lot of ways, adding additional elements to replace ones that have been lost (Robb & Catelyn; many of the main cast from King's Landing) and assimilated (Stannis joining Jon at the Wall), while continuing in a new direction with established characters (Arya training as an assassin; Tyrion on his way to find Dany; Sam on his way to Oldtown [which may or may not be changed or cut]; Dany in Mereen, learning to rule, instead of her usual goal of getting straight to Westeros [which is being established now]; and Jon learning to lead the Night's Watch [nice similarity between those two story lines]). The last we see of all of those aforementioned characters will be prior to those new directions they head off in, just like it was in the books, I'd say.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 30 May 2013 - 01:52 AM.
5251	Father of Dragons	2013-05-30	If Coldhands is in this episode, which I very much hope, it may be like a Jaqen H'ghar season 1 moment, where we will get an extra on for now, but a real confirmed casting for next year
5252	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-30	I could have sworn that Rose Leslie was only signed on for two seasons. I took that to mean that the Battle for Castle Black would be in episode 10 of this season, where Ygritte will die, then we'd have the Wildling siege of the Wall early on in season 4.
So if we're not getting the battle this season, that means Ygritte will have to die in some other way, unless they can convince Rose to return for a couple more episodes next season.
5253	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-05-30	I've been trying not to play up this episode to my unsullied friends, and instead I've been telling them about the battle in Yunkai and concerning Dany's storyline.  There was actually one of my douchebag friends last night who kept saying "Robb's going to die, Joffery's going to die, Tywin is going to die etc."  Then when my innocent friends who look completely devastated ask me if there's any merit to this, I'm put in a terrible position because I'm the only who has read all the books.  If I tell them Yes, which is the truth, well I'm ruining it for them, if I tell them No, then well...you get idea.  So, my response is, "I can GUARANTEE Robb is not going to die." I mean...what am I supposed to do?  It's infuriating really.  So the Dbag friend starts saying, "Well this girl who read all the books told me this is what happens.  Are you calling her a liar?"  I had to keep a straight face and look them in the eyes and reply, "Yeah, she's just messing with you man."  I don't know if I handled that well or not, I think I did. But, I just keep telling them to read the books.  I'm sure everyone here has encountered this.  It's terrible.  I learned about Ned's fate before it happened, and I felt it kind of spoiled GoT for me.EDIT: /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />Whenever any of my unsullied friends want hints on if a character is going to die my response is always, no matter who they are - "Valar Morghulis".
5254	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	The only characters who are getting into their material from A Feast for Crows & A Dance with Dragons material are Bran (who will do so out of necessity, though I also expect his story to continue to be sparse; also, I'm expecting them to begin using Bran & Jojen to divulge information from the past), Theon (who I think will appear much more briefly next season, probably in a manner more consistent with Jaime in season two), Brienne (who, again, will do so out of necessity, though it is possible that she will stay in King's Landing a bit longer than she did in the book), and the additional characters from the Iron Islands and Dorne that will be introduced (though we may not meet characters actually in Dorne until the fifth season). Everyone else will likely end their arcs next season as they did in the books. A Storm of Swords easily had the best endings in the series, so D&D would be foolish to ignore those logical endings simply to plow through the material. Story lines are going to be expanded upon (the Red Viper will be more prominent on the show than he was in the books, I think it's safe to say, in terms of how much he'll appear), just as they were this season. This season may have been at a bit of a disadvantage, however, due to the large number of climactic events that occur in the final third of the third novel.Next season will end with Arya heading to Braavos, Jon being elected the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, Tyrion killing Tywin & Shae, Dany banishing Jorah (though this could be a ninth episode moment, as well) and deciding to stay in Mereen in order to learn how to rule like a true Queen, and Lysa being murdered by Littlefinger after all of the revelations she divulges to Sansa. In fact, I think next season might end on Lady Stoneheart, just as the novel does, although I also think we'll see her being resurrected as the final scene this season. I think it's likely that we won't see Lady Stoneheart in full until the end of next season, but the death of whichever Frey it ends up being may be tied in some way to Brienne, depending on what they decide to do with her. Those characters who will be getting into their material from the two latest books will do so as long as it doesn't interfere with any of the above story lines, I think, so it's harder to predict what will happen with them.In any case, they won't end a season of television in some random segment from the last two novels. That's not really how television works. From a narrative stand point it doesn't really work because AFfC & ADwD represent a major shift into a different direction for both the book series and (very likely) the television show, as well. Logistically, why would they spend their time and resources on building sets that would be required for just one or two episodes in the current season, when they could be put off until they'll really be needed in the next one (Braavos, for example). Same goes for the casting, locations, etc. Whatever happens, the major characters will end their arcs very close to where they ended in the third book. If they do go beyond that, I wouldn't expect anything more than scenes like Jon traveling beyond the Wall with the Night's Watch, or Arya heading north with Yoren, and similar scenes of that nature.You've obviously spent a lot of time considering how the last third of ASoS will play out, but perhaps not enough on the more drastic adjustments necessary to get all of the most important material from Feast & Dance into the show without boring the audience.The most likely GoT run will be 7-8 seasons- D&D want 8 but they may have to make do with 7. In that case, it's pretty clear AFfC/ADwD should be done by the end of Season 5. That's a massive amount of material, so even with drastic cutting, a decent portion of it will have to come next season.
5255	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-30	I seriously hope they won't squeeze book 4 and 5 into one season, that would just be too much. I feel that those two books serve as build-up for the last two, that the last four books will be a much longer A Storm of Swords. At least that's what I hope. AFFC and ADWD were both build-up to something great, so imagine it will go like this: Season 5 will be a large part of books 4 and 5. Season 6 will be the end of those two books + the beginning of book 6, because much is obviously going to happen at the beginning of that book. It feels like the end of ADWD was moved to the beginning of TWOW. So season 5 will be alot of build-up, while season 6 will end on a high note. But that is just my wishful thinking.
On topic: They didn't show any Sam or Gilly in the preview, but they did show the Sam scene in the recap, so will we get Coldhands this episode? If so, this will be one hell of an episode. Queenscrown, Yunkai, Coldhands and a wedding! I can't think of anything else for Sam and Gilly than meeting Coldhands. They won't meet Bran and company in this episode, and the only important thing that happens to them before that is Coldhands. If not Coldhands, I have no idea. Having a filler Sam and Gilly scene in THIS episode just seems stupid.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 30 May 2013 - 08:43 AM.
5256	silentwanderer	2013-05-30	Also i would bet alot of Gold Dragons on Jamie telling Roose send my regards in the prevously on segmentAnd Bolton's promise to Kartstark someone would pay for his sons .It happened on 302 when they reached Harrenhal, they should include it in the previously segment at risk the audience could forget what started this too.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 30 May 2013 - 09:04 AM.
5257	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	I seriously hope they won't squeeze book 4 and 5 into one season, that would just be too much. I feel that those two books serve as build-up for the last two, that the last four books will be a much longer A Storm of Swords. At least that's what I hope. AFFC and ADWD were both build-up to something great, so imagine it will go like this: Season 5 will be a large part of books 4 and 5. Season 6 will be the end of those two books + the beginning of book 6, because much is obviously going to happen at the beginning of that book. It feels like the end of ADWD was moved to the beginning of TWOW. So season 5 will be alot of build-up, while season 6 will end on a high note. But that is just my wishful thinking.You can't have Dany sitting in Meereen for 20 episodes. I think the show will start tracking less to individual books and more as a whole ASOIAF adaptation by the second half of S4.
5258	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-30	The only storyline that present a lot of problems condensing is Jon Snow's. Even if you speed up his aDwD arc, there's no way they don't end S5 with his "death," meaning if they accelerate everyone else's arc a bit, his is going to be way behind in the books. This present a problem since eventually he'll have to interact with some of the other characters not at the wall. If everyone is getting through aDwD by the end of S4 and Jon's bit doesn't  end till the end of S5 it's just not going to work (probably).
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 30 May 2013 - 09:09 AM.
5259	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	The only storyline that present a lot of problems condensing is Jon Snow's. Even if you speed up his aDwD arc, there's no way they don't end S5 with his "death," meaning if they accelerate everyone else's arc a bit, his is going to be way behind in the books. This present a problem since eventually he'll have to interact with some of the other characters not at the wall. If everyone is getting through aDwD by the end of S4 and Jon's bit doesn't  end till the end of S5 it's just not going to work (probably).I agree. I was saying end AFfC/ADwD by the end of S5, and to do that you'd need a decent head start in S4. Dany and Bran might be able to get "parked" early (Dany in the Dothraki sea and Bran in Bloodraven's cave) to clear some space for the other threads.  Maybe you can pull in the Meereen battle from TWoW to the very end of S5 to avoid the frustrating triple cliffhanger readers are left with after ADwD.
5260	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-30	You can't have Dany sitting in Meereen for 20 episodes. I think the show will start tracking less to individual books and more as a whole ASOIAF adaptation by the second half of S4.I agree, and I'm interested in seeing exactly how they'll adapt those two huge books. I feel 10 episodes is too little, because there's so many storylines. But if it is two seasons, it will feel like nothing happens in a lot of the storylines, like having Dany sit in Mereen or Jon at the Wall for two seasons, as most of the storylines only have content enough for one season. They have a challenge, the biggest one all the characters and the pacing. Will they end up removing a lot of stuff to fit both books into one season? Or will they try to tell the different stories by, say, 15 episodes instead of 10 rushed ones. I believe 1-2 episodes next season will have a little material from AFFC and ADWD happening at the same time as the end of ASOS, and I believe season 6 will have 4-6 episodes to cover the rest of the two books, while some storylines will already have moved past those two books in those episodes. As you said, an adaptation of the series as a whole. While not much is happening in books 4 and 5, 10 episodes + some scenes in season 4 would just make it problematic to adapt TWOW, if Martin even has finished the book by then.
5261	Kasrith	2013-05-30	I totally agree with you, but I was actually talking about spoilers for the upcoming episode as in, leaked information, leaked pictures and so on. Not content from the books (which I've read), but actual visible content from the episode itself.Also, I'm presuming you're referring to Jon in the google anecdote. I was spoiled by Google on that front as well. What Jon/Google anecdote?
5262	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-30	What Jon/Google anecdote?"and if you type in some character names in google often the first search option to pop is "-character name- dies/death""
5263	Kasrith	2013-05-30	double post
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 30 May 2013 - 10:08 AM.
5264	Kasrith	2013-05-30	"and if you type in some character names in google often the first search option to pop is "-character name- dies/death""Oh i just checked that out, damn... I had the same kind of spoil looking for an actor name in Sopranos.
5265	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-30	I agree, and I'm interested in seeing exactly how they'll adapt those two huge books. I feel 10 episodes is too little, because there's so many storylines. But if it is two seasons, it will feel like nothing happens in a lot of the storylines, like having Dany sit in Mereen or Jon at the Wall for two seasons, as most of the storylines only have content enough for one season. They have a challenge, the biggest one all the characters and the pacing. Will they end up removing a lot of stuff to fit both books into one season? Or will they try to tell the different stories by, say, 15 episodes instead of 10 rushed ones. I believe 1-2 episodes next season will have a little material from AFFC and ADWD happening at the same time as the end of ASOS, and I believe season 6 will have 4-6 episodes to cover the rest of the two books, while some storylines will already have moved past those two books in those episodes. As you said, an adaptation of the series as a whole. While not much is happening in books 4 and 5, 10 episodes + some scenes in season 4 would just make it problematic to adapt TWOW, if Martin even has finished the book by then.As huge a book as AffC is, and I know some people will not agree with this, but almost nothing happens. So much can be cut because so much of it is not great TV. I don't really mean from a lack of action, but more because it's a LOT of internal monologue and redundancy within the stories. ADwD is a different story, much more happens, but I think combining them both for TV shouldn't take more than 13-15 episodes and those will have to go into S4, since ending S5 somewhere in the middle of Affc/ADwD would make for some pretty terrible endings.
5266	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	I agree, and I'm interested in seeing exactly how they'll adapt those two huge books. I feel 10 episodes is too little, because there's so many storylines. But if it is two seasons, it will feel like nothing happens in a lot of the storylines, like having Dany sit in Mereen or Jon at the Wall for two seasons, as most of the storylines only have content enough for one season. They have a challenge, the biggest one all the characters and the pacing. Will they end up removing a lot of stuff to fit both books into one season? Or will they try to tell the different stories by, say, 15 episodes instead of 10 rushed ones. I believe 1-2 episodes next season will have a little material from AFFC and ADWD happening at the same time as the end of ASOS, and I believe season 6 will have 4-6 episodes to cover the rest of the two books, while some storylines will already have moved past those two books in those episodes. As you said, an adaptation of the series as a whole. While not much is happening in books 4 and 5, 10 episodes + some scenes in season 4 would just make it problematic to adapt TWOW, if Martin even has finished the book by then.Sorry I know this has gotten totally off of this thread's topic- yes 10 is too little; I was saying 13 episodes covering books 4/5 (episodes 408-510) you're saying 15 (episodes 501-605)- whatever works, as long as season 5 isn't too many characters no big payoff. Also you have to consider if Feast/Dance takes you to 605, you're left with only 15 episodes for TWoW/ADoS if the show wraps in 7 seasons.
5267	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-30	As huge a book as AffC is, and I know some people will not agree with this, but almost nothing happens. So much can be cut because so much of it is not great TV. I don't really mean from a lack of action, but more because it's a LOT of internal monologue and redundancy within the stories. ADwD is a different story, much more happens, but I think combining them both for TV shouldn't take more than 13-15 episodes and those will have to go into S4, since ending S5 somewhere in the middle of Affc/ADwD would make for some pretty terrible endings.I can see that happening, but in that case I hope it will not make the ASOS content in season 4 suffer, the season must at least end with the big stuff that happens in ASOS, so the storylines from the two last books must happen at the same time. This will work for Bran and the Iron Islands, maybe Brienne, Dorne and Daenerys (though I think they'll end Daenery's story in season 4 with Mereen sewers and Jorah complications). 10 episodes for purely those two books is plausible, I just don't personally prefer it. But then again, I would like to have 8 seasons, not 7, seven just feels a bit rushed, especially if a lot is going down in the last two books. As for how to end season 5, I can imagine many AFFC/ADWD storylines ending there, and the beginning of season 6 is mostly ADWD/TWOW.Sorry I know this has gotten totally off of this thread's topic- yes 10 is too little; I was saying 13 episodes covering books 4/5 (episodes 408-510) you're saying 15 (episodes 501-605)- whatever works, as long as season 5 isn't too many characters no big payoff. Also you have to consider if Feast/Dance takes you to 605, you're left with only 15 episodes for TWoW/ADoS if the show wraps in 7 seasons.Even 20 episodes for books 6 and 7 makes me worried, because that probably means that as much stuff is going to happen at THE END of the series as in one book, A Storm of Swords, as far as the television adaptation goes. Only four more seasons after this one, and we have only gotten through about 2/3 of ASOS, I'm afraid they'll rush it. Oh, and GRRM will either have to write like the wind, or accept defeat. I don't think it's unrealistic to think that some storylines in books 4 and 5 will continue in the beginning of season 6. If they're really going for only 7 seasons, season 5 being AFFC/ADWD and season 6 being mainly TWOW seems realistic. I still hope they settle for 8 seasons /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
5268	Dysun	2013-05-30	I disagree with the notion that AFFC is going to be cut apart, I actually see it the opposite way. All they've done with the Lannisters vs Olenna/Margaery is just to build up that relationship once Tywin bites it and Cersei is regent. I expect that part of AFFC to make up a large part of the show going forward. Some of the extraneous travels of Brienne/Sam will be abridged and altered I'm sure, but the Kingsmoot and Dorne machinations are actually better suited for TV than books, it's easier to adjust to a new set of characters on screen than in prose.
5269	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	I disagree with the notion that AFFC is going to be cut apart, I actually see it the opposite way. All they've done with the Lannisters vs Olenna/Margaery is just to build up that relationship once Tywin bites it and Cersei is regent. I expect that part of AFFC to make up a large part of the show going forward. Some of the extraneous travels of Brienne/Sam will be abridged and altered I'm sure, Good point about the Tyrells. I wonder what they're going to do with Jaime though- I think either send him off with Brienne or keep him at King's Landing. I can't see them spending much time on his pacifying the Riverlands. Sorry, still off topic.
5270	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-30	You've obviously spent a lot of time considering how the last third of ASoS will play out, but perhaps not enough on the more drastic adjustments necessary to get all of the most important material from Feast & Dance into the show without boring the audience.The most likely GoT run will be 7-8 seasons- D&D want 8 but they may have to make do with 7. In that case, it's pretty clear AFfC/ADwD should be done by the end of Season 5. That's a massive amount of material, so even with drastic cutting, a decent portion of it will have to come next season.AFfC & ADwD (and probably some of TWoW, including at least one of the battles) will be finished by the fifth season, I agree, but it makes no sense for them to push into that material 3/4's of the way through a season (as you're proposing) just to end up with no real ending for the fourth season, and no real beginning for the fifth season. The majority of the material from the last two books that makes it into season four will be from the characters and locations listed above - all of the main characters will end their arcs very closely to where they ended in ASoS. Despite the fact that it's a "massive" amount of material, it's not a massive amount of cinematic material, and you're right to think that they'll be making some drastic changes. But they won't do so at the expense of their narrative or their budget, and so other than the characters who we know have to be into that material by next season, I'd expect most of the characters to have their arcs from these last two novels relatively contained to the fifth season. Even shows like The Wire had discernible arcs in retrospect when the season ended, despite the fact that it was very serialized (though novelized may be a more accurate description).But let's say that they do just decide to burn through the material and attempt to get as far into the last two books as they can next season... Where does everyone end up? What are their final scenes? Then, where do they begin - and, more importantly, end - next season? Some random part of their story line? These natural beginning and ending points provided by the books won't be abandoned, even if they end up being more approximate (and again; referring to the main cast of Jon, Dany, Tyrion, and Arya [in terms of the television show]). In any case, what would be you suggestions if they were to go that route?And just as an addendum, I do see the season that covers these last two books being extended to 12-13 episodes. How? By taking the place of True Blood in HBO's summer line-up, since that show likely end in 2014. That would give the writers and the rest of the cast and crew sufficient time to film at least two more episodes, possibly three (it's been reported that an episode of the show takes approximately 18 days to shoot), and would make adapting these last two books a much, much easier prospect. After that, I think they fall back into the ten episode per season production schedule, and stay in that programming spot (which would mean a lot less competition for the show, as well, coming off of what I think will be the best season yet with season four).
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 30 May 2013 - 12:09 PM.
5271	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-30	A longer season 5 would undeniably be a good thing. Having both books in one season with a couple more episodes wouldn't make it feel as rushed and shallow, while still keeping a good pace. Also, seasons 4 and 6 wouldn't have to deal that much with AFFC and ADWD, which would be great. As long as season 5 builds a good, solid foundation for seasons 6 and 7, I should be pleased.
5272	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-30	The thing is, S4 will end more or less the same for the major characters, but some of the stuff that happens in AFFC can happen in S4 (Iron Born, Dorne) since the middle of the season will have plenty of time to fit other storylines in that don't necessarily depend on other things happening simultaneously. Some of the stuff that sequentially does have to happen after aSoS is most likely to get cut (Like Brienne, some of Cersei's stuff, some of Arya's clam selling) so that it can make way for a lot of the aDwD content to happen in S4, except for Jon who's just way behind right now so I guess that's the major issue for me.
5273	Frumpus	2013-05-30	AFFC and ADwD can easily fit into season 5 as long as they cut out the Dorne and Greyjoy Brother POVs. I think it's pretty obvious by now that Dorne has no essential role in the overall storyline, and neither do Victarion or Aeron. I can see Euron appearing briefly since he doesn't have a POV. This combined season 5 would only feature the essential POVs from previous seasons and there won't be any major new POVs. Quentyn might show up but he'll be minimized and most certainly won't be treated as a separate POV.
5274	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-30	AFFC and ADwD can easily fit into season 5 as long as they cut out the Dorne and Greyjoy Brother POVs. I think it's pretty obvious by now that Dorne has no essential role in the overall storyline, and neither do Victarion or Aeron. I can see Euron appearing briefly since he doesn't have a POV. This combined season 5 would only feature the essential POVs from previous seasons and there won't be any major new POVs. Quentyn might show up but he'll be minimized and most certainly won't be treated as a separate POV.It actually looks like Dorne is going to play a major role. They're possibly the least affected by the wars whereas the Greyjoys seem to just be plot devices to get things in the right places.
5275	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-30	AFFC and ADwD can easily fit into season 5 as long as they cut out the Dorne and Greyjoy Brother POVs. I think it's pretty obvious by now that Dorne has no essential role in the overall storyline, and neither do Victarion or Aeron. I can see Euron appearing briefly since he doesn't have a POV. This combined season 5 would only feature the essential POVs from previous seasons and there won't be any major new POVs. Quentyn might show up but he'll be minimized and most certainly won't be treated as a separate POV.For the most part, I'd expect a lot of the material that takes place with the Ironborn (basically, everything up to and including the kingsmoot) will happen in season four, where it takes place chronologically in the story. That reduces the number of characters who need to be introduced in season five, while also keeping the number of story lines fairly consistent with where the show is now (since certain plot threads will be gone or merged, by that time). Besides, I think Euron & Victarion (and Aeron, if he's cast) will work much better on television than they did in the books. I think that whole plot line will work better on the show than it did in the books, actually, because it will be pared down to what's essential. Same with Dorne, which I expect to have a big part to play in the end game of the story of <i>A Song of Ice & Fire</i>.
5276	Ironborn Iditarod	2013-05-30	It actually looks like Dorne is going to play a major role. They're possibly the least affected by the wars whereas the Greyjoys seem to just be plot devices to get things in the right places. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   100%.  I don't know how anyone that has read Feast and Dragons can say Dorne has no essential role in the storyline.  They look to be moving towards major players in the coming war(s) in Westeros.  The same with the Ironborn.  Not only do we have Victarion in the midst of Dany/Tyrion/Barristan/Jorah, but Euron's forces that he sent coming into the Old Town/Tyrell territory as well.  King's Landing forces will soon face multiple attacks at different fronts from non-connected forces.  I'd say House Martell & Greyjoy are some of the biggest players remaining in the story.
5277	Ravi Seaworth	2013-05-30	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   100%.  I don't know how anyone that has read Feast and Dragons can say Dorne has no essential role in the storyline.  They look to be moving towards major players in the coming war(s) in Westeros.  The same with the Ironborn.  Not only do we have Victarion in the midst of Dany/Tyrion/Barristan/Jorah, but Euron's forces that he sent coming into the Old Town/Tyrell territory as well.  King's Landing forces will soon face multiple attacks at different fronts from non-connected forces.  I'd say House Martell & Greyjoy are some of the biggest players remaining in the story.80 thousand spears (correct me if I'm wrong) is a sufficiently strong reason to believe that, I think.
5278	silentwanderer	2013-05-30	It actually looks like Dorne is going to play a major role. They're possibly the least affected by the wars whereas the Greyjoys seem to just be plot devices to get things in the right places.I think they need to introduce Dorne next season along with Oberyn's plot.Their politics are supposed to guide several actions across the Narrow Sea in the upcoming two seasons. Not to mention, Myrcella is supposed to live there since last season.ETA: Victarion or Aeron can get cut short depending on whether they would use a kraken to ride the third dragon or not.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 30 May 2013 - 03:16 PM.
5279	Arkash	2013-05-30	For Dorne introduction... let's have Arianne accompany him at KL and having her storm out of KL at the end of the season, after her uncle's death, swearing revenge, thus proving the Martells do really like vengeance stories and setting them up for season 5.
5280	The Monkey	2013-05-30	80 thousand spears (correct me if I'm wrong) is a sufficiently strong reason to believe that, I think.More like 20,000
5281	Weeping Sore	2013-05-30	ETA: Victarion or Aeron can get cut short depending on whether they would use a kraken to ride the third dragon or not.Plot-wise, Isn't the main reason the Iron Fleet's coming  to Slaver's Bay- to provide Dany with all the ships she needs to get to Westeros?
5282	Warhawk137	2013-05-30	"and if you type in some character names in google often the first search option to pop is "-character name- dies/death""And while we're on the topic, I might direct your attention to such helpful Google suggestions as "Janos Slynt Executed", "Balon Greyjoy Death", and, of course, "Theon Greyjoy Ramsay Bolton."
5283	silentwanderer	2013-05-30	Plot-wise, Isn't the main reason the Iron Fleet's coming  to Slaver's Bay- to provide Dany with all the ships she needs to get to Westeros?No, it was so that Victarion's brother would marry Daenerys. Victarion was planning to marry her instead until he found a Red Priest and it's somewhat revealed he's meant to be the third rider: the kraken.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 30 May 2013 - 07:29 PM.
5284	LordStoneheart	2013-05-30	No, it was so that Victarion's brother would marry Daenerys. Victarion was planning to marry her instead until he found a Red Priest and it's somewhat revealed he's meant to be the third rider: the kraken.Except he's much less likely to be the third rider because of how late he was introduced in the series as a POV. I suppose the counter argument is that Aegon VI came late in the story, but most believe he is just a blackfyre pretender. Victarion's point seems to be to get Dany's army to Westeros. Not his personal motives because he is trying to make her his wife, but his place in the story as a whole is most likely just a transporter. There's much more evidence for others being a Rider. Namely, Bran, Jon, and Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 30 May 2013 - 09:39 PM.
5285	The Real Summer Islander	2013-05-30	Always informative to include the "Previously on" recap here as well as it often fills in the blanks of what will happen in the episode that the promo sometimes doesn't fully cover:https://www.youtube....h?v=Ej0Cy2_yOfYAs you can see, we'll also be visiting with Sam again in addition to the storylines mentioned.  Best guess is the intro of Coldhands since we know from previous trailers that in the finale Sam will meet up with Bran.gosh i hope so, i thought coldhand would be in epiode 8.
5286	The Knight of Flours	2013-05-30	For Dorne introduction... let's have Arianne accompany him at KL and having her storm out of KL at the end of the season, after her uncle's death, swearing revenge, thus proving the Martells do really like vengeance stories and setting them up for season 5.Yep that would be enough.  And for Iron Islands, just show a quick Kingsmoot and then Vic/Yarasha sailing away on their own missions, to be continued when absolutely necessary in future seasons.
5287	silentwanderer	2013-05-30	The only reason I doubt Aegon is the second rider is because Dani is also a dragon and, as of the end of the last book, she was already riding a dragon.
The kraken would  also relate to House Greyjoy, for it would give a purpose to Yara/Asha and Theon even if they die after the siege at Stannis's camp: this was always about bringing their uncle closer to his dragon (and put the Iron fleet in the service of his cause) .
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 30 May 2013 - 11:40 PM.
5288	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-05-31	For Dorne introduction... let's have Arianne accompany him at KL and having her storm out of KL at the end of the season, after her uncle's death, swearing revenge, thus proving the Martells do really like vengeance stories and setting them up for season 5.I have also considered this, winning us over to Arianne early.  They did make season 3 the "Learn and Love the Tyrells Season".  So season 4 could be Dorne.I always felt that my love of Dorne came and went with the Viper and every Arianne chapter I read gave me the feeling of ..."oh yea...this..."
5289	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	I have also considered this, winning us over to Arianne early.  They did make season 3 the "Learn and Love the Tyrells Season".  So season 4 could be Dorne.I always felt that my love of Dorne came and went with the Viper and every Arianne chapter I read gave me the feeling of ..."oh yea...this..."Yep. Arianne is probably my least favorite POV character. I seriously hope the show will manage to enhance her character!
5290	Tony Inchpractice	2013-05-31	The trailer suggests that the Blackfish will not be at the Red Wedding. Thank god.
5291	Arkash	2013-05-31	As for what we were seing about Dorne and Iron Island introductions.
Yeah, I really feel Arianne coming at KL with Oberyn is the right move to introduce her and the vengeance story and thematic about the Martells !
For the Kingsmoot, some scenes here and there during season 4, ending with the crowning of Euron and Yara sailing away. Thus making the viewer wonder, for next season, "Heh, what will come out of this ?"
5292	Xray the Enforcer	2013-05-31	[mod] Please do not discuss whatever that person over at IMDB is posting about having seen the show. Thank you. [/mod]
5293	Arkash	2013-05-31	Oh, guys, I've just had an idea ! 
What if, next episode, Anguy and some other members of the Brotherhood track Arya and the Hound (they are good pisters after all), trying to get Arya back.
And the Hound kills them all (we've seen him fighting in the woods in a trailer), this would be epic ! 
And then, finally, the scene were Arya threatens him for what he has done to Anguy ! Thus keeping her hatred intact !
Oh, I'm so sure this will happen now !
5294	protar	2013-05-31	Oh, guys, I've just had an idea !What if, next episode, Anguy and some other members of the Brotherhood track Arya and the Hound (they are good pisters after all), trying to get Arya back.And the Hound kills them all (we've seen him fighting in the woods in a trailer), this would be epic !And then, finally, the scene were Arya threatens him for what he has done to Anguy ! Thus keeping her hatred intact !Oh, I'm so sure this will happen now !I feel that if that does happen (though there's no evidence of course) it'll be in S4 where Arya's story needs a fair bit of padding out.
5295	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	The trailer suggests that the Blackfish will not be at the Red Wedding. Thank god.Blackfish should get his own POV. I would much rather have read about the Blackfish than Arianne, that Kingsguard guy in Dorne or Quentyn. While I understand those plots are important, the characters aren't necessarily that interesting to read about. On the contrary, reading about the Blackfish eating dinner would be much more interesting IMHO.If they kill the Blackfish, the fans will kill D&D. I don't think D&D are eager to die, so he'll survive.
5296	Rhyella Targaryen	2013-05-31	I am not going to expect what I want from this two left episodes like I did with the House of The Undying...I will just let things flow and hope Talisa dies. That's all I want.
5297	Talbot	2013-05-31	I just hope that in the event that certain small, non-plot changing details are changed/removed, we don't get the same amount of complaining. Let the narrative flow.
5298	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-05-31	so i tried to post a new "predictions" thread, but it looks like they aren't approving it so i'll add my thoughts here.
some speculation:
- if the dreadfort is too far away, then probably ramsay won't be at the RW.  though he could, we haven't seen him in a few episodes... what do you guys think about the reveal as him being the one to stab robb (which would really explain the long drawn out reveal, and the stabber was supposed to be a bolton)?  ok, long shot i know.  probably more likely it will be roose saying "oh yeah, my bastard is holding theon, here's a piece of his finger (gods, i HOPE it's his finger) and btw, ramsay says he confessed to killing bran and rickon."  and then this, on top of just having learned about the sansa-tyrion marriage, is what prompts robb to name jon his heir.
because right now, in the show, robb apparently is holding out hope that his brothers are alive.  maybe the reason they've been doing that is so that their "deaths" can be confirmed during this episode, for this purpose?
the other effect of this would be that cat would learn that bran and rickon are "dead" right before the RW, so it will be a 1-2-3 punch: learning about sansa, learning about bran and rickon, then seeing robb killed, and will make her insanity even more understandable and horrible, losing all her kids at once.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />   i wonder if we will have to see her raking her face off with her nails.  i don't think i'm looking forward to that.
- also, i don't think they will violate the unwritten rules of animal violence in film/tv... i don't think we will see grey wind's head on robb's body.  we will probably learn about it from tywin or tyrion talking about, just like the books.... cause if they show that, they risk losing a lot of viewers.
sorry if these theories have been gone over ad nauseum already, i haven't read every single page of these threads!
5299	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	the other effect of this would be that cat would learn that bran and rickon are "dead" right before the RW, so it will be a 1-2-3 punch: learning about sansa, learning about bran and rickon, then seeing robb killed, and will make her insanity even more understandable and horrible, losing all her kids at once.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />   i wonder if we will have to see her raking her face off with her nails.  i don't think i'm looking forward to that.Doesn't she already know about Bran and Rickon?And her raking her face with her fingernails will be even more disturbing than in the book /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
5300	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-05-31	Doesn't she already know about Bran and Rickon?well, they make it unconfirmed.  she does seem to pretty much guess it, but all they officially know is that after winterfell burned, they couldn't find the boys.  and remember the blackfish says robb believes they escaped.
5301	The Frision Wolf	2013-05-31	I really hope they include the scene about the will. I agree on that !!! And you  guys what about Arya and her dreams ?? Killing that Vargo Hoat guy ! I thought that was pretty cool 2 ! imagine seeing that on screen. I think that arya will eventually find her Wolf and the pac she has gathered (but thats a lil off topic I'm sorry)
5302	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-05-31	Blackfish should get his own POV. I would much rather have read about the Blackfish than Arianne, that Kingsguard guy in Dorne or Quentyn. While I understand those plots are important, the characters aren't necessarily that interesting to read about. On the contrary, reading about the Blackfish eating dinner would be much more interesting IMHO.If they kill the Blackfish, the fans will kill D&D. I don't think D&D are eager to die, so he'll survive.Quentyn should be one of the more interesting storylines in season 5; it should play out a lot better on screen than it was to read. I really hope they include him in the series.
5303	Arkash	2013-05-31	so it will be a 1-2-3 punch: learning about sansa, learning about bran and rickon, then seeing robb killed, and will make her insanity even more understandable and horrible, losing all her kids at once.   /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />   i wonder if we will have to see her raking her face off with her nails.  i don't think i'm looking forward to that.It is even possible she sees Arya for a brief moment if Arya makes it to the room ! Last moment of hope before the end.
5304	The Frision Wolf	2013-05-31	I dont think we will see, Balon Greyjoy and Theon Sister Asha. They havent bin in the whole season, there are rules about that. All caracters need an introduction every season.
5305	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-05-31	It is even possible she sees Arya for a brief moment if Arya makes it to the room ! Last moment of hope before the end.oh god.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
5306	ebevan91	2013-05-31	oh god.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Oooh, I really hope this happens even though it'd piss off the purists.I dont think we will see, Balon Greyjoy and Theon Sister Asha. They havent bin in the whole season, there are rules about that. All caracters need an introduction every season.Asha is in one of the season 3 trailers so we'll see her.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 31 May 2013 - 01:47 PM.
5307	The Frision Wolf	2013-05-31	Your right, normally they introduce the caracters when they bin off screen for a time. But just watched the trailer. thanx pointing out the fact that i was full off Sh*T hahah. It looks like a sort of rituel ( maby a funeral)
5308	Shit_for_Honour	2013-05-31	Your right, normally they introduce the caracters when they bin off screen for a time. But just watched the trailer. thanx pointing out the fact that i was full off Sh*T hahah. It looks like a sort of rituel ( maby a funeral)I was just about to say I think she'll turn up first at Balon's funeral.
5309	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	Your right, normally they introduce the caracters when they bin off screen for a time. But just watched the trailer. thanx pointing out the fact that i was full off Sh*T hahah. It looks like a sort of rituel ( maby a funeral)Hmmm, I wonder whose funeral that might be ...Quentyn should be one of the more interesting storylines in season 5; it should play out a lot better on screen than it was to read. I really hope they include him in the series.Yeah, I think many of the storylines in books 4 and 5 will turn out to be much more interesting and engaging and exciting on screen than on page. I believe the showriters have to make them more interesting in order to keep the audience.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 31 May 2013 - 01:58 PM.
5310	silentwanderer	2013-05-31	I was just about to say I think she'll turn up first at Balon's funeral.Which means she should be in episode 9, if not 10.
5311	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-05-31	Which means she should be in episode 9, if not 10.probably 10, don't you think?  robb has to die first, if the leeches are indeed in order.
5312	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-31	Which means she should be in episode 9, if not 10.Well considering those are the only two episodes left in the season for which she appears in the trailer i would say that's a wonderful guess /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5313	Nymeria...gloves..	2013-05-31	Yeah, I really feel Arianne coming at KL with Oberyn is the right move to introduce her and the vengeance story and thematic about the Martells !In Season 4, Instead of just having the Viper introduced, they could bring Arianne and Marcella to Kings landing as well.  This will establish Dorne as a powerful threat to the Lannisters (like the Tyrells), and the Dornish could dangle Marcella in front of Cersei to drive her nuts.Arianne to King's Landing could be used to build up Cerseis story line.Book Cersei does practically NOTHING in Storm of swordsTv Cersei has more substance, screen time and is practically top billedBook 3 becoming 2 seasons created a lot of problems of what to do with their top actress.
5314	iheartseverus	2013-05-31	From a Liam Cunningham interview with AccessHollywood.  No spoilers, just his impression of Ep.9:<U+0080><U+009C>Listen, I<U+0080><U+0099>ve been here before, I<U+0080><U+0099>ve promised you extraordinary,<U+0080><U+009D> he told Access, referring to our Season 2 interviews with the actor where he hinted at the magic that was then ahead. <U+0080><U+009C>But what we<U+0080><U+0099>ve got coming on in the later episodes [of Season 3], and not to diminish the build-up to this, but I have to say, Episode 9 of this show, will blow the top of your head off.<U+0080><U+009C>Organize medication, organize a doctor, organize psychiatric help and a small holiday,<U+0080><U+009D> he added, laughing.
5315	silentwanderer	2013-05-31	probably 10, don't you think?  robb has to die first, if the leeches are indeed in order.I'm hoping Asha/Yara would have a scene before Baelon's funeral to establish what the Greyjoys have been doing to track Theon.He's been tortured the whole season, it's important to remind the audience he's Baelon's son.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 31 May 2013 - 02:10 PM.
5316	Arkash	2013-05-31	I could see episode 10 opening in a storm and a man falls from a bridge, then body of Balon is washed-up on the rocks.
Then, funerals with Yara and a red sail appears on the horizon.
Yara stating : "My uncle, Euron the Crow's Eye comes back at Pyke after so many years the day my father dies..."
5317	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	From a Liam Cunningham interview with AccessHollywood.  No spoilers, just his impression of Ep.9:Ha, that last part! Walder Frey would have needed all that before the wedding, maybe things would have turned out differently ... /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I am looking more forward to this episode than Blackwater, which tells something about the book and television series. Big battles are awesome, but they're not necessarily as awesome as pure, brutal slaughter and the desperate cries of the unsullied /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I am gonna watch this with my friend. He looked at some maps of Westeros last week, and when he found Casterly Rock, he said: "And Robb and the others are on their way to that place." To which I replied: "No, they're going to the Twins first, for the wedding, don't you remember?", showing him where the Twins are. He just looked disappointed and said: "All they way up there? It will take a long time before Robb reaches Casterly Rock." Oh, that poor bastard! All I could say was: "Yes, it's going to take some time ..."
5318	Timotheus	2013-05-31	I don't dare to talk with my unsullied brother about anything GOT related.. I'm afraid I'm going to spoil everything for him, because I'm a terrible liar. We were talking about it last week, and my other brother suddenly accidentally spoiled him by talking about how fucked up 'The bastard of Bolton' is. My unsullied brother pieced the puzzle together and figured 'Boy' is Ramsay (he's read the first 2 books and the first half of the 3th book). The Bolton's are on his radar now..
5319	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	I don't dare to talk with my unsullied brother about anything GOT related.. I'm afraid I'm going to spoil everything for him, because I'm a terrible liar. We were talking about it last week, and my other brother suddenly accidentally spoiled him by talking about how fucked up 'The bastard of Bolton' is. My unsullied brother pieced the puzzle together and figured 'Boy' is Ramsay (he's read the first 2 books and the first half of the 3th book). The Bolton's are on his radar now..I hinted him that the guy torturing Theon was the same guy blowing the horn, and that he had been mentioned earlier in season 2. After some time he figured it was Bolton's bastard, but he hasn't picked up on anything. He thinks both Roose and Ramsay (not even the Stranger knows why) are awesome, but he has no idea that Ramsay is more Roose than he thinks ...
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 31 May 2013 - 02:39 PM.
5320	Tony Inchpractice	2013-05-31	I could see episode 10 opening in a storm and a man falls from a bridge, then body of Balon is washed-up on the rocks.Then, funerals with Yara and a red sail appears on the horizon.Yara stating : "My uncle, Euron the Crow's Eye comes back at Pyke after so many years the day my father dies..."I had an idea that they might have something like Daenerys' vision in the House of the Undying in the books, but instead as someone's dream where they walk through the aftermath of the Red Wedding in the Twins, which would be initially similar to the scene at the start of the series where Robb<U+0080><U+0099>s army discover the massacre at Harrenhall, and eventually discover dead Robb with the wolf's head.
					
					
							Edited by Tony Inchpractice, 31 May 2013 - 03:57 PM.
5321	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	Ha, that last part! Walder Frey would have needed all that before the wedding, maybe things would have turned out differently ... /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I am looking more forward to this episode than Blackwater, which tells something about the book and television series. Big battles are awesome, but they're not necessarily as awesome as pure, brutal slaughter and the desperate cries of the unsullied /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I am gonna watch this with my friend. He looked at some maps of Westeros last week, and when he found Casterly Rock, he said: "And Robb and the others are on their way to that place." To which I replied: "No, they're going to the Twins first, for the wedding, don't you remember?", showing him where the Twins are. He just looked disappointed and said: "All they way up there? It will take a long time before Robb reaches Casterly Rock." Oh, that poor bastard! All I could say was: "Yes, it's going to take some time ..."PLEASE get video of this for me!!!!!   /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> Seriously, a youtube channel is in order for videos of these Unsullied viewers watching the Red Wedding.  HBO should do a documentary on it!
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 31 May 2013 - 04:36 PM.
5322	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	PLEASE get video of this for me!!!!!   /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Seriously, a youtube channel is in order for videos of these Unsullied viewers watching the Red Wedding.  HBO should do a documentary on it!That would indeed be awesome. Some of the reactions to Ned Stark are priceless, I can only imagine the reactions to this one. People who read the book threw it away, I can imagine people throwing their computers away, or possibly remotes or other things at the TV, possibly destroying the devices. I would love to see that /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
5323	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	That would indeed be awesome. Some of the reactions to Ned Stark are priceless, I can only imagine the reactions to this one. People who read the book threw it away, I can imagine people throwing their computers away, or possibly remotes or other things at the TV, possibly destroying the devices. I would love to see that /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I am obsessed with all of the versions of The Rains of Castamere on youtube.Here are a couple of my favorites:https://www.youtube....h?v=mRyID0RqZbshttps://www.youtube....h?v=2l7wzOaODYQ
5324	shiola	2013-05-31	Guys.  I don't know if I can handle watching this episode.  For the past two weeks my unsullied brother has gone on at length about how excited he is because he has heard the term Red Wedding and is CONVINCED it's Joff's wedding.  He's shown me all the foreshadowing he's picked up so far this season, he's gone on and on about Margaery, and he's just so pumped for this episode.Cat is his favorite character.  He said he's happy because if any character doesn't die, it's her.  There's no way Cat can die, he said.  She's not in any danger, and they haven't shown her enough.  He's going to be destroyed.The past few days I've not really eaten or slept because I've been so anxious about seeing the RW on TV.  It's so devastating in the books, I can't imagine it on TV.  I don't want to watch it.  But I have to, for him, because watching it together is our tradition.  If it weren't for him, someone would have to sit me down and strap me to the chair to force me to watch it.And I have NO ONE TO TELL THIS TO because all my GoT friends are unsullied.  So I'm just word-vomiting on the board.  Someone hold my hair back and tell me it'll be okay.Also I'm PMSing.  What have I done to offend the gods that they would shove this upon me when I am at my most unstable?
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 31 May 2013 - 05:14 PM.
5325	sati	2013-05-31	And I have NO ONE TO TELL THIS TO because all my GoT friends are unsullied.  So I'm just word-vomiting on the board.  Someone hold my hair back and tell me it'll be okay.It will be okay /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5326	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-05-31	What exactly is happening around :30 - two shirtless dudes fighting with a Tully banner behind them? I would guess that is some of the hostilities at the Red Wedding (the massacre occurring in the tents outside the keep), but I sure hope not, because that looks stupid.
5327	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	Guys.  I don't know if I can handle watching this episode.  For the past two weeks my unsullied brother has gone on at length about how excited he is because he has heard the term Red Wedding and is CONVINCED it's Joff's wedding.  He's shown me all the foreshadowing he's picked up so far this season, he's gone on and on about Margaery, and he's just so pumped for this episode.Cat is his favorite character.  He said he's happy because if any character doesn't die, it's her.  There's no way Cat can die, he said.  She's not in any danger, and they haven't shown her enough.  He's going to be destroyed.The past few days I've not really eaten or slept because I've been so anxious about seeing the RW on TV.  It's so devastating in the books, I can't imagine it on TV.  I don't want to watch it.  But I have to, for him, because watching it together is our tradition.  If it weren't for him, someone would have to sit me down and strap me to the chair to force me to watch it.And I have NO ONE TO TELL THIS TO because all my GoT friends are unsullied.  So I'm just word-vomiting on the board.  Someone hold my hair back and tell me it'll be okay.Also I'm PMSing.  What have I done to offend the gods that they would shove this upon me when I am at my most unstable?Well, at least someone has a heart here. Good luck. I am looking forw ... now when I think about it, it's going to be horrible to watch. Seeing the Old Bear die was brutal enough. Lord, this is going to be terrible to watch, but so rewarding when watching the reactions of all those poor souls, heh.
5328	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	What exactly is happening around :30 - two shirtless dudes fighting with a Tully banner behind them? I would guess that is some of the hostilities at the Red Wedding (the massacre occurring in the tents outside the keep), but I sure hope not, because that looks stupid.Probably just people having some fun before the storm of swords
5329	shiola	2013-05-31	Well, at least someone has a heart here. Good luck. I am looking forw ... now when I think about it, it's going to be horrible to watch. Seeing the Old Bear die was brutal enough. Lord, this is going to be terrible to watch, but so rewarding when watching the reactions of all those poor souls, heh.I have too much of a heart.  Game of Thrones was never meant for me, haha.  It's torn my soul.I cringe when I see the word "heh".
5330	Filleted Man	2013-05-31	Supposedly their is a guy on IMDB spoiling it. After the scandal with the liar last time I don't think we should take it as truth.
This guy has apparently spoiled things accurately before though and ALLOT of people are saying he is legit. Searching for it now, this is just what they are saying on WIC
5331	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-31	They deserve it for using IMDB.
lol just kidding. But seriously IMDB sucks.
5332	Filleted Man	2013-05-31	Found them, the guy seems like he has no idea what he is talking about. (thinks Walder Frey is a king and Robb was getting married)
Likely fake, and not a big deal.
One interesting bit though:
He says Cat kills Walder Frey's wife. That doesn't sound unrealistic.
5333	The Lord of Cinder	2013-05-31	Found them, the guy seems like he has no idea what he is talking about. (thinks Walder Frey is a king and Robb was getting married)Likely fake, and not a big deal.One interesting bit though:He says Cat kills Walder Frey's wife. That doesn't sound unrealistic.This was discussed earlier, but the moderators removed all the posts, even an entire thread, I believe (the episode 9 synopsis thread?). Ignore him, some idiot who whores for attention at IMDB is nothing to care about. He knows nothing.
5334	Ironborn Iditarod	2013-05-31	What exactly is happening around :30 - two shirtless dudes fighting with a Tully banner behind them? I would guess that is some of the hostilities at the Red Wedding (the massacre occurring in the tents outside the keep), but I sure hope not, because that looks stupid.My thoughts are it's a scene from when Arya/Hound are entering the outskirts of the festivities.  I remember in the book they pass by many of the tents and see all the drinking and laughing and toasting going on.  I just recall her saying they are all packed in there with nowhere to go.
5335	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	What exactly is happening around :30 - two shirtless dudes fighting with a Tully banner behind them? I would guess that is some of the hostilities at the Red Wedding (the massacre occurring in the tents outside the keep), but I sure hope not, because that looks stupid. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   That snippet would be a silly battle.  To me it appears to be the Northmen getting silly drunk before all hell breaks loose.
5336	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-31	Yah, man. False sense of security and all that. Show that people are relaxed and having a good time.
5337	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-05-31	My thoughts are it's a scene from when Arya/Hound are entering the outskirts of the festivities.  I remember in the book they pass by many of the tents and see all the drinking and laughing and toasting going on.  I just recall her saying they are all packed in there with nowhere to go. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   That snippet would be a silly battle.  To me it appears to be the Northmen getting silly drunk before all hell breaks loose.Sounds about right. What a weird clip to use in the trailer, but I guess it worked in that it made me curious.From what I recall of the Arya's Red-Wedding chapter, the massacre is already underway when she and The Hound arrive. Am I wrong? Or are D&D going to do that differently, too, in addition to everything else about the King in the North's arc?
5338	go joff go	2013-05-31	I'm actually hoping that they find a way to let CAt/Robb know Arya and maybe even Bran /Rickon is alive before it all goes down, would just up the tragedy factor.  I've speculated earlier that a pretty screwed up way to do that is to have Ramsey be at the wedding and tell them that they are alive.  IT has the added bonus of making the audience think the Boltons are loyal and IMO would be a cool and simple (not confusing) way to reveal RAmsey, to have him introduced by his father.  Even better if he actually brought Theon and Theon somehow tries to unsuccessfully save/warn Robb.
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 31 May 2013 - 08:09 PM.
5339	Yago	2013-05-31	Sounds about right. What a weird clip to use in the trailer, but I guess it worked in that it made me curious.From what I recall of the Arya's Red-Wedding chapter, the massacre is already underway when she and The Hound arrive. Am I wrong? Or are D&D going to do that differently, too, in addition to everything else about the King in the North's arc?No, all is still good when they arrive. Then they see the tents collapsing and Freys riding out of the Twins. They kill some of them, and the Hound hits Arya with an axe.
5340	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-31	Sounds about right. What a weird clip to use in the trailer, but I guess it worked in that it made me curious.From what I recall of the Arya's Red-Wedding chapter, the massacre is already underway when she and The Hound arrive. Am I wrong? Or are D&D going to do that differently, too, in addition to everything else about the King in the North's arc?Nope, they almost make it to the castle. So people were partying and whatnot but she didn't see any direwolf sigils or any one she knew. They get to the castle right about the time people start rushing out from killing Robb. Then she sees them light the rigged tents.Which just made me realize, the Hound gets her out of there despite being terrified (he must have been). Just like he offered to do with Sansa.dangit, /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 31 May 2013 - 08:27 PM.
5341	WolframTarant	2013-05-31	This was discussed earlier, but the moderators removed all the posts, even an entire thread, I believe (the episode 9 synopsis thread?). Ignore him, some idiot who whores for attention at IMDB is nothing to care about. He knows nothing.I really hope you're right. It seems like I always manage to run into spoilers no matter what so... It's getting really annoying.
5342	Warden of the North121	2013-05-31	Edit: apologies on mentioning the imdb guy. Didn't see the mod post.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 31 May 2013 - 08:48 PM.
5343	Q the Cat	2013-05-31	I really hope you're right. It seems like I always manage to run into spoilers no matter what so... It's getting really annoying.I'm really curious as to how these people actually get to view the episode before hand.
5344	Talbot	2013-05-31	A little less than 2 days until we get to see what we've waited so long to see.
5345	jotabe1789	2013-05-31	I'm actually hoping that they find a way to let CAt/Robb know Arya and maybe even Bran /Rickon is alive before it all goes down, would just up the tragedy factor.  I've speculated earlier that a pretty screwed up way to do that is to have Ramsey be at the wedding and tell them that they are alive.  IT has the added bonus of making the audience think the Boltons are loyal and IMO would be a cool and simple (not confusing) way to reveal RAmsey, to have him introduced by his father.  Even better if he actually brought Theon and Theon somehow tries to unsuccessfully save/warn Robb.Otoh, for me, Cat's tragedy was that she "knew" that Bran and Rickon were dead, Arya was presumably dead, Sansa was trapped by enemies that would kill her as soon as she stopped being useful, and then seeing Rob, the last of her children, killed before her eyes...I'm really curious as to how these people actually get to view the episode before hand.Being in China, i don't know how HBO plays its shows on TV, but i would assume that programmers need to watch the episodes beforehand.
					
					
							Edited by jotabe1789, 31 May 2013 - 10:46 PM.
5346	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	Otoh, for me, Cat's tragedy was that she "knew" that Bran and Rickon were dead, Arya was presumably dead, Sansa was trapped by enemies that would kill her as soon as she stopped being useful, and then seeing Rob, the last of her children, killed before her eyes...yep, this is why i feel like the ramsay reveal is going to involve "confirming" bran and rickon's deaths (which will also lead to robb naming jon heir) right before cat sees robb stabbed.  loss upon loss upon loss.
5347	FattyPeon	2013-06-01	yep, this is why i feel like the ramsay reveal is going to involve "confirming" bran and rickon's deaths (which will also lead to robb naming jon heir) right before cat sees robb stabbed.  loss upon loss upon loss.Talisa is pregnant , so I don't see him naming Jon heir, which is annoying.edit- I guess he can be named heir until his baby comes of age, that still works.
					
					
							Edited by FattyPeon, 01 June 2013 - 01:17 AM.
5348	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	Talisa is pregnant , so I don't see him naming Jon heir, which is annoying.edit- I guess he can be named heir until his baby comes of age, that still works.yeah, who knows?  if he doesn't name him heir in the show, i guess we'll know it's not important in the books.  and come to think of it, i've always felt like jon is important enough - given his parentage and now whatever magical transformation is going to raise him from the dead - that he doesn't actually really need to be legitimized by a dead 16 year old rebel.  don't get me wrong, i love robb (sad face) but jon's just on another level.  plus, i don't know if robb's proclamation would be enough to make him forsake his vows.  dying and coming back to life on the other hand...regardless, i feel like *something* is going to be revealed about bran and rickon (via theon/ramsay info) just prior to the rw carnage, to up the tragedy factor for cat.
5349	Vicious Fire	2013-06-01	Do you guys think they'll include THAT scene of Grey Wind's head sewed to Robb's body?
I saw a facpic on FB and many people are doubting it.
5350	Nick_Scryer	2013-06-01	Do you guys think they'll include THAT scene of Grey Wind's head sewed to Robb's body?I saw a facpic on FB and many people are doubting it.Not in episode 9. I predict it will open ep10.
5351	Tywin Smokin a Blunt	2013-06-01	Im reasonably sure right at the very end you can see the bedding beginning at the Red Wedding, or at least a very tipsy Edmure.  However, still not sure this means it will happen Ep. 9, I still think the actual shock and awe moment will be in Ep. 10.
5352	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	Im reasonably sure right at the very end you can see the bedding beginning at the Red Wedding, or at least a very tipsy Edmure.  However, still not sure this means it will happen Ep. 9, I still think the actual shock and awe moment will be in Ep. 10.I reckon the massacre will definitely take place in Ep. 9, and Ep. 10 ought to start with Bran waking up from a dream in fright, perhaps Summer and Shaggydog could be going crazy, recognising the loss of Grey Wind, although that was never really established with Lady in the show.
5353	aFeastForDragons	2013-06-01	I'm making sure to watch this episode with my mates who haven't read the books so I can see their reaction. 
This is the reason they wanted to make the series so I'm expecting an incredible episode.
5354	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	Do you guys think they'll include THAT scene of Grey Wind's head sewed to Robb's body?I saw a facpic on FB and many people are doubting it.i don't think they will.  it seems there's an unspoken rule not to show animal violence in movies and tv, and i think they would risk losing a lot of viewers.  and they didn't show lady's death.  more likely they will just talk about it later (as we hear about it from a tyrion chapter in the book).but hell, all bets are off with this show, they could do anything!
5355	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	i don't think they will.  it seems there's an unspoken rule not to show animal violence in movies and tv, and i think they would risk losing a lot of viewers.  and they didn't show lady's death.  more likely they will just talk about it later (as we hear about it from a tyrion chapter in the book).but hell, all bets are off with this show, they could do anything!There was a huge (relatively speaking) outrage over Lady's death. Several people refused to watch the show again, which GRRM subsequently mocked on his blog, as those same people seemed unconcerned over Mycah's death.
5356	Ser Wun Wun	2013-06-01	Supposedly their is a guy on IMDB spoiling it. After the scandal with the liar last time I don't think we should take it as truth.This guy has apparently spoiled things accurately before though and ALLOT of people are saying he is legit. Searching for it now, this is just what they are saying on WICThe IMDB poster in question is legit in my opinion.  He used to make a weekly spoiler thread for each upcoming episode of the show Dexter during it's 7th season.  I used to read them (I'm a sucker for spoilers) and his info was always correct.  He never lied about anything in those threads, so I don't see why he would start now.  He was also always very polite from what I remember, despite numerous posters berating him and calling him a liar (like many GOT fans on IMDB and WiC are doing now).A poster below you said the mods were deleting any posts that mentioned the spoilers he gave out, so I won't go into detail even in tags, but I was very pleased by one spoiler he gave out in particular.  It will be a good episode, that's all I'll say  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 01 June 2013 - 05:13 AM.
5357	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-01	The IMDB poster in question is legit in my opinion.  He used to make a weekly spoiler thread for each upcoming episode of the show Dexter during it's 7th season.  I used to read them (I'm a sucker for spoilers) and his info was always correct.  He never lied about anything in those threads, so I don't see why he would start now.  He was also always very polite from what I remember, despite numerous posters berating him and calling him a liar (like many GOT fans on IMDB and WiC are doing now).A poster below you said the mods were deleting any posts that mentioned the spoilers he gave out, so I won't go into detail even in tags, but I was very pleased by one spoiler he gave out in particular.  It will be a good episode, that's all I'll say  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, I agree. I read the spoilers. They were somewhat vague and there was nothing particularly different from the books, but some things he said surprised me in a positive way. So, I advise everyone here to not worry and not spoil yourselves.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 01 June 2013 - 05:19 AM.
5358	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-01	Yeah, I agree. I read the spoilers. They were somewhat vague and there was nothing particularly different from the books, but some things he said surprised me in a positive way. So, I advise everyone here to not worry and not spoil yourselves.I concur, it seems that they kept everything that could have worked on TV, and it puts the rumor to rest (at last) about the allegiances of a certain character.
5359	go joff go	2013-06-01	Without talking about what the IMBD guy actually said, I too wonder from sort of a technical standpoint how a person can get an early edition of an episode.  Does anyone know anything about the distribution process when it comes to TV shows, basically the steps that have to happen between the finished product leaving the producers hand to it actually being aired.  Are there a lot of intermediary steps where a lot of people have the episode in their hand?
5360	FullMoonHowl	2013-06-01	i don't think they will.  it seems there's an unspoken rule not to show animal violence in movies and tv, and i think they would risk losing a lot of viewers.  and they didn't show lady's death.  more likely they will just talk about it later (as we hear about it from a tyrion chapter in the book).but hell, all bets are off with this show, they could do anything!I heard that it was filmed, i don't remember what article it was, but they mentioned something about an Ox's head (changing it in post-production) being placed on top of a body, or something silmilar to that.
5361	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	There was a huge (relatively speaking) outrage over Lady's death. Several people refused to watch the show again, which GRRM subsequently mocked on his blog, as those same people seemed unconcerned over Mycah's death.Oh, people are so funny. Also, they beheaded a horse, I guess that counts as animal violence. And Grey Wind is a CGI wolf, so I can't see why they won't show us Robbwind. Not in episode 9, that would just not work, but in the beginning of episode 10, as with Ned (RIP, Davos will take care of your legacy).Without talking about what the IMBD guy actually said, I too wonder from sort of a technical standpoint how a person can get an early edition of an episode.  Does anyone know anything about the distribution process when it comes to TV shows, basically the steps that have to happen between the finished product leaving the producers hand to it actually being aired.  Are there a lot of intermediary steps where a lot of people have the episode in their hand?We should end this conversation before the mods get mad again. If the guy actually is one of the few who has watched the episode, the only reason for him going on IMDB and telling that "Ha, I've seen the episode!", is to get attention. All those others haven't said a thing, even if probably everyone of them wants to tell what happens as much as him, so he's basically betraying the trust of everyone else. Also, how could he see early airings of both GoT and Dexter? Is he working on both shows, or is he some really important guy who gets to watch them before everyone else? Based on his grammar and spelling mistakes in addition to thinking Walder Frey is a king, I highly doubt that.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 07:48 AM.
5362	sati	2013-06-01	I heard that it was filmed, i don't remember what article it was, but they mentioned something about an Ox's head (changing it in post-production) being placed on top of a body, or something silmilar to that.Yep. I'd bet it will be the opening of Ep.10, probably the camera showing the aftermath of RW.
5363	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-06-01	i don't think they will.  it seems there's an unspoken rule not to show animal violence in movies and tv, and i think they would risk losing a lot of viewers.  and they didn't show lady's death.  more likely they will just talk about it later (as we hear about it from a tyrion chapter in the book).but hell, all bets are off with this show, they could do anything!Well they probably didn't show Lady's death on-screen because you can't get a dog to act like it's been stabbed.  As mentioned below, they did kill two horses (gruesomely) in Season 1.They don't have to show Grey Wind getting killed.  GRRM didn't "show" him getting killed in ASoS.  They just need one shot of wolfie-head Robb in the aftermath and then the audience will know that the wolf has also been killed, if they haven't already forgotten about him.  OR I guess they can just describe the scene though dialogue, which IIRC is how Martin did it.
5364	Arkash	2013-06-01	Still, the camera dezooming "RobbWind" at the end of episode 9 would still be epic... with only silence...
5365	Conchobar	2013-06-01	Still, the camera dezooming "RobbWind" at the end of episode 9 would still be epic... with only silence...Yeah with the camera on Grey Winds head first so that the audience don't know what to expect, is Grey Wind Still alive?? Oh wait, whats that, wha.....Oh my god...
5366	King Tommen	2013-06-01	Yeah with the camera on Grey Winds head first so that the audience don't know what to expect, is Grey Wind Still alive?? Oh wait, whats that, wha.....Oh my god...My opinion is that this would be an extremely effective opening scene of E10.  It's assumed there's a passing of time before that gruesome sight is staged.  I think the end of E9 will be essentially the end of Cat's POV chapter (ie, her death).
5367	sati	2013-06-01	My opinion is that this would be an extremely effective opening scene of E10.  It's assumed there's a passing of time before that gruesome sight is staged.  I think the end of E9 will be essentially the end of Cat's POV chapter (ie, her death).That's sounds about right, cutting from that to Robb/GW would be a bit unrealistic I mean Freys would need time to do...that.
5368	Cas Stark	2013-06-01	I might be wrong, but I don't think they will show it, they'll show Cat thrown into the river instead.
5369	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-06-01	There was a huge (relatively speaking) outrage over Lady's death. Several people refused to watch the show again, which GRRM subsequently mocked on his blog, as those same people seemed unconcerned over Mycah's death.If anyone says something familiar for Grey Wind, I may have to do some misquoting of Chandler Bing: "Yes, it was very sad when the guy stopped animating the direwolf!"As for the wolf-head thing, I'm all for that being the opening shot of Episode 10. It would be fantastically gruesome.
5370	Dysun	2013-06-01	I've always imagined Robbwind surrounded by corpses in the episode 10 opener, I think the throat slash is a great ending point for the episode like the book.
5371	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-01	I thought I heard a couple of months ago that someone on set saw someone(Madden?) with an ox head. Found it on WinterIsCominghttp://winteriscomin...rthern-ireland/
5372	Nick_Scryer	2013-06-01	If anyone says something familiar for Grey Wind, I may have to do some misquoting of Chandler Bing: "Yes, it was very sad when the guy stopped animating the direwolf!"As for the wolf-head thing, I'm all for that being the opening shot of Episode 10. It would be fantastically gruesome.It's a real wolf dude ^ Not animated. Just blown up in post to make it look bigger than it normally is, but I get your point. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Nick_Scryer, 01 June 2013 - 08:58 AM.
5373	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-01	It's a real wolf dude ^ Not animated. Just blown up in post to make it look bigger than it normally is, but I get your point. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I know it's real thats just what I heard.
5374	SlackBladder	2013-06-01	Yeah with the camera on Grey Winds head first so that the audience don't know what to expect, is Grey Wind Still alive?? Oh wait, whats that, wha.....Oh my god...Ah, that would be a perfect ending to ep9 or an opening to ep10. In the book it was really effective because you find out afterwards, and it's like hearing someone's dug up your relative's grave while you're still reeling from their death.
5375	Mel_Rose	2013-06-01	Otoh, for me, Cat's tragedy was that she "knew" that Bran and Rickon were dead, Arya was presumably dead, Sansa was trapped by enemies that would kill her as soon as she stopped being useful, and then seeing Rob, the last of her children, killed before her eyes... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
5376	ugashep	2013-06-01	Just got confirmation from an HBO employee that Lord Walder's band will play "How to Save a Life" by the Frey in honor of Talisa just before the bedding, hehe.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 01 June 2013 - 09:30 AM.
5377	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-01	If the show Robb with a wolf head, they need to show a headless wolf carcass and Robb's head lying next to it, to make it clear what the Freys did. Otherwise the viewers who hasn't read the book might think that Robb somehow turned into a wolf.
5378	ugashep	2013-06-01	I've said this before, but I hope they are not too graphic with the Grey Wind thing. I can handle a lot of stuff but animal cruelty and the graphic murder of small children are over the top to me.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 01 June 2013 - 09:34 AM.
5379	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-01	They probably shouldnt show greywind dying just him barking then a shot of some dudes firing bolts and then the wolf whimpering.
5380	Arkash	2013-06-01	They just need to remind us of Grey Wind at the beginning of the episode when Robb arrives at the Twins.
Actually, the episode should be quite heavy on direwolf action :
Grey Wind at the Twins (arrival, since I dont think we'll have his release and his killing Freys).
Who know, maybe some Ghost actions if he shows up in Sam's storyline...
Maybe Shaggydog... who knows... 
Maybe some talk about Nymeria roaming in the Riverlands.
And of course, Summer !
5381	Mel_Rose	2013-06-01	I wish we had seen more of Grey Wind, it was one of the things I loved about the Starks: the boys/girls and their wolves.
On another note: I agree with everyone saying that Robb and Cat have not been given any significant screen time this season, but does anyone else feel that the importance of guest rights has been also neglected? As far as i can remember, there has been no mention of them, and to me that kinda was a big deal in creating the sense of false security. And showed the magnitude of the Frey betrayal.
					
					
							Edited by Mel_Rose, 01 June 2013 - 09:44 AM.
5382	sati	2013-06-01	I wish we had seen more of Grey Wind, it was one of the things I loved about the Starks: the boys and their wolves.On another note: I agree with everyone saying that Robb and Cat have not been given any significant screen time this season, but does anyone else feel that the importance of guest rights has been also neglected? As far as i can remember, there has been no mention of them, and to me that kinda was a big deal in creating the sense of false security. And showed the magnitude of the Frey betrayal.I completely agree. I really hope they will mention them in Ep.9, the fact they violated guest right is a huge deal.
5383	DragonAge93	2013-06-01	I think a better way to open episode 10 would be to pan up from Robb's body sitting on a chair to show he has Grey Wind's head attached. That'd be very chilling. I can picture it in my head right now and it looks magnificent. Kind of like with season 1 episode 10's opening, how we pan down Ice to see the blood running.
5384	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	Nah, they mentioned guest right this season. Not by name though.  It's been really subtle or quick when they do
Jeor says that they'll be cursed or something after that guy kills Craster. Grey Worm asks to kill that douchenozzle Mero, but Dany's like "they're our guests"
So it's been sort of mentioned but not really.
In related news, I have only just realized that the rains in the title of this episode also refers to Jon's choice because its raining during Queenscrown
5385	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-01	I think a better way to open episode 10 would be to pan up from Robb's body sitting on a chair to show he has Grey Wind's head attached. That'd be very chilling. I can picture it in my head right now and it looks magnificent. Kind of like with season 1 episode 10's opening, how we pan down Ice to see the blood running.This
5386	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I completely agree. I really hope they will mention them in Ep.9, the fact they violated guest right is a huge deal.I hope not. I think it's common knowledge that you're supposed to treat guests with respect and don't start murdering them during a wedding. In our world weddings and being a guest are considered safe things, so starting to speak about guest rights in the very same episode would raise suspicion. That's what I think. Starting to mention guest rights at this point will not make the viewer feel less suspicios, but the exact opposite. But showing the northmen and the Freys breaking bread would work, just like in the book.
5387	sati	2013-06-01	I hope not. I think it's common knowledge that you're supposed to treat guests with respect and don't start murdering them during a wedding. In our world weddings and being a guest are considered safe things, so starting to speak about guest rights in the very same episode would raise suspicion. That's what I think. Starting to mention guest rights at this point will not make the viewer feel less suspicios, but the exact opposite. But showing the northmen and the Freys breaking bread would work, just like in the book.I think it should already be suspicious that Cersei explained Rains last episode and now it's the title of this one. Non-book readers are really not that attentive and I don't think they would understand the guest right just seeing it happen. Most of them has no idea who is torturing Theon etc. and that is something that can be easily deduced just from watching the show.
5388	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-01	If the show Robb with a wolf head, they need to show a headless wolf carcass and Robb's head lying next to it, to make it clear what the Freys did. Otherwise the viewers who hasn't read the book might think that Robb somehow turned into a wolf.Robb transforms only his head into a wolf's head (with zero precedence of such ability) that's clearly been stitched to his body? You really think people will think that?
5389	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I think it should already be suspicious that Cersei explained Rains last episode and now it's the title of this one. Non-book readers are really not that attentive and I don't think they would understand the guest right just seeing it happen. Most of them has no idea who is torturing Theon etc. and that is something that can be easily deduced just from watching the show.I guess you're right about the part with the Rains, though sometimes I think less is better. I still don't think talking about guest rights would make people think: "Well, the title of the episode has nothing to do with the story of the song", but would make them rather think: "Wait ... this seems suspicious ..." Subtlety on the guest right part would be fine, as most won't think that much about it, but will instead get a sense of security in their subconsciousness. A person being nice, smiling and friendly makes at least me feel more secure than a person saying: "The guest rights say that I cannot hurt you, so i won't hurt you!" But then again, the Freys smiling would be rather creepy ...
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 10:25 AM.
5390	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-01	All they need is Cat to tell Robb make sure we eat his bread and salt as he's a prickly man and his pride is wounded, we need to make sure he won't harm us and turn us over to the Lannisters. Then they eat his bread and salt, share a look of relief, the viewer is relieved. All the more shocking.
And reinforces the fact that the Freys are cursed by being dicks and breaking guest right, so when we seem them dropping like flies it's poetic justice.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 01 June 2013 - 10:28 AM.
5391	Lord Elrosir	2013-06-01	While that may play out as relieving to you, the book reader, it is quite telling and planting seeds of suspicion for a person watching it on television.
The curse is not as important on the TV show, as is general treacherousness.
5392	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	Actually a better way to do it, if talking about it explicitly, would be to mention it in another one of the storylines in the episode. But since there don't seem to be many, I don't see how they could. The wildlings probably won't exactly sit down to a meal with that guy before killing him. I suppose the guy the Hound and Arya get the disguise from could be a place to do it. Have this super kind dude offering to share his food and stuff, and have Arya be all what the hell man we were his guests. But that line is a little too close to the RW one.
5393	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	So far in the show they've made it clear no one trusts the Freys, so I don't think it's impossible to have Cat warn (again) about Walder Frey, with Robb repying they're his guests and he can't harm them. I won't like it, it would be suspicious, but then again, the Freys have already been established as treatcherous. I still hope they won't do that.
5394	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-01	While that may play out as relieving to you, the book reader, it is quite telling and planting seeds of suspicion for a person watching it on television.The curse is not as important on the TV show, as is general treacherousness.There are supposed to be seeds of suspicion, otherwise they've poorly characterized Walder Frey and this wedding is not much of an event besides just a wedding. For a ninth episode event this wedding is supposed to be a big deal, and I don't see why suspense works in the books but not in the show.
5395	Valonqar_	2013-06-01	I'm very curious about how "The rains of castamere" will be interpreted. While I love the version of The National, I think it is not strong enough to be played that way at the wedding. They certainly need to add more drums (Coldplay drummer will do a cameo this season, so I hope it is in this episode), and it needs to sound more like a victory march AND a funeral at the same time.
5396	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	Well they probably didn't show Lady's death on-screen because you can't get a dog to act like it's been stabbed.  As mentioned below, they did kill two horses (gruesomely) in Season 1.dammit, i forgot about the horses.  although they seem to kill horses in movies way more often than they kill, say, dogs.  but you're right /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  ugh, i had convinced myself i wasn't going to have to see that!  better to be prepared, i guess.
5397	Dysun	2013-06-01	Powerful, indeed.  I wonder if 17 (instead of being about Jon as heir) is little Arya's reaction to the massacre and Arya as heir?  If, before he died, Robb disinherited Sansa to make sure the Lannisters would never get Winterfell, then that makes Arya the presumed heir, since Bran and Rickon are 'dead.'  It would make sense then that everyone's after Arya as marriage material--hence FakeArya down the line.I'm pretty sure that they believed that Arya was also dead, as there had been no word of her since Ned's execution in the books (and even in the show--Catelyn remarks of there having been no word of her), so she is also disinherited
5398	Angalin	2013-06-01	That whole leaked spoiler thing?  Ticks me off no end.
5399	Father of Dragons	2013-06-01	That whole leaked spoiler thing?  Ticks me off no end.I agree, thank you
5400	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I agree, thank youI too agree.I'm pretty sure that they believed that Arya was also dead, as there had been no word of her since Ned's execution in the books (and even in the show--Catelyn remarks of there having been no word of her), so she is also disinheritedTrue, the only child Catelyn knows is still alive is Sansa, and she's in a nest of vipers (especially when a certain red one visits the capital), or even worse, in the lion's den (I'll stop). Robb is the only child she still has, and well, yeah ... Freys 'n stuff happens ...
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 03:11 PM.
5401	go joff go	2013-06-01	All they need is Cat to tell Robb make sure we eat his bread and salt as he's a prickly man and his pride is wounded, we need to make sure he won't harm us and turn us over to the Lannisters. Then they eat his bread and salt, share a look of relief, the viewer is relieved. All the more shocking.And reinforces the fact that the Freys are cursed by being dicks and breaking guest right, so when we seem them dropping like flies it's poetic justice.I would like to see them do it this way as well, making it heavily implied and ritualized  "this is really important " without saying why it is important until say episode 10, maybe with Bran's ghost story.Or maybe flip the tables and have Walder insist on the bread and salt as protection from Robb, say for deserting the war effort
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 01 June 2013 - 03:01 PM.
5402	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?Dormer: The fans will go through a very traumatic climax of 30 hours of television -- the finale and the penultimate episodes will flip everything on its head. Some of the stories get resolved, the people you would have thought invincible end up in a very unhappy dark place and the ones you would have never bet on find themselves in promising circumstances. Dan and David always talked about this as the game changing season and I think the fans are going to feel quite traumatized about a lot of the characters they've grown close to over the last three seasons. It will have a real shock factor. And yet, so brilliantly, it almost wipes the slate clean for season four, which we start shooting in July.ETA:  typo
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 01 June 2013 - 04:23 PM.
5403	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?ETA:  typoYou know, when I first saw the S3 pressers and interviews and everyone was talking about flipping things on its head, but from what we know of episode descriptions...It doesn't seem that way does it? Are things really looking to be flipped around? I don't know if this is a case of the actors perceiving things differently as non-readers or we're just missing something as fans.
5404	Jory Cassel	2013-06-01	"flip everything on its head" - yep, fits for the red wedding"it almost wipes the slate clean for season four"whaaat?  I really didn't think this was going to happen, but I can't imagine anything that would "wipe the slate clean"except for PW. this is going to be interesting!
5405	chimere	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?ETA:  typoI'm hoping that the battle at the wall/Ygritte dying happens in episode 10. I mean, it will definitely be sad but I feel it's necessary for pacing reasons. If they try and make it next season then other stuff would maybe be pushed off until season 5 like Stannis's battle at the wall and Jon becoming LC. Maybe not, I'm just having a hard time seeing how everything that happens in the last half of the book will all fit into 10 episodes and not be a clusterf**k.
5406	Mel_Rose	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?Okay, maybe she is just being verbose, trying to make everything sound exciting.BUT ... could it possibly mean the PW? Starting with a clean slate, as in new king and everything? I was never one of those who thought PW might be shown this season (for me it would be ideal S04E01 - blow the viewers' minds away but anyway). Besides the Red Viper isn't cast yet.  I think he's supposed to be there, no?Well, we'll know in just over a week, i guess.
5407	mystikherb	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?ETA:  typoCould you post the link to this interview?
5408	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	Okay, maybe she is just being verbose, trying to make everything sound exciting.BUT ... could it possibly mean the PW? Starting with a clean slate, as in new king and everything? I was never one of those who thought PW might be shown this season (for me it would be ideal S04E01 - blow the viewers' minds away but anyway). Besides the Red Viper isn't cast yet.  I think he's supposed to be there, no?Well, we'll know in just over a week, i guess.Agree, I never for a second considered PW for this season, but...   can't think of anything else that would 'almost wipe the slate clean' for season 4.   And she wasn't just blathering, because its a very focused interview--she's asked by the interviewer how Margaery is going to handle violent psycho Joff and she answers quite convincingly without ever letting on that she knows full well Margaery won't have to deal with her husband's violence, because he'll be dead before that ever happens.  Anyway, who knows...Here's the whole interview:http://www.etonline....nale/index.html
5409	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	Could you post the link to this interview?Done!
5410	mystikherb	2013-06-01	Done!Much appreciated! :]
5411	CKPS63	2013-06-01	Still, the camera dezooming "RobbWind" at the end of episode 9 would still be epic... with only silence...Gotta end this way.  One of the most disturbing and haunting images from the books by far -- the showrunners would be throwing away pure cinematic gold if they didn't use it.
5412	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Okay, maybe she is just being verbose, trying to make everything sound exciting.BUT ... could it possibly mean the PW? Starting with a clean slate, as in new king and everything? I was never one of those who thought PW might be shown this season (for me it would be ideal S04E01 - blow the viewers' minds away but anyway). Besides the Red Viper isn't cast yet.  I think he's supposed to be there, no?Well, we'll know in just over a week, i guess.I never even noticed the Red Viper at the wedding, so his role isn't that important. If I remember correctly, mr Martell came to KL before the RW, and as we all know, RW is happening in the next episode. I don't think it will be impossible to have the PW before next season, though I'd wish we'd have some interaction between Tyrion and Oberyn before Tyrion gets thrown into a dungeon. There are numerous reasons why it would be a bit stupid to have it this early, but there is one reason it could be this season:Stannis' leeches.Robb dies, Balon dies, Joffrey dies. It would make sense if you look at it that way, having all the three deaths this season. Davos saves Gendry when he finds out about the third death, as we know this will probably happen in episode 10, and if I remember correctly, in the book this happens after PW. Then he shows the letter to Stannis (having Davos learn to read and then not having him show the letter this season would be rather dumb). Stannis leaves for the Wall in episode 10, knowing the three usurpers are dead. The track in the OST, "I have to go north" or something like that, is probably a reference to Stannis and co., since I think he's pretty much the only one in ASoS who actually travels north while everyone else is doing other stuff. We don't have anything REALLY big in episode 10, so from that perspective PW is a good thing.Edit: I just got really, really excited. No one will expect any huge deaths after RW, but if this really happens, even those who aren't huge fans of this season (which is beyond me), will praise it as their favorite.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 05:11 PM.
5413	Octavius_Lannister	2013-06-01	agree with both of you, Grey Winds head on Robbs body, sitting in his mock throne should be the last image before end credits.
dont think i would have silence, but rather "Rains" playing again...
5414	sati	2013-06-01	agree with both of you, Grey Winds head on Robbs body, sitting in his mock throne should be the last image before end credits.dont think i would have silence, but rather "Rains" playing again...I think it will be opening of finale, with death being the opening and rebirth of Cat ending...Anyone knows the runtime for the finale?
5415	ebevan91	2013-06-01	"I have to go North" could be referring to Bran or Robb too.Maybe Robb will be going back to retake the North like in the book?I think it will be opening of finale, with death being the opening and rebirth of Cat ending...Anyone knows the runtime for the finale?My guide says 8:00-9:10pm so 70 minutes, but part of that will be the "inside the episode".
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 01 June 2013 - 05:17 PM.
5416	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-01	agree with both of you, Grey Winds head on Robbs body, sitting in his mock throne should be the last image before end credits.dont think i would have silence, but rather "Rains" playing again...Agreed. Have silence for two or three seconds than rains starts to play.
5417	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	"I have to go North" could be referring to Bran or Robb too.Maybe Robb will be going back to retake the North like in the book?Now when I listened to the sample, it sounds like a mix between the main theme and the Stark theme. Maybe they're really making Robb change his plans, but why? They already changed it from the books by making Casterly Rock his goal.As for Bran, he's been going north all the time.Edit: When talking about soundtracks, the sample for "The Lannisters Send Their Regards" sounds ... odd. It sounds like something that would fit Blackwater better than the RW. I guess the part in the sample is played when something is happening outside, it just doesn't seem to fit the slaughter inside.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 05:34 PM.
5418	Seekrit Targaryen	2013-06-01	agree with both of you, Grey Winds head on Robbs body, sitting in his mock throne should be the last image before end credits.dont think i would have silence, but rather "Rains" playing again...How about "The Bear and the Maiden Fair"?
5419	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	How about "The Bear and the Maiden Fair"?How about "A Lannister Always Pays His Debts"Listen to the sample: http://www.amazon.co...s ramin djawadiA sad, moody version of the Rains we haven't heard yet. And it is the first track after the main title, because it will be etched into everyone's brains. Yep. Yep.Edit (I love editing): If that really plays over the episode 9 end credits, someone who writes this post will be bawling like a baby.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 05:40 PM.
5420	go joff go	2013-06-01	Interesting ET interview with Natalie Dormer yesterday.   Perhaps I'm seeing clues that don't exist?   Yes, the penultimate episode is a true shocker and 'flips everything on its head,' but...  the final episode does, too?  Clues, clues, where's Sherlock when we need him?ETA:  typoI think you are seeing things.  Not to single you out but I don't get this idea how anything that happens in the future of the books is a sign that X (particularly the PW) is going to happen this season, even if it make little sense.  They have already gotten their script for season 4 a while ago so she knows what happens to Joff.  It not bizzare or a sign of anything that she references one of the most important elements of her storyline.  And she right where most of the stories end is pretty much the end of a miniarc and does wip the slate clean for next season.
5421	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-01	How about "A Lannister Always Pays His Debts"Listen to the sample: http://www.amazon.co...s ramin djawadiA sad, moody version of the Rains we haven't heard yet. And it is the first track after the main title, because it will be etched into everyone's brains. Yep. Yep.Edit (I love editing): If that really plays over the episode 9 end credits, someone who writes this post will be bawling like a baby.Didn't they play this one for episode 7 closing credits?
5422	ebevan91	2013-06-01	Yep we heard that one already, but not that part of the song.
5423	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Agree, I never for a second considered PW for this season, but...   can't think of anything else that would 'almost wipe the slate clean' for season 4.   And she wasn't just blathering, because its a very focused interview--she's asked by the interviewer how Margaery is going to handle violent psycho Joff and she answers quite convincingly without ever letting on that she knows full well Margaery won't have to deal with her husband's violence, because he'll be dead before that ever happens.  Anyway, who knows...Here's the whole interview:http://www.etonline....nale/index.htmlNow when I think about, "For the Realm" would fit an episode that ends with the PW. Just listen to the sample, it seems like a main theme version of music played at a wedding, and it isn't exactly a sad or epic tune either. And killing Joffrey would without a doubt be for the greater good of the realm and pretty much everyone and everything that lives.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 05:50 PM.
5424	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-01	I see. By the way number 16 sounds like the perfect music for chaos.
ETA: I think For the Realm will be the closing credits for the finale.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 01 June 2013 - 05:54 PM.
5425	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Yep we heard that one already, but not that part of the song.Maybe they've got several instrumental versions? Having only one on the soundtrack makes sense to me. This one sounds way sadder than the episode 7 version, which was an epic version of the tune. But the track is almost three minutes, so it could be the episode 7 ending is from the same track. I still could see them play the sadder part next episode.They sound different, but the same at the same time. One track that goes from sad to epic could be a possibility.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0p8vYEgladwEdit: I would be rather mad if they remove the episode 7 end credits version from the soundtrack. I hope that part really is on track 1.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 01 June 2013 - 05:59 PM.
5426	Daenerys Must Die	2013-06-01	I see. By the way number 16 sounds like the perfect music for chaos.ETA: I think For the Realm will be the closing credits for the finale.Totally agree - I'd bet money that plays over the scene.Reek is an interesting song - have we heard that yet? It's got some of the melodies from the Pyke song etched into it but it's much more upbeat and percussion driven.
5427	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-01	Reek sounds to me like the music played when Theon was 'escaping', but not sure...
5428	lady ashlynn	2013-06-01	I wish all of robbs bannermen were  there as in the book. Other wise the viewers aren't going to get the same heartbbreak as we got on the book. 
This my first post so give ne a chance
5429	Daenerys Must Die	2013-06-01	Reek sounds to me like the music played when Theon was 'escaping', but not sure...You're right - when the DF men are chasing him; somehow slipped my mind.
5430	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	This my first post so give ne a chanceNO !!  You made a typo so you're banned!Joke.  Welcome.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
5431	teemo	2013-06-01	I really wish it was Sunday night already, and I can't believe I'm actually writing that.  It's making me incredibly anxious.
5432	WolframTarant	2013-06-01	I really wish it was Sunday night already, and I can't believe I'm actually writing that.  It's making me incredibly anxious.Same. I've been feeling abnormally bored these last two weeks, just because of how anxious/apprehensive I am about seeing the RW on screen, and nothing else really takes my mind off of it. Pretty excited about Queenscrown too /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
5433	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	I really wish it was Sunday night already, and I can't believe I'm actually writing that.  It's making me incredibly anxious.The internet chaos that will explode about 15 seconds after the episode ends will be amazing.  After the episode airs, I don't plan on posting anywhere for a couple of days anyway, just sit back and watch fall-out, Sullied and Unsullied alike.  I read a quip earlier by a Sullied, who said 'I'm afraid the internet will break!'  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5434	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Just a question about the soundtrack: From where is "Dark Wings, Dark Words"? Episode 2 was named that, but can't think of any scene where that played in the background.
5435	Conchobar	2013-06-01	Hope those Russians don't leak any images.
5436	sati	2013-06-01	Just a question about the soundtrack: From where is "Dark Wings, Dark Words"? Episode 2 was named that, but can't think of any scene where that played in the background.Wasn't that played when Robb saw the bodies in Harrenhal?
5437	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	Hope those Russians don't leak any images.leakbro got caught and shut down a couple episodes ago.
5438	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I really wish it was Sunday night already, and I can't believe I'm actually writing that.  It's making me incredibly anxious.Going a little off topic here: A person on the ASoIaF forums with a the same name as a character in Rome and a Breaking Bad avatar made me smile. You have good taste in television series.
5439	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	Totally agree - I'd bet money that plays over the scene.Reek is an interesting song - have we heard that yet? It's got some of the melodies from the Pyke song etched into it but it's much more upbeat and percussion driven.I have said it elsewhere but Reek seems to me like it means Reek will be named this season, because otherwise the name is pretty meaningless to unsullied who buy the tracks. Plus it sounds to me like a fully decayed version of What is Dead May Never Die. Pay the Iron Price is the more decayed version. Then ending in Reek. They follow Theon's mental state and his descent into madness.It shows his initial attempted ties to the Starks (beginning of WiDMND has Stark theme in it) but eventually gives way to the Greyjoy theme. Pay the Iron Price then portrays him being pushed to make terrible decisions and his conscience, which he is fighting to ignore. The Greyjoy theme fighting to be heard over the other sounds warning of danger. Then Reek shows the Greyjoy theme  twisted and almost being completely overshadowed by the chaos of the drums, symbolizing how he is twisted almost beyond recognition and has had his identity buried by Ramsay's cruelty.Or I'm overthinking it. Or a bit of both.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 01 June 2013 - 06:35 PM.
5440	Conchobar	2013-06-01	leakbro got caught and shut down a couple episodes ago.Good.
5441	Chuck88	2013-06-01	Good.Agreed. It's one thing getting spoiled for episodes 5,6 or 7, but if this one was spoiled I would be beyond pissed.
5442	Arkash	2013-06-01	The Reek theme is astonishing ! I want it in full !Heir to Winterfell fits perfectly for Sansa's learning of the RW !I Have to Go North : either Bran crossing the Black Gate (but it doesnt fit musically) or Stannis (much more probable).It shows his initial attempted ties to the Starks (beginning of WiDMND has Stark theme in it) but eventually gives way to the Greyjoy theme. Pay the Iron Price then portrays him being pushed to make terrible decisions and his conscience, which he is fighting to ignore. Then Reek shows the Greyjoy theme  twisted and almost being completely overshadowed by the chaos of the drums, symbolizing how he is twisted almost beyond recognition and has had his identity buried by Ramsay's cruelty.I love your take !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 01 June 2013 - 06:34 PM.
5443	Bastard Walder	2013-06-01	So is Coldhands being cut?
5444	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Wasn't that played when Robb saw the bodies in Harrenhal?I listened both Robb/Harrenhal scenes, but couldn't hear it anywhere.
5445	Arkash	2013-06-01	So is Coldhands being cut?Dont know ! I think we will either have him in the intro of episode 9 or have him hinted (cloaked figure approaching Sam and Gilly) in the intro, but something will happen there, I'm sure !
5446	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	The Reek theme is astonishing ! I want it in full !Heir to Winterfell fits perfectly for Sansa's learning of the RW !I Have to Go North : either Bran crossing the Black Gate (but it doesnt fit musically) or Stannis (much more probable).I love your take !Heh, I added something right as you were quoting it LOL
5447	Arkash	2013-06-01	Glad you pointed it out, I would have missed it otherwise and I entirely agree with you ! Those chaotic and dark drums over the beautiful "oceans and horizons" Iron Island theme really drives us into, well... Reek.
5448	Filleted Man	2013-06-01	Agreed. It's one thing getting spoiled for episodes 5,6 or 7, but if this one was spoiled I would be beyond pissed.I try as hard as I can to find spoilers for every other episode. I will not spoil this one though. This is the one episode, perhaps of the entire show, that I don't want spoiled.
5449	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	So, 'fess up, peeps.  Who all's gonna cry tomorrow night.
Me.
5450	sati	2013-06-01	So, 'fess up, peeps.  Who all's gonna cry tomorrow night.Me.I am for sure. I'm also planning on getting drunk.
5451	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I Have to Go North : either Bran crossing the Black Gate (but it doesnt fit musically) or Stannis (much more probable).I also thought Stannis, until I heard the sample. The last part is definately Stark-related. Listen to the sample, then to this:http://www.youtube.c...XH6nBCaA#t=207s
5452	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I am for sure. I'm also planning on getting drunk.Either crying or curling up like a ball in a dark corner and rocking back and forth while muttering that Walder Frey should die the most horrible death imaginable.
5453	Arkash	2013-06-01	Actually, the Red Wedding is, of course, the big event of the episode, but personally, I'd keep a close eye on the rest of the episode !I might be expecting Queenscrown and Arya / Hound on the road more than RW.Really curious to see Sam in the episode and of course Jon and Bran development !The only story I'm less enthousiasm in, tomorrow, is the Dany one who will almost look like an intrude in an otherwise very Starky / North episode !I also thought Stannis, until I heard the sample. The last part is definately Stark-related. Listen to the sample, then to this:Oh ! I'm now sure this will be the theme of the Bran and Rickon split-up ! Watch out for it guys ! I'm sure of it now ! And it fits with the title and events to come !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 01 June 2013 - 06:57 PM.
5454	sati	2013-06-01	I also thought Stannis, until I heard the sample. The last part is definately Stark-related. Listen to the sample, then to this:http://www.youtube.c...XH6nBCaA#t=207sThe last part of the sample from "I have to go North" sounds like King in the North theme...
5455	Moseh Khayim	2013-06-01	Heir to Winterfell sounds beautiful. They could use that in Episode 10. Start the episode with a slow down-up shot of Robbwind in the midst of carnage and devastation. Cut to a shell like Arya,
5456	Filleted Man	2013-06-01	So, 'fess up, peeps.  Who all's gonna cry tomorrow night.Me.I'm gonna be grinning the entire time. My emotional connection to the characters died when they died in the books. I already know what happens.Been waiting for this for to long not to enjoy every second of it. I am going to cover up any clocks in my house that night so I don't know how close to the end we are.
5457	Arkash	2013-06-01	Like I said "I have to go North" really sound like Bran and Rickon split-up !
5458	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Actually, the Red Wedding is, of course, the big event of the episode, but personally, I'd keep a close eye on the rest of the episode !I might be expecting Queenscrown and Arya / Hound on the road more than RW.Really curious to see Sam in the episode and of course Jon and Bran development !The only story I'm less enthousiasm in, tomorrow, is the Dany one who will almost look like an intrude in an otherwise very Starky / North episode !Oh ! I'm now sure this will be the theme of the Bran and Rickon split-up ! Watch out for it guys ! I'm sure of it now ! And it fits with the title and events to come !I don't know how much it matters, but that Stark part in "I Have to go North" is from the track "The King in the North". If it some kind of DAKINGINDANORTH! theme music, I'd imagine it has something to do with Robb. Could it really be he has to change his plans about Casterly Rock?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qaFc2tlhUMg
5459	mystikherb	2013-06-01	I'm way too ready for this.  May not cry, but that's a rare thing for me.  I cried reading the book.  I have no doubt I'll at least be teared up.  But who knows?  If they pull out all the stops with this I just may.
5460	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	Like I said "I have to go North" really sound like Bran and Rickon split-up !I'm not looking forward to them splitting up. Rickon is an afterthought in the books mostly, but I'm sure he'll probably be sad and scared /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I am watching with my friend. The only episode we are watching together. Just because I want to see his face after TWO almost reunions. And because he predicted Robb would die in his next battle.Well, in a way he's right...
5461	go joff go	2013-06-01	The internet chaos that will explode about 15 seconds after the episode ends will be amazing.  After the episode airs, I don't plan on posting anywhere for a couple of days anyway, just sit back and watch fall-out, Sullied and Unsullied alike.  I read a quip earlier by a Sullied, who said 'I'm afraid the internet will break!'  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Unfortunately  the worst thing about tomorrow is that all the GOT sites are almost certainly going to crash and we might not be able to get all the immediate reaction outside of twitter.
5462	Arkash	2013-06-01	Well... my Monday will be like : 
Episode early in the morning (I'm European) alone first.
Then, enjoying it with my sister who is also a Book-Walker.
Going back home after the week end, watching it with a first Unsullied friend during afternoon (definitly filming it !).
Finally, in the evening, with my second group of Unsullied friends, I'll rewatch it a fourth time (again filming then).
I'll drink all day in my "Night's Watch" mug, wear my "Baratheon" shirt and glance longly at all the maps hanged on my wall (from the Lands of Ice and Fire).
It means : 4 times ! I'll see the episode 4 times on Monday only !
5463	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	I'm way too ready for this.  May not cry, but that's a rare thing for me.  I cried reading the book.  I have no doubt I'll at least be teared up.  But who knows?  If they pull out all the stops with this I just may.I'm sure Maisie will be doing her best to tear our heart strings out, on top of everything else.
5464	ser paddy safc	2013-06-01	For me personally, I really hope coldhands makes an appearance this epipisode
5465	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	The first airing in the US is about 4.5 hours before it airs here. I really have no idea what I'm going to do in that time to make sure I don't come on here and check the responses.
5466	ser paddy safc	2013-06-01	I wish all of robbs bannermen were  there as in the book. Other wise the viewers aren't going to get the same heartbbreak as we got on the book. This my first post so give ne a chance
5467	teemo	2013-06-01	Going a little off topic here: A person on the ASoIaF forums with a the same name as a character in Rome and a Breaking Bad avatar made me smile. You have good taste in television series.Why thank you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5468	Arkash	2013-06-01	He, as soon as the episode starts airing, I quit the internet until I got it !Man, that makes me think, what the fuck will we do when Winds comes out ? People will believe I (and probably many others) have vanished from the internet for weeks... hehehehe !
5469	go joff go	2013-06-01	That for the realm track is sort of wierd sounds like  a western where the cowboys ride off into the sunset,  The lannisters sends their regrets is super intense. And heir to winterfell super somber, maybe the opening to eps 10 where we see a robbwind?  Mhysa is kind of wierd too.
5470	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	I thought for the realm sounded like the kind of thing a bard would play, actually. If they found a way to work that theme into the actual universe I would be very amused.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 01 June 2013 - 07:20 PM.
5471	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	That for the realm track is sort of wierd sounds like  a western where the cowboys ride off into the sunset,  The lannisters sends their regrets is super intense. And heir to winterfell super somber, maybe the opening to eps 10 where we see a robbwind?  Mhysa is kind of wierd too.I imagine for the realm to play during episode 10 end credits. Possibly related to a wedding or the Brotherhood who has no banners because they're so cool.The regards one will most likely play during a pretty intense wedding, heh.Heir to Winterfell ... Will it play during a Robb, Sansa or Jon scene?The Mhysa music seems to fit the scene well, because at that moment Dany is looked upon as a savior, a saint, a mother, and the music sounds rather churchy.
5472	teemo	2013-06-01	I plan to re-watch it several times in the same night unless it sucks.  I really doubt it will, but....basically, all season I watch the episode alone and then my significant other re-watches with me when he gets home.  He doesn't really like the show though (okay, he kind of hates it), so if I get infuriated with D&D he doesn't watch it, lol.  I think that's happened maybe three times this season.  I'd really prefer it doesn't happen with the RW episode!
5473	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	That for the realm track is sort of wierd sounds like  a western where the cowboys ride off into the sunset,  The lannisters sends their regrets is super intense. And heir to winterfell super somber, maybe the opening to eps 10 where we see a robbwind?  Mhysa is kind of wierd too.Where did you hear them?
5474	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Where did you hear them?Only samples:http://www.amazon.co...s ramin djawadi
5475	Daenerys Must Die	2013-06-01	So, 'fess up, peeps.  Who all's gonna cry tomorrow night.Me.Me. Already know it - not gonna try and hide it even though I'll be with my usual viewing party most likely.
5476	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	Only samples:http://www.amazon.co...s ramin djawadiThanks!
5477	teemo	2013-06-01	Where did you hear them?too slow
					
					
							Edited by atia-, 01 June 2013 - 07:26 PM.
5478	ser paddy safc	2013-06-01	I agree with lady ashlynn, the only bannermen we have see this season from the north is rickard karstark and roose bolton
We all know what happened to rickard and then there's roose, the only loving characters that are going to get slaughtered are robb and catelynn. There is no lovable northern army like there was in the books in the TV series
5479	Arkash	2013-06-01	Talisa is still there... they will introduce a Manderly, probably one scene at the beginning of the episode and his death, during the wedding.
Possibility of Blackfish going down too... then it will be only bearded men I guess ! ^^
5480	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	I agree with lady ashlynn, the only bannermen we have see this season from the north is rickard karstark and roose boltonWe all know what happened to rickard and then there's roose, the only loving characters that are going to get slaughtered are robb and catelynn. There is no lovable northern army like there was in the books in the TV seriesI've said it before and I'll say it again, all they gotta do is say the Greatjon couldn't make it on time and they thought it best not to delay any longer than they had, have some guy play his son, show him and Robb are close. I think that solves a big part of the problem and still leaves room for the Greatjon actor to come back. It won't work for everyone, but there are definitely a lot of people who would find it unfortunate that the Smalljon dies, even if we haven't gotten to know him for very long. All it takes is 5 minutes or less for someone to make up their mind on a character.It would piss of many-a book reader, I think...but what decision doesn't piss off many-a book reader?
5481	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	I really hope number 2 is the end credits theme of episode 9. It's the Rains of Castamere, I almost start crying by only listening to the sample, IMO better than silence. They didn't have silence in Baelor, and this episode is named after the song. They must!And number 16 gives me chills down the spine. I can already picture the scene in my head. I DON'T WANT TO WATCH IT! But I want ...Talisa is still there... they will introduce a Manderly, probably one scene at the beginning of the episode and his death, during the wedding.Possibility of Blackfish going down too... then it will be only bearded men I guess ! ^^NO, not Blackfish! If Blackfish is at the wedding, the Frey's will never be able to kill anyone.
5482	iheartseverus	2013-06-01	Me. Already know it - not gonna try and hide it even though I'll be with my usual viewing party most likely.To me, its like a double hammer blow for us Sullied (bookwalkers).  The first time around we learned of the horrific deaths of 'people we knew and cared about' (via reading).  It was awful, shocking, never to be forgotten.  And now, here we are again, about to go through it again--only this time, we'll see it happen, in person.  RW in the books was the most shocking thing I'd ever read.  And now, I get to watch it.  eeek...To quote Leigh Butler in her read of the RW:JESUS, WALDER, HOW THE FUCK IS THAT A PROPORTIONAL RESPONSE TO A JILTING, YOU FUCKING WEEPING PUSTULE.This was about that gangrenous ass-licking dicknozzle Walder using the jilting as an excuse to throw in with the Lannisters.
5483	FullMoonHowl	2013-06-01	I really hope number 2 is the end credits theme of episode 9. It's the Rains of Castamere, I almost start crying by only listening to the sample, IMO better than silence. They didn't have silence in Baelor, and this episode is named after the song. They must!And number 16 gives me chills down the spine. I can already picture the scene in my head. I DON'T WANT TO WATCH IT! But I want ...NO, not Blackfish! If Blackfish is at the wedding, the Frey's will never be able to kill anyone.Wasn't number 2 the end credits for Episode 7?
5484	sati	2013-06-01	I've gone back to watch several scenes in Dark Wings, Dark Words and the track with that name doesn't seem to be there. Maybe it's from opening with Robb/GW in finale and then Mhysa with Cat is the end? Those are the only two tracks that have choir in them.
					
					
							Edited by sati, 01 June 2013 - 07:40 PM.
5485	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Wasn't number 2 the end credits for Episode 7?It was an instrumental version of the Rains, true, but the ending of episode 7 part was more epic, while the sample part is more sad, better fitting the ending of episode 9. Also, having it in the OST after the main theme makes me think everyone will have a love/hate relationship to that track when the OST is released. In other words: it will be remembered.
5486	FullMoonHowl	2013-06-01	It was an instrumental version of the Rains, true, but the ending of episode 7 part was more epic, while the sample part is more sad, better fitting the ending of episode 9. Also, having it in the OST after the main theme makes me think everyone will have a love/hate relationship to that track when the OST is released. In other words: it will be remembered.That's true, they really should have RoC during the credits, at least i hope.
5487	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	It was an instrumental version of the Rains, true, but the ending of episode 7 part was more epic, while the sample part is more sad, better fitting the ending of episode 9. Also, having it in the OST after the main theme makes me think everyone will have a love/hate relationship to that track when the OST is released. In other words: it will be remembered.It's okay though because the north will remember as well...Looking forward to seeing people all hopeless until they see THE AWESOMENESS OF MANDERLY. Really, at this point there is like zero hope left for who almost all show-viewers consider the protagonists of the story. Bran is scrambling, Rickon is off to cannibal island, Arya is being brought to insane aunt, Sansa is trapped in King's Landing (they don't know there is still a plan in the works to get her out), Jon just had his first love die, Catelyn and Robb are dead...it's a truly hopeless time for Stark lovers, which a lot of the show fans are.
5488	mystikherb	2013-06-01	That's true, they really should have RoC during the credits, at least i hope.It could be effective, but here's why I really wouldn't mind it not being RoC.1.  They've already had a version of RoC as the credits song. Twice.  Once last season, once this season.  2.  On top of it already being used in episode credits, it will be playing during the RW.  I don't quite yet know how I feel about it playing RIGHt after it's played during the episode.Not to say that I would dislike it if they used RoC for the credits.  However, my opinion before seeing the episode is that I'd almost rather the credits roll to silence, or maintaining whatever intense music plays during the RW.Totally down to be proven wrong about how I feel about RoC, though.  I'm excited either way.
5489	Filleted Man	2013-06-01	Personally I think the end credits of episode 9 should just be one single drum. The one that keeps playing in the break in the song.
Just have that one drum continue getting quieter and quieter through the credits until it fades at the end.
5490	Arkash	2013-06-01	BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom...
5491	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-01	Personally I think the end credits of episode 9 should just be one single drum. The one that keeps playing in the break in the song.Just have that one drum continue getting quieter and quieter through the credits until it fades at the end.I could imagine the drum continuing sometime into the credits, then followed by either silence or sad, slow version of the Rains.
5492	King Tommen	2013-06-01	I have wanted to address the "they haven't built up the Northern bannermen so the RW will not be emotional enough" complaint for awhile so I'll do it now.
First off, the Northern bannermen of any note that die at the RW are in order: the Smalljon, Dacey Mormont and I suppose Wendel Manderly.  The Greatjon is technically there but not involved at all in the massacre and is only mentioned well after the fact (plus he doesn't die, he just gets captured).
In terms of the 3 bannermen mentioned, my memory might be hazy but I don't believe any of them had been "built up" in the books prior to the RW to any significant degree.  I don't even think any of them had any lines in the books before they got to the wedding (maybe a stray one here or there, who knows?).  I'm pretty sure the Smalljon never uttered a word throughout his brief time in the book universe.  The ONLY reason that readers remember these individuals is because of the way they went out at the RW and Cat's descriptions of their actions and deaths.  The Greatjon is really the only bannerman (outside of Roose and Karstark) who has a distinct personality and readers should have any ties to coming into that chapter.  This is probably why when adaptation decisions were made back in S1, the bannerman they decided to consolidate most of them into was Greatjon (the right decision).  They of course, got screwed over by this once Clive Mantle couldn't commit again which was unfortunate but no use crying over split milk now.
I think what we've seen this season to compensate for the loss of the Greatjon is the conscious decision to give some of his characteristics and actions to the Blackfish.  You can see see that Blackfish is much gruffer and more aggressive than his book counterpart and he even is the one who belts Karstark when he insults Robb, which is what the Greatjon did in the books.
So my guess is that, as it appears the Blackfish barring a last minute change of direction, will be attending the RW, the reason will be that he will be playing the Greatjon role.  I could see him being restrained and subdued by multiple Frey's during the chaos.  Maybe they even include the plotpoint where the Frey's try to get him hammered because they know he's the fiercest warrior of Robb's crew.  You can make this change because it adheres to the Greatjon fate in the books but because you don't kill him, you can write him back into the story later on (he escapes when they are escorting him back to Riverrun as a prisoner or something like that, not very hard to do).  I assume the Blackfish still has a semi-important role to play later in the story so you won't upset that plotpoint if you have him captured as the Greatjon was.
Dacey's death is memorable but I think it's mainly because she's a woman and she cries out for mercy before getting the axe and doesn't receive any.  But if they're bringing Talisa to the RW (and I now think that the most likely of the scenarios is that she dies), then she can certainly fulfill the same function.  And putting aside some of the snide insults of the bookreaders, Robb's pregnant bride is a more sympathetic character than an underdeveloped Dacey is and so that death (and that of Robb's unborn child) should be more dramatic.  Knowing that we have the scene of Cat slapping someone (a Frey I would assume as in the books) I think they could certainly be using the Dacey sequence of events (which starts the massacre) with Talisa instead.  To me, that's a good substitution in sacrificing a character who the audience is very familiar with.
We know they have cast Wendel Manderly which means he's not just an extra and will have a speaking part.  If I had to guess, I'd imagine they'd introduce him as they arrive at the Twins as Robb's kind of personal guard (a Jory Cassel if you will).  I could see him providing some kind of heroic gesture (like Smalljon flipping the table over Robb to shield him from the arrows) or sacrifice himself somehow.  In any case, he'll die.  Him being a Manderly will be important as we'll eventually be introduced to Wyman who will play a larger (pun intended) role and this will help address his motivation for revenge on the Frey's/Boltons.
To me, I don't think this particular complaint about the bannermen is as big of a deal as it's being made out to be.  Clearly, the show hasn't talked about these characters but if they aren't going to be specialized and play a unique role, it's hard to justify including them just so they can be consistent with the books.  I think the fans should set this aside and understand that the RW is almost exclusively about the demise of Robb and Cat and that should be the overwhelming focus.  This is especially true on the show because they are never going to highlight the other minor Northern houses to the extent the books do so the fates of the men attached to those houses is not really important in this venue.
5493	Arkash	2013-06-01	Dacey's death is memorable but I think it's mainly because she's a woman and she cries out for mercy before getting the axe and doesn't receive any.No she doesnt ! She's fierce till the end ! But I'm sure her death (axe in the belly) will be given to Talisa (her being pregnant would seem to suggest that).you can write him back into the story later on (he escapes when they are escorting him back to Riverrun as a prisoner or something like that, not very hard to do). My thought too..Him being a Manderly will be important as we'll eventually be introduced to WymanAnd thanks to the "Previously" segment, the audience will be reminded of him when the time comes to meet Wyman. So Wendel will have at least two important scenes. All other deaths will be extras and this will work... Talisa being the first death (ala Dacey), Blackfish captured (knock-out ? hold down ? injured ?) after an action ala GreatJon and Wendel dying with the arrow in the mouth (as in the books)... this will rock !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 01 June 2013 - 08:15 PM.
5494	ser paddy safc	2013-06-01	I've said it before and I'll say it again, all they gotta do is say the Greatjon couldn't make it on time and they thought it best not to delay any longer than they had, have some guy play his son, show him and Robb are close. I think that solves a big part of the problem and still leaves room for the Greatjon actor to come back. It won't work for everyone, but there are definitely a lot of people who would find it unfortunate that the Smalljon dies, even if we haven't gotten to know him for very long. All it takes is 5 minutes or less for someone to make up their mind on a character.It would piss of many-a book reader, I think...but what decision doesn't piss off many-a book reader?So why don't they do it! I really can't see them inroducing any northern lords or retainers in this episode, yes I agree it would be good for book fans. I think a lot more should have been introduced early this season so the TV veiwers to get the same impact we all got from reading the books. Plus I would love to know where they are going with blackfish in this
5495	Arkash	2013-06-01	Well we know they will introduce Wendel Manderly (who has a significant death and a one that will be important down the line when we meet Wyman), and as King Tommen pointed out, the other major deaths of the RW are Dacey Mormont (replaced in all probability by Talisa) and the SmallJon (his actions will probably be given to the Blackfish, except he wont die, I bet and will either escape, either been captured... i'd prefer the later to keep the hopelessness of the scene).
And then, only extras. Bearded extras in furs and leathers.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 01 June 2013 - 08:20 PM.
5496	Bastard Walder	2013-06-01	t-24 hours
5497	King Tommen	2013-06-01	No she doesnt ! She's fierce till the end ! But I'm sure her death (axe in the belly) will be given to Talisa (her being pregnant would seem to suggest that).Maybe I remembered wrong but I thought Dacey hit one guy with a wine flagon in the mouth to get away, ran to the door and then Ryman Frey walked through.  She yelled "Mercy" and then he wound up and put an axe in her belly.  I could see a relatively similar sequence of events for Talisa.  I especially like the idea of the possibility of mirroring the part of her politely asking a Frey to dance and then being rudely rebuked which leads to Cat running after the guy and noticing that he's got mail on underneath his clothes.
5498	pntrlqst	2013-06-01	Maybe I remembered wrong but I thought Dacey hit one guy with a wine flagon in the mouth to get away, ran to the door and then Ryman Frey walked through.  She yelled "Mercy" and then he wound up and put an axe in her belly.  I could see a relatively similar sequence of events for Talisa.  I especially like the idea of the possibility of mirroring the part of her politely asking a Frey to dance and then being rudely rebuked which leads to Cat running after the guy and noticing that he's got mail on underneath his clothes.Cat yells "Mercy" right before Dacey is axed.
					
					
							Edited by pntrlqst, 01 June 2013 - 09:15 PM.
5499	Angmar	2013-06-01	Is the episode actually tomorrow or it's gonna be postponed for another week?
5500	teemo	2013-06-01	tomorrow
5501	Dany Jon or Bust	2013-06-01	Nevermind
					
					
							Edited by Dany Jon or Bust, 01 June 2013 - 11:13 PM.
5502	go joff go	2013-06-01	By the way I have seen some of you guys in the spoiler thread at the other site so if you know whats going to happen please stop posting hopw you can't wait to see something you know is going to happen.
5503	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-01	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> What if they show her dying :'( nooo I will be so sad
Do people die immediately when their throat is cut or is there typically a choking sound ugh I'm making myself sad just typing it
5504	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-06-01	Is anyone dreading this as much as I am? As a HUGE Robb Stark fan I feel nauseous just thinking about it
5505	Angmar	2013-06-01	I don't wanna see it either, I just know it'll be terrible...
What's worse is I have a final Monday so I better feel okay going to it. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
5506	Mayhem	2013-06-01	I noticed the Blackfish was traveling with Robb last episode, does that mean hes going to die at the Red Wedding too?
5507	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	I noticed the Blackfish was traveling with Robb last episode, does that mean hes going to die at the Red Wedding too?Maybe. Seems unlikely that they would bother introducing him though, if that were the case.
5508	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	By the way I have seen some of you guys in the spoiler thread at the other site so if you know whats going to happen please stop posting hopw you can't wait to see something you know is going to happen.which thread is this? could you please provide a link? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5509	BendTheKnee610	2013-06-02	I noticed the Blackfish was traveling with Robb last episode, does that mean hes going to die at the Red Wedding too? I think he'll probably return to Riverrun before reaching the Twins. If not, maybe he could fill Raynald Westerling's role and cut Greywind free. He could then take a crossbow bolt, fall into the river, and reappear in episode 10.
5510	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-06-02	I have wanted to address the "they haven't built up the Northern bannermen so the RW will not be emotional enough" complaint for awhile so I'll do it now.First off, the Northern bannermen of any note that die at the RW are in order: the Smalljon, Dacey Mormont and I suppose Wendel Manderly.  The Greatjon is technically there but not involved at all in the massacre and is only mentioned well after the fact (plus he doesn't die, he just gets captured).In terms of the 3 bannermen mentioned, my memory might be hazy but I don't believe any of them had been "built up" in the books prior to the RW to any significant degree.  I don't even think any of them had any lines in the books before they got to the wedding (maybe a stray one here or there, who knows?).  I'm pretty sure the Smalljon never uttered a word throughout his brief time in the book universe.  The ONLY reason that readers remember these individuals is because of the way they went out at the RW and Cat's descriptions of their actions and deaths.  The Greatjon is really the only bannerman (outside of Roose and Karstark) who has a distinct personality and readers should have any ties to coming into that chapter.  This is probably why when adaptation decisions were made back in S1, the bannerman they decided to consolidate most of them into was Greatjon (the right decision).  They of course, got screwed over by this once Clive Mantle couldn't commit again which was unfortunate but no use crying over split milk now.I think what we've seen this season to compensate for the loss of the Greatjon is the conscious decision to give some of his characteristics and actions to the Blackfish.  You can see see that Blackfish is much gruffer and more aggressive than his book counterpart and he even is the one who belts Karstark when he insults Robb, which is what the Greatjon did in the books.So my guess is that, as it appears the Blackfish barring a last minute change of direction, will be attending the RW, the reason will be that he will be playing the Greatjon role.  I could see him being restrained and subdued by multiple Frey's during the chaos.  Maybe they even include the plotpoint where the Frey's try to get him hammered because they know he's the fiercest warrior of Robb's crew.  You can make this change because it adheres to the Greatjon fate in the books but because you don't kill him, you can write him back into the story later on (he escapes when they are escorting him back to Riverrun as a prisoner or something like that, not very hard to do).  I assume the Blackfish still has a semi-important role to play later in the story so you won't upset that plotpoint if you have him captured as the Greatjon was.Dacey's death is memorable but I think it's mainly because she's a woman and she cries out for mercy before getting the axe and doesn't receive any.  But if they're bringing Talisa to the RW (and I now think that the most likely of the scenarios is that she dies), then she can certainly fulfill the same function.  And putting aside some of the snide insults of the bookreaders, Robb's pregnant bride is a more sympathetic character than an underdeveloped Dacey is and so that death (and that of Robb's unborn child) should be more dramatic.  Knowing that we have the scene of Cat slapping someone (a Frey I would assume as in the books) I think they could certainly be using the Dacey sequence of events (which starts the massacre) with Talisa instead.  To me, that's a good substitution in sacrificing a character who the audience is very familiar with.We know they have cast Wendel Manderly which means he's not just an extra and will have a speaking part.  If I had to guess, I'd imagine they'd introduce him as they arrive at the Twins as Robb's kind of personal guard (a Jory Cassel if you will).  I could see him providing some kind of heroic gesture (like Smalljon flipping the table over Robb to shield him from the arrows) or sacrifice himself somehow.  In any case, he'll die.  Him being a Manderly will be important as we'll eventually be introduced to Wyman who will play a larger (pun intended) role and this will help address his motivation for revenge on the Frey's/Boltons.To me, I don't think this particular complaint about the bannermen is as big of a deal as it's being made out to be.  Clearly, the show hasn't talked about these characters but if they aren't going to be specialized and play a unique role, it's hard to justify including them just so they can be consistent with the books.  I think the fans should set this aside and understand that the RW is almost exclusively about the demise of Robb and Cat and that should be the overwhelming focus.  This is especially true on the show because they are never going to highlight the other minor Northern houses to the extent the books do so the fates of the men attached to those houses is not really important in this venue.You have completely missed the point of those bannerman. What they are is representative of the North's allegiance to Robb.  In the books, the Northern Lords, with rare exception like Ricard Karstark, were fiercely loyal to Robb. More than that, they were proud of him, proud to call him their King, and would follow him anywhere because they believed in him and his cause.  SmallJon, Dacey, etc were just examples of them.  It gave the reader hope that Robb and his forces could overcome their daunting odds, because he was a superior battle commander with the most loyal army.  The reason why the RW was so devastating is because not only was Robb killed, so were most of these fiercely loyal bannerman.In the show, Robb lost half of his man when the Karstarks left, and of the remain 1/2, some are loyal to Bolton. So basically Robb has a puny force now and has no loyal lords from the North that the audience can identify.  Most of the TV audience have him pegged as doomed, it's not a matter of if but when to many of them for Robb to die so the shock of the RW is mostly gone for them, and the emotional sense of betrayal is gone because the show has it set up as the North revolting against Robb and the Starks.  When in the books it was Bolton and Frey betraying the entire North.The show producers will come up with a very dramatic and emotional scene I'm sure for the RW, but it will pale in comparison to the books because they have failed to set it up correctly.  They wasted too much time in KL this season and did not spend nearly enough time with Robb/Catelyn and his campaign in the Riverlands.  This season 3 culminating in the RW is supposed to be heavily focused on Robb/Catlelyn, Season 4 is supposed to be heavily focused on KL as that's where most of the action in the 2nd half of ASOS takes place. But they are so in love with the Lannisters/Tyrells and they have completely failed to develop a proper arc for the RW and spend most of season 3 away from that plot line.Somebody counted and Catelyn has had fewer lines of dialogue this season than Bronn.  Bronn for crying out loud.  How can the RW be the climactic event of this season when Robb and Cat has had fewer scenes than Margaery Tyrell and Bronn? Can you imagine Baelor being a climatic episode of season 1 if we had barely seen Ned all season long?I guarantee you that most of the TV reaction tomorrow is going to be "it was brutal, but not quite on the same level as Ned's death in season 1".  Where as most of the book readers were hit far harder by the RW than Ned's death.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 02 June 2013 - 02:56 AM.
5511	PrinceOberynMartell	2013-06-02	I don't think the Blackfish would witness Robb and Catelyn getting murdered and let himself be taken prisoner.
I don't think the RW will have quite the same impact as Ned's beheading. Ned was the main protagonist. Catelyn and Robb don't carry the same weight. Also, Sean Bean was an actor that was loved by fantasy fans due to a previous role.
5512	Father of Dragons	2013-06-02	The intense chaotic number 16 happens through the slaughter, building up and becoming more powerful, and stops when someone grabs Cat's hair, followed by something like "No, don't cut my hair, Ned loves/loved my hair!" 
-SLASH- 
-Moment of silence and nothing on the screen- 
-Rains (2?) starts to play as the credits roll-
5513	Rabid Grunt	2013-06-02	I guarantee you that most of the TV reaction tomorrow is going to be "it was brutal, but not quite on the same level as Ned's death in season 1".  Where as most of the book readers were hit far harder by the RW than Ned's death.Lets be honest, thats just wild speculation.
5514	teemo	2013-06-02	I'm so excited.  And nervous.  I can't sleep.  I so hope they do it justice.  I know I'm not D&D's biggest fan but I'm hoping they'll pull through here like with Ned's death.
5515	Targaryen Kaiser	2013-06-02	I'm so excited.  And nervous.  I can't sleep.  I so hope they do it justice.  I know I'm not D&D's biggest fan but I'm hoping they'll pull through here like with Ned's death.I believe they will do. We can say whatever we want about D&D, but in the really "big" scenes of the series they have never let us down. My feeling is that we are going to watch one of the best scenes in television ever. Some hours left.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5516	Honourable Ser	2013-06-02	I have wanted to address the "they haven't built up the Northern bannermen so the RW will not be emotional enough" complaint for awhile so I'll do it now.First off, the Northern bannermen of any note that die at the RW are in order: the Smalljon, Dacey Mormont and I suppose Wendel Manderly.  The Greatjon is technically there but not involved at all in the massacre and is only mentioned well after the fact (plus he doesn't die, he just gets captured).In terms of the 3 bannermen mentioned, my memory might be hazy but I don't believe any of them had been "built up" in the books prior to the RW to any significant degree.  I don't even think any of them had any lines in the books before they got to the wedding (maybe a stray one here or there, who knows?).  I'm pretty sure the Smalljon never uttered a word throughout his brief time in the book universe.  The ONLY reason that readers remember these individuals is because of the way they went out at the RW and Cat's descriptions of their actions and deaths.  The Greatjon is really the only bannerman (outside of Roose and Karstark) who has a distinct personality and readers should have any ties to coming into that chapter.  This is probably why when adaptation decisions were made back in S1, the bannerman they decided to consolidate most of them into was Greatjon (the right decision).  They of course, got screwed over by this once Clive Mantle couldn't commit again which was unfortunate but no use crying over split milk now.I think what we've seen this season to compensate for the loss of the Greatjon is the conscious decision to give some of his characteristics and actions to the Blackfish.  You can see see that Blackfish is much gruffer and more aggressive than his book counterpart and he even is the one who belts Karstark when he insults Robb, which is what the Greatjon did in the books.So my guess is that, as it appears the Blackfish barring a last minute change of direction, will be attending the RW, the reason will be that he will be playing the Greatjon role.  I could see him being restrained and subdued by multiple Frey's during the chaos.  Maybe they even include the plotpoint where the Frey's try to get him hammered because they know he's the fiercest warrior of Robb's crew.  You can make this change because it adheres to the Greatjon fate in the books but because you don't kill him, you can write him back into the story later on (he escapes when they are escorting him back to Riverrun as a prisoner or something like that, not very hard to do).  I assume the Blackfish still has a semi-important role to play later in the story so you won't upset that plotpoint if you have him captured as the Greatjon was.Dacey's death is memorable but I think it's mainly because she's a woman and she cries out for mercy before getting the axe and doesn't receive any.  But if they're bringing Talisa to the RW (and I now think that the most likely of the scenarios is that she dies), then she can certainly fulfill the same function.  And putting aside some of the snide insults of the bookreaders, Robb's pregnant bride is a more sympathetic character than an underdeveloped Dacey is and so that death (and that of Robb's unborn child) should be more dramatic.  Knowing that we have the scene of Cat slapping someone (a Frey I would assume as in the books) I think they could certainly be using the Dacey sequence of events (which starts the massacre) with Talisa instead.  To me, that's a good substitution in sacrificing a character who the audience is very familiar with.We know they have cast Wendel Manderly which means he's not just an extra and will have a speaking part.  If I had to guess, I'd imagine they'd introduce him as they arrive at the Twins as Robb's kind of personal guard (a Jory Cassel if you will).  I could see him providing some kind of heroic gesture (like Smalljon flipping the table over Robb to shield him from the arrows) or sacrifice himself somehow.  In any case, he'll die.  Him being a Manderly will be important as we'll eventually be introduced to Wyman who will play a larger (pun intended) role and this will help address his motivation for revenge on the Frey's/Boltons.To me, I don't think this particular complaint about the bannermen is as big of a deal as it's being made out to be.  Clearly, the show hasn't talked about these characters but if they aren't going to be specialized and play a unique role, it's hard to justify including them just so they can be consistent with the books.  I think the fans should set this aside and understand that the RW is almost exclusively about the demise of Robb and Cat and that should be the overwhelming focus.  This is especially true on the show because they are never going to highlight the other minor Northern houses to the extent the books do so the fates of the men attached to those houses is not really important in this venue.																																																						    		    Great post, completely agree with you!
5517	Arkash	2013-06-02	It will easily be understood that Robb's loyal bannermen were slaughtered, a line of dialogue by Walder Frey or Tywin next episode would suffice.
5518	Nick_Scryer	2013-06-02	Oh God, today is the day /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Dreading it but also so excited for it. What a strange feeling. The Whole episode should be exciting, can't wait to see some Queenscrown.
I'm also really looking forward to seeing people's reactions and the preview for ep10 so I can safely judge where the season will end for other characters.
5519	Ser Hippie	2013-06-02	Woke up early this morning after a terrifying dream where "Boy's" real name was revealed at the end of the episode through an elaborate song and dance number.
No more two week breaks, please.
5520	mystikherb	2013-06-02	Haha nothing like a week delay to make fans go absolutely bat shit for the next episode, especially when it happens to be arguably the most important one yet XD I'm so frakkin' stoked, though... I too had a dream about it, but it was just me watching it.  Just about 14 hours til it airs...
5521	Tywin's bastard	2013-06-02	Yes, it's been a great anticipation builder to have a week off for the big episode of the season. I never watch previews as I don't see the point in spoiling episodes when they are just a week away but it was a little harder not to watch this preview as the need for a fix started growing during the second week. I held out though.
5522	mystikherb	2013-06-02	I don't think the RW will have quite the same impact as Ned's beheading. Ned was the main protagonist. Catelyn and Robb don't carry the same weight. Also, Sean Bean was an actor that was loved by fantasy fans due to a previous role.You're right, they don't really carry the same weight that Ned/Sean Bean did.  And I don't think it will have the same impact either, but I don't think it will necessarily have less of an impact.  True, by this point tv fans know that there are no single stars in this show, so a big character death will be less shocking, but keep in mind that book readers went through the same thing and most book readers cringe more from hearing the phrase "Red Wedding" than from hearing about Ned dying.  It's a completely different kind of scene from Ned's death, and is made effective for entirely different reasons.  Ned was a huge character who didn't deserve to die and had a very sad and effective execution in front of everyone.  However, with the Red Wedding, it's not just a character death (or two, or a couple thousand) that we're facing.  This is the utter decimation and defeat of the North, and that is something no one who hasn't read the books is expecting to see so soon.  That on top of Catelyn watching her last child die before her eyes then lose it herself and die in her own personal hell is way worse than Ned's beheading.  I think that there will be different reactions, but just wait; We will definitely see some Unsullied lose their shit over this ;]
					
					
							Edited by mystikherb, 02 June 2013 - 06:16 AM.
5523	Mikaele	2013-06-02	Today's the day of reckoning.
Agree with everyone saying the impact and reaction to the RW won't be as intense as Ned or even anywhere near we anticipate. First season, Ned dominated screen time and while there aren't any single star, I don't think Robb and Cat have gotten enough screen time to give them the proper emotional impact the RW deserves. Non-boook readers will be shocked, upset, and amazed at what happens tonight...I'll be devestated for having to relive the whole damn thing.
I have been talking Robb up for a long ass time now just to get people to be more invested in him. I mean the kid's Neds son, leader of the Starks and the King in the North, he's pretty awesome based on that alone.
5524	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-02	Can we talk about the impact after it airs? You're all making me nervous.
5525	WinterKing	2013-06-02	I'm waiting to see how the Internet will react to this episode.
Do you think that the forum will go down?
5526	Ser-Bruce-Wayne	2013-06-02	It's going to be "the Lannisters send their regards " and not "Jaime Lannister sends his regards "
5527	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I don't know what all you others were thinking, but when I read ASoS, I didn't really care that much about Cat or Robb. I liked them, though I grew bored of Cat's long conversations with her dying father. I wasn't thinking so much about them when reading that book, and when i started on the Red Wedding chapter, I thought it was another normal Cat chapter with not much going on. For me the fact that not much did happen to Robb and Cat before the RW made it even worse, because I was expecting Robb to do some really awesome stuff towards the end of the book. I don't believe the RW will be any less horrible for the unsullied, because as I said, I didn't care much for them in the book, but the entire scene still haunts me in my dreams, and they weren't close to being my favorites (I still liked them).
The circumstances, the deaths, the slaughter, the end of a rebellion, the brutality, the sheer darkness, the madness, the sorrow, the horror, the brutal murder of hope and justice, the betrayals, the knowledge that Robb will never get to avenge his father, the Rains and much more is what makes the RW something that will be remembered, at least IMO.
5528	Honourable Ser	2013-06-02	I wish I had the foresight that so many people seem to have here! Who knows what the impact will be, just wait, see and enjoy!
5529	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-02	Robb is still the closest thing we have to a main protagonist though. He's the fallen hero's son on a crusade to avenge his death and topple the incestuous, evil, tyrannical Lannister regime and depose the much-maligned King Joffrey.
His journey coming to an abrupt and bloody end will be just as big a punch to the audience IMO.
5530	Colonel Green	2013-06-02	Robb is still the closest thing we have to a main protagonist though. He's the fallen hero's son on a crusade to avenge his death and topple the incestuous, evil, tyrannical Lannister regime and depose the much-maligned King Joffrey.Most of the audience regards Tyrion as the protagonist, or Dany, from my observations.
5531	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-02	Most of the audience regards Tyrion as the protagonist, or Dany, from my observations.Yeah. I think everyone knows that the Big Four are Dany, Jon, Tyrion and Arya.
5532	sennahoj	2013-06-02	I concur. I was never under the impression that the show centred on one of the many protagonists (neither did the book centre on just one of the POV characters). I think the shock of losing Robb will not cost viewers. Anyone who's seen Ned's death in season 1 and stuck with the show wouldn't be put off it by Robb's death.
5533	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	Most of the audience regards Tyrion as the protagonist, or Dany, from my observations.Pretty much. Most people are on team Daenarys from the look of things, since she is basically the only character who has complete plot armor.
5534	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I believe that you don't need to necessarily throw Cat and Robb in the faces of the viewers all the time just to make the event have a bigger impact. Ned's death was easier to predict since his story was reaching its climax. As for Robb and Cat, all the viewers know who they are, and I think most of them think there's still much in store for Robb. Nope, he and his mother are both killed at a wedding, take that viewers!I can't say how people will react, but I just think the show doesn't need to desperately shout: CAT AND ROBB ARE IMPORTANT CHARACTERS, DON'T STOP CARING ABOUT THEM! I also believe this episode will reinforce that feeling the viewers have that Robb has still stuff to do, and his story isn't even close to reaching a climax.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 07:35 AM.
5535	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	I was thinking about ShowLannisters reactions after tonight's event.  Does anyone remember the individual Lannister personal reactions from the book, Jaime, Cersei, Tyrion?
5536	Jamie Lannister	2013-06-02	Most of the audience regards Tyrion as the protagonist, or Dany, from my observations.Eh, true enough, but neither Dany nor Tyrion are representing the interests of our designated protagonist family. Most non-readers I know are still sold on the idea that the Starks are the main heroes.I was thinking about ShowLannisters reactions after tonight's event.  Does anyone remember the individual Lannister personal reactions from the book, Jaime, Cersei, Tyrion?Cersei was smugly pleased with herself, despite having nothing to do with it.Jaime was gobsmacked, but focused more on what this meant for his oath and how to (or whether to) fulfill his promise to a dead woman. We see that he's contemptuous of certain people's parts in it in AFFC, like Jeyne's mother and certain Freys.Tyrion was suprised too, but more because any hope of his new wife wanting to touch him will be evaporated forever now.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 02 June 2013 - 07:43 AM.
5537	Warhawk137	2013-06-02	Well, it's Sunday.
Batten down the hatches, folks, the shitstorm to end all shitstorms is incoming.
5538	Man of Steel	2013-06-02	Well, it's Sunday.Batten down the hatches, folks, the shitstorm to end all shitstorms is incoming.I've been reading this forum for a while now and finally decided to register. Can't wait for reactions to tonight's episode! Been looking forward to this for 2 weeks now
5539	Arkash	2013-06-02	WOOOOOW ! Something really funny just happened to me !
One of my friends who do not watch the show nor read the books just shared on my wall this picture :https://fbcdn-sphoto...292608451_n.jpg
Without no idea of what it could mean for me today !
5540	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-02	WOOOOOW ! Something really funny just happened to me !One of my friends who do not watch the show nor read the books just shared on my wall this picture :https://fbcdn-sphoto...292608451_n.jpgWithout no idea of what it could mean for me today !Why did I look now I'm sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Since they replaced roose with tywin at harrenhall,  Arya hasn't heard about rickon n bran on the show yet right?
					
					
							Edited by Master Forel's Fro, 02 June 2013 - 08:11 AM.
5541	Pure Guava	2013-06-02	Ermahgerd! I'm already feeling anxious about it! Tonight's episode is going to be hard to watch!!
5542	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	WOOOOOW ! Something really funny just happened to me !One of my friends who do not watch the show nor read the books just shared on my wall this picture :https://fbcdn-sphoto...292608451_n.jpgWithout no idea of what it could mean for me today !I've got the Witcher 2 game. When it launches, a big wolf's head pops up on the middle of the desktop. I'm going to have a background with someone sitting the throne (couldn't find any with Robb), and then launch the game when my GoT friend is around just to fuck with him.Btw, this one made me laugh:https://sphotos-a.xx...355978849_n.jpg
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 08:23 AM.
5543	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	Someone upthread commented yesterday (and he/she's right) that about 15 seconds after tonight's episode ends, all the GoT sites are gonna crash because of the overload.  Westeros, WiC, TWoP, Neogaf, Chud.com.  So, we may have some trouble scrolling around and looking for reactions.  As one poster said elsewhere about fan reaction after tonight:  'I'm afraid the internet will break!'
5544	Joyful Union	2013-06-02	I hope that they dont show Catelyn clawing her own face to ribbons. There's only so much I can stomach, and that's going to far.
5545	Arkash	2013-06-02	The internet may very well break...Imagine the reading will have afterwards ! As you said : Westeros, WiC, TWoP... those three only will occupy me for hours ! Then all the rest will flow !Well, there still will be the Facebook Event of the wedding to celebrate ! ^^https://www.facebook...14436735265479/
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 02 June 2013 - 08:23 AM.
5546	sati	2013-06-02	I think people are still going to be upset about Robb. He was the one who was defeating the Lannisters on the battle field and humiliating Tywin. He has this legendary aura around him - never lost a battle, he "can't" be killed. As for Cat seeing mother see her children die in front of her is one of the most cruel scenarios out there.
5547	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Wish Tywin was a huge Robb fan and watched this episode, then we would have a goldstorm instead of a shitstorm. Oh, wait ... forget that part about the gold.I hope that they dont show Catelyn clawing her own face to ribbons. There's only so much I can stomach, and that's going to far.I hope they don't remove that part, it will just be so haunting. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Still conflicted about wether I want to watch that or not. Guess I'll be covering my eyes during some parts, and then force myself to watch it again just to see what happened.
5548	Ravi Seaworth	2013-06-02	Well, there still will be the Facebook Event of the wedding to celebrate ! ^^https://www.facebook...14436735265479/Roose Bolton just made an announcement:One day for our main event. I hope you are all making your way to the Twins by now. Merret Frey shall greet the guests and accommodate them in their designated areas. Ravens inform that his Grace, Robb Stark, is soon to arrive as well.Remember: No pets allowed.
5549	Arkash	2013-06-02	I hope everything will be in it ! The arrows flying, the nails ruining the face, the sword through the heart, the axe in the belly, the decapitations, the tents sent ablaze, the drunk men in the mud, the table over the King, Bolton leaving and returning, Walder's "he !", the dreading of what is to come, the drums, the rains, the crossbows, the chaos, the drinking...
5550	sati	2013-06-02	I hope everything will be in it ! The arrows flying, the nails ruining the face, the sword through the heart, the axe in the belly, the decapitations, the tents sent ablaze, the drunk men in the mud, the table over the King, Bolton leaving and returning, Walder's "he !", the dreading of what is to come, the drums, the rains, the crossbows, the chaos, the drinking...Same here! I'm hoping for the single drum playing during Cat's final moments. The music will be such a big part of that scene.
5551	Arkash	2013-06-02	BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom BOOM doom...
5552	LilJonUmber	2013-06-02	Most non-readers I know are still sold on the idea that the Starks are the main heroes.And Martin would agree with that assessment: "To me, the Starks are heroes..." http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2012/magazine/05/30/george.rr.martin/index.htmlIt's gonna be tough seeing what's about to happen to them, despite the fact that Robb clearly brought this upon himself.
5553	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	Pretty funny.  Something to while away the time...https://www.youtube....h?v=QKqF8lg_M7A
5554	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Same here! I'm hoping for the single drum playing during Cat's final moments. The music will be such a big part of that scene.Agreed, the music is very important, and I have no doubt D&D know this, since this scene is very important to them. The chaotic music during the slaughter, and then silence, but for one drum, when Cat pleads Walder to save her son. I wouldn't be surprised if they did something that other TV series has done, like Breaking Bad, by letting the screen go black, but still having that one sound play for some time before the credits music starts (granted there is any music during the credits).
5555	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Pretty funny.  Something to while away the time...https://www.youtube....h?v=QKqF8lg_M7AHeh that makes me wonder how many will suddenly start to like Stannis when they realize he's the Starks last shot. Before finding out about the ones secretly still loyal to the Starks I mean
5556	Master Forel's Fro	2013-06-02	It's gonna be tough seeing what's about to happen to them, despite the fact that Robb clearly brought this upon himself.I agree with you sometimes when I'm mad at him for Jayne or other decisions, but other times there's no way he could have known that was coming. I mean has a king or even a great lord EVER being murdered for breaking a betrothal?
5557	LordBloodraven	2013-06-02	You know the Red Wedding is near when it's been raining intermittently since  three days,heh
5558	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	You know the Red Wedding is near when it's been raining intermittently since  three days,hehI live in a place where it rains more often than not, but the last week there hasn't been a single drop of rain. Now the sky is full of clouds, and I can sense that the rains are coming ... /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 09:03 AM.
5559	darksellsword	2013-06-02	Theres one prediction  i can make, this forum will crash tonight with the unsullied coming to express their shock at the Red Wedding /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
It will be epic
5560	Dysun	2013-06-02	I'm giddy with anticipation. Gonna be a long day!
5561	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	Theres one prediction  i can make, this forum will crash tonight with the unsullied coming to express their shock at the Red Wedding /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It will be epicAgreed, heh.
5562	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Theres one prediction  i can make, this forum will crash tonight with the unsullied coming to express their shock at the Red Wedding /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It will be epicI'm afraid I'll fail my test on Tuesday, because my entire Monday will consist of watching episode 9 over and over again + spending time on the forums just to sadistically enjoy everyone's reactions /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
5563	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-06-02	I had a dream last night I forgot about the episode and realized it was already 9:30 and i missed half of it. I was running around to find a TV but couldn't LOL.  What a nightmare haha. One does not simply watch this episode online after it airs...
5564	The Mighty Conch	2013-06-02	today is the day!! get pumped!
5565	Neumond	2013-06-02	Im so excited!
I wasnt to fond of the Cat/Robb arch in the books. But the RW still shocked me a great deal... I really believe it will be a big thing for the show-only-people...
Perhaps not as big as in the books, where you got to watch cat going insane over this directly. This insight into the characters thoughts was the most haunting in my opinion...
Im really curious about the unsullied-reaction... (Btw I love the term!)
5566	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Im so excited!I wasnt to fond of the Cat/Robb arch in the books. But the RW still shocked me a great deal... I really believe it will be a big thing for the show-only-people...Perhaps not as big as in the books, where you got to watch cat going insane over this directly. This insight into the characters thoughts was the most haunting in my opinion...Im really curious about the unsullied-reaction... (Btw I love the term!)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=bflYjF90t7c relevant. Also my favorite narm
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 02 June 2013 - 09:31 AM.
5567	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	I am so excited but also nervous. I really hope they get it right.
5568	Neumond	2013-06-02	bobbybuilderton: Thank you! Now I know what I have to do /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
5569	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Im so excited!I wasnt to fond of the Cat/Robb arch in the books. But the RW still shocked me a great deal... I really believe it will be a big thing for the show-only-people...Perhaps not as big as in the books, where you got to watch cat going insane over this directly. This insight into the characters thoughts was the most haunting in my opinion...Im really curious about the unsullied-reaction... (Btw I love the term!)Yeah, I believe a lot of people have been affected by the RW in a way that made them think they cared more about Cat and Robb, and therefore they think the show has screwed up with those two. Now, which would be more etched into your memory, a scene where Tyrion just dies, nothing more, or the Red Wedding? While I'd hate to see Tyrion die, and the fans would probably throw GRRM off a cliff, I would still look back at that scene as the one where he died. But when it comes to the RW, I remember almost every detail, it's not just the scene where Robb and Cat died. The Red Wedding is sheer horror in its purest form.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 09:48 AM.
5570	Tony Inchpractice	2013-06-02	Not long now, I think the violence in the episode is going to be very, very graphic. They are using amputees for the Red Wedding scene so expect some nasty stuff. I'm betting the final shot will be dead Robb with the wolf's head looking right at the camera.
5571	Neumond	2013-06-02	The lord of cinder:
Absolutely! Its a great peace of horror-literature...
To me, Robbs doom was sealed, when Stannis threw this leeche-thing into the flames.
And then Cat running through the twins, searching for clues, whats going on and finding none...
So, I was absolutely clear, that hes not gonna make it. I dont see a problem in people expecting him to die.
It actually adds to the tension... Because they will be still suprised by the sheere gore. (Well, if they avoided certain websites /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)
					
					
							Edited by Neumond, 02 June 2013 - 09:55 AM.
5572	LilJonUmber	2013-06-02	I agree with you sometimes when I'm mad at him for Jayne or other decisions, but other times there's no way he could have known that was coming. I mean has a king or even a great lord EVER being murdered for breaking a betrothal?I respectfully disagree that he couldn't have known it was coming. His naivete got the best of him, as it did Ned. He truly was his "father's son" in that regard.  Robb was warned numerous times that Walder is a prick, and has nothing left but his pride and legacy.  And historically, he was told that the Freys have always waited until the end of battle to swoop in and join the winning side.  And he even said that letting Robb's army cross the Trident would be construed as abetting treason -- and siding with the North -- and he only did it for one reason: his house would finally get some respect.He took Robb at his word, and his word was wind.  He also foolishly ignored the warning about trusting Balon Greyjoy. Another genius move.	And lastly, he sent Roose and his forces to die on the Green Fork, with his tactic to create a diversion; a slight that I think is the true underlying motive behind the Bolton's eventual betrayal of the Starks.All in all, much as I'm Team Stark, Robb's decisions were of the facepalming variety, at best.
					
					
							Edited by LilJonUmber, 02 June 2013 - 09:54 AM.
5573	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Not long now, I think the violence in the episode is going to be very, very graphic. They are using amputees for the Red Wedding scene so expect some nasty stuff. I'm betting the final shot will be dead Robb with the wolf's head looking right at the camera.I thought you were kidding but then a short google search revealed this is truehttp://www.westeros....Nice_Day_For_A/SO EXCITED OHMAHGAWD
5574	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	I believe and I know some peole disagree, that the last shot should be on Robbwind on the throne with all the Freys mockingly chanting the "KING IN THE NORTH"Not long now, I think the violence in the episode is going to be very, very graphic. They are using amputees for the Red Wedding scene so expect some nasty stuff. I'm betting the final shot will be dead Robb with the wolf's head looking right at the camera.Agreed
5575	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I thought you were kidding but then a short google search revealed this is truehttp://www.westeros....Nice_Day_For_A/SO EXCITED OHMAHGAWDI'm expecting a lot of bearded men with long hair.I believe and I know some peole disagree, that the last shot should be on Robbwind on the throne with all the Freys mockingly chanting the "KING IN THE NORTH"I'm just afraid that'll take away from the RW scene itself. Ending with Cat dying, then awkwardly jumping forwards in time to show Robbwind. I highly doubt the drum will still be pounding a long time after the slaughter, and we need the sound of the drum to end the episode!I don't even know how they'll edit in the Arya scene without taking away from the slaughter inside the twins. The scene in the book was perfect, and I wish they could film the last part (from the moment of Cat's realization and the Rains) without cutting to Arya mid-scene.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 10:03 AM.
5576	Neumond	2013-06-02	Ok, Im out... I have an appointment, where Im supposed to eat something. Not gonna happen if Ill think to much about such pictures...
Have a nice day and enjoy whats coming!
5577	Arkash	2013-06-02	Well, imo, it will happen like this :
- Arya and the Hound passing by the tents and the drunk soldiers.
- Red Wedding inside. Start of the slaughter (death of Talisa).
- Shit breaks loose outside, Arya runs away as the tents are sent ablaze and the Frey army shows up (long scene I'd wager).
- Pursuing of the Red Wedding inside. Wendel Manderly's death.
- Arya making it to the Great Room just in time to see Robb pierced by crossbows and being protected by the Blackfish.
- Maybe Cat will notice Arya at the moment she is taken away by the Hound who goes back the corridor.
- Cat tries to run to Arya but is hit by a crossbow and falls to the ground as Roose Bolton enters the room.
- Maybe the Jinglebells scene. Roose kills Robb. Cat becomes mad and is put down as the drums continue.
- The drums fades away as we see GreyRobb sitting on his throne.
- Credits, silent or Rains.
5578	Mammothsbane	2013-06-02	Anyone else kinda bummed the scene is going to be "the Lannister's send their regards" instead of "Jaime?" Kinda nitpicky, I know, but I'm kinda disappointed.
5579	Sansa in the North	2013-06-02	I'm expecting a lot of bearded men with long hair.I'm just afraid that'll take away from the RW scene itself. Ending with Cat dying, then awkwardly jumping forwards in time to show Robbwind. I highly doubt the drum will still be pounding a long time after the slaughter, and we need the sound of the drum to end the episode!I don't even know how they'll edit in the Arya scene without taking away from the slaughter inside the twins. The scene in the book was perfect, and I wish they could film the last part (from the moment of Cat's realization and the Rains) without cutting to Arya mid-scene.Perhaps they'll end this episode with Cat dying and start episode 10 with the fighting still going on outside the twins and the Hound/Arya.
5580	Father of Dragons	2013-06-02	Theres one prediction  i can make, this forum will crash tonight with the unsullied coming to express their shock at the Red Wedding /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It will be epicForget about Winter, the Unsullied are comingHeh that makes me wonder how many will suddenly start to like Stannis when they realize he's the Starks last shot. Before finding out about the ones secretly still loyal to the Starks I meanA lot of people might blame Stannis after Balon dies, realising that it's his fault Robb is dead because of the leeches. But then again, they might worship him after Joffrey ...
5581	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-06-02	I wonder if we'll see Grey Wind much.
5582	Isy	2013-06-02	Reckon it'll end on the moment of Cat being killed, with the immediate repercussions (Cat being thrown over the bridge, Robbwind, link between Roose and "the boy") all coming together in Ep10.
5583	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Perhaps they'll end this episode with Cat dying and start episode 10 with the fighting still going on outside the twins and the Hound/Arya.That could work, as they, in a way, did the same in episodes 9 and 10 of season 1. I don't think they'll do it, though, but it could work. That would mean no Arya "death", which I think is good, and it would be a chilling way to start the last episode, and maybe showing Robbwind and  Cat thrown into the river after Arya's scene.Edit: Just noticed in the preview of next episode a couple of frames with Arya, who looks horrified, together with the Hound in some dark place. I think it's pretty certain they have the Arya chapter in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 10:27 AM.
5584	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	I completely agree. I really hope they will mention them in Ep.9, the fact they violated guest right is a huge deal. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   The violation of guest right is enormous, as bad as being a kinslayer.
5585	The Monkey	2013-06-02	https://fbcdn-sphoto...607738699_n.jpg
Here we go...
5586	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	Talisa is still there... they will introduce a Manderly, probably one scene at the beginning of the episode and his death, during the wedding.Possibility of Blackfish going down too... then it will be only bearded men I guess ! ^^Yes, Manderly needs to be introduced.   This will justify his father's revenge later....They better not kill off Blackfish!!!!
5587	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	https://fbcdn-sphoto...607738699_n.jpgHere we go..."Written and directed by T.Lannister" made me laugh /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
5588	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Well, imo, it will happen like this :- Arya and the Hound passing by the tents and the drunk soldiers.- Red Wedding inside. Start of the slaughter (death of Talisa).- Shit breaks loose outside, Arya runs away as the tents are sent ablaze and the Frey army shows up (long scene I'd wager).- Pursuing of the Red Wedding inside. Wendel Manderly's death.- Arya making it to the Great Room just in time to see Robb pierced by crossbows and being protected by the Blackfish.- Maybe Cat will notice Arya at the moment she is taken away by the Hound who goes back the corridor.- Cat tries to run to Arya but is hit by a crossbow and falls to the ground as Roose Bolton enters the room.- Maybe the Jinglebells scene. Roose kills Robb. Cat becomes mad and is put down as the drums continue.- The drums fades away as we see GreyRobb sitting on his throne.- Credits, silent or Rains.I think this would be terrible. Cat thinks her children are dead. She has to or Stoneheart actions make less sense.  Plus the wolfs head thing shouldn't be in the same episode. They will spread out the disgusting behavior of the Freys. A week between the acts makes the hate for them greater than one big "gratuitous" (fandoms favorite word) one. AND Arya has to face her denial and eventual acceptance. To show she's still a little kid and pretty immature, though precocious Perhaps they'll end this episode with Cat dying and start episode 10 with the fighting still going on outside the twins and the Hound/Arya.That could work, as they, in a way, did the same in episodes 9 and 10 of season 1. I don't think they'll do it, though, but it could work. That would mean no Arya "death", which I think is good, and it would be a chilling way to start the last episode, and maybe showing Robbwind and  Cat thrown into the river after Arya's scene.Edit: Just noticed in the preview of next episode a couple of frames with Arya, who looks horrified, together with the Hound in some dark place. I think it's pretty certain they have the Arya chapter in this episode.In the preview, there is a quick shot of Arya that makes it pretty clear to me that the stuff outside will happen this episode.I had an idea.. In my head, the show has Arya haunted by what she experiences that day. Reliving it in nightmares, hearing Rains of Castamere...If they are going to be showing people missing limbs, this makes me wonder if they really will go that route. Would go a long way in catching her up to the killer level she should be reaching soon.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 02 June 2013 - 10:34 AM.
5589	iheartseverus	2013-06-02	An observation over at Tumblr:9th Episode of Season 1: Ned Stark Dies9th Episode of Season 2: Tyion Lannister<U+0080><U+0099>s face gets slashed9th Episode of Season 3: I<U+0080><U+0099>m sure everyone will be fine /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5590	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Just agreed with my GoT friend that we'll be watching it together. Oh, I hope his reaction will be priceless! /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />An observation over at Tumblr: /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />More like:Episode 9 of season 2: Tyrion nukes Stannis' fleet.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 10:43 AM.
5591	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	WOOOOOW ! Something really funny just happened to me !One of my friends who do not watch the show nor read the books just shared on my wall this picture :https://fbcdn-sphoto...292608451_n.jpgWithout no idea of what it could mean for me today !Whoa.  That's unbelievable that your friend doesn't even know the meaning of the RW!
5592	The Dublin Warrior	2013-06-02	I think Robbwind is a must as it is shocking. The first thing (a lot) of the unsullied are going to do is check the wiki to see if he is (just like Ned, alot of my friends went on the internet and called me to see if he was really dead. And the wiki says what happens with Robbs body thus leaving it until next week will ruin it for some people.
5593	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=bflYjF90t7c relevant. Also my favorite narmLOL - that's me today! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
5594	WriterIsComing	2013-06-02	Just listened to the Amazon preview of "The Lannisters Send Their Regards." Fast and chilling. You can almost hear another death with every measure.
5595	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	Anyone else kinda bummed the scene is going to be "the Lannister's send their regards" instead of "Jaime?" Kinda nitpicky, I know, but I'm kinda disappointed.I think it's better as Lannisters send their regards.  Keeps the hatred of Tywin going strong.  Jaime's 'redemption' would be tainted by signing his name to the RW.  Since the unsullied are just beginning to see Jaime as not all bad...
5596	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	I think Robbwind is a must as it is shocking. The first thing (a lot) of the unsullied are going to do is check the wiki to see if he is (just like Ned, alot of my friends went on the internet and called me to see if he was really dead. And the wiki says what happens with Robbs body thus leaving it until next week will ruin it for some people.Anyone who goes to the wiki should know they're going to get things spoiled. A friend of mine went to the wiki to read about the Second Sons because he believed he would avoid spoilers. He pretty much spoiled a lot that happens in books 3 and 5. If they went to the wiki to read about Ned, they probably spoiled his head on a spike, which would mean they should have had that scene in episode 9. No, I would put my money on Robbwind opening the episode 10.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord of Cinder, 02 June 2013 - 10:58 AM.
5597	Q the Cat	2013-06-02	Forget about Winter, the Unsullied are coming /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
5598	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-06-02	A lot of people might blame Stannis after Balon dies, realising that it's his fault Robb is dead because of the leeches. But then again, they might worship him after Joffrey ...I thought that too, but then, an explanation of the whole plot by Tywin or Roose would suffice. Or probably Davos, using it as an argument to prevent Gendry being sacrificed, saying that he can't believe Robb's death was because of the leeches but for a far more simple, non magical reason: betrayal.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 02 June 2013 - 11:02 AM.
5599	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	Anyone who goes to the wiki should know they're going to get things spoiled. A friend of mine went to the wiki to read about the Second Sons because he believed he would avoid spoilers. He pretty much spoiled a lot that happens in books 3 and 5. If they went to the wiki to read about Ned, they probably spoiled his head on a spike, which would mean they should have had that scene in episode 9. No, I would put my money on Robbwind opening the episode 10.Funny thing about Ned is that it's  actually ruined for a lot of people when it shows up as a related video on youtube. I was watching some game of thrones video and on the side it said "Ned Starks Death." I started the show after season 2 had aired. I knew he was going to die but it still surprised me. Shouldn't have, in retrospect, since the thumbnail was him on his knees with Payne holding the sword raised...
5600	The Lord of Cinder	2013-06-02	Funny thing about Ned is that it's  actually ruined for a lot of people when it shows up as a related video on youtube. I was watching some game of thrones video and on the side it said "Ned Starks Death." I started the show after season 2 had aired. I knew he was going to die but it still surprised me. Shouldn't have, in retrospect, since the thumbnail was him on his knees with Payne holding the sword raised...Yeah. I'm actually afraid that after the episode has aired, people will be shouting at social sites, like Facebook and Twitter, that Robb and Cat both die, thus spoiling it for a lot of people who haven't yet watched the episode. If you're on the internet and don't want to get spoiled, you must be REALLY careful. Was going to send my friend a link to a Breaking Bad scene on Youtube, but noticed that the other video titles contained massive spoilers, so I couldn't.
5601	Katar	2013-06-02	Found these pictures... I want one.http://25.media.tumb...9h4heo5_250.jpghttp://25.media.tumb...9h4heo6_250.jpgAlso can't wait for this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Katar, 02 June 2013 - 12:28 PM.
5602	bobbybuilderton	2013-06-02	How many of you would be angry if the last shot of the episode is the version of Rains of Castamere from episode 7 with Tywin drinking red wine looking out of a window looking satisfied.
I would die laughing.
5603	Winter's Prince	2013-05-14	IN ASOS, Bolton leaves Harrenhal for the Twins to meet Robb Stark, but as we all know he has already turned his cloak and on the march allows Clegane to fall on him at the Ruby Ford. But only after Bolton and his own men have crossed the river does the attack occur.
My question is do you guys think D&D will still include this in the story? I know they won't show the attack it would only be discussed only after Roose has arrived at the Twins. Now as for Duskendale that can be taken out altogether.
in one of the production photos I saw a Manderly, so instead of being captured at the Ford, he may be taken prisoner at the Twins
So like I said what do you guys think about this? Do you feel it needs to be included in the show? 
Thoughts
5604	LordStoneheart	2013-05-16	They did include Edmure's mistake on repelling Tywin, though how the show portrayed it has some criticisms that can be found in Elio's analysis video. The writers are definitely ok with just telling us how that battle went down and how it was significant so I'd say that's a good indication talk of the Ruby Ford could make its way on screen.
But it would have to be during or right before the RW to not cause suspicion. My Unsullied sister already was confused on why Roose let Jaime go.
5605	callmedodge	2013-05-16	It`s really just a minor detail that`s a slight clue in the books. It`s not something to go shouting home about. I see no reason why they wouldn`t include it but I also see no reason why they should.
5606	Montey14	2013-05-17	They did include Edmure's mistake on repelling Tywin, though how the show portrayed it has some criticisms that can be found in Elio's analysis video. The writers are definitely ok with just telling us how that battle went down and how it was significant so I'd say that's a good indication talk of the Ruby Ford could make its way on screen.But it would have to be during or right before the RW to not cause suspicion. My Unsullied sister already was confused on why Roose let Jaime go.In the book...roose let Jamie go well before the red wedding....what was the reason GRRM gave as to not arouse suspicion of Boltons ultimate betreal?  Was it just greed and that he wanted the ransom for himself? I don't quite remember the excuse he gave why he sent Jamie back to his father....or was he just convinced the war was lost and did it as a political move...or both....but it was written is such a way as to not arouse boltons utter and complete betrayal of Robb...
5607	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-17	I really hope they include the ambush at the Ruby Ford and the defeat at Duskendale(although the latter might be a little too late). It shows just how much Roose did to damage Robb's campaign, and would make him appear as more of the magnificent bastard that he is in the books. It also shows that he didn't jump ship suddenly, and had secretly and cautiously planning the betrayal of Robb in a very systematic manner.
5608	The Fourth Head	2013-05-17	I think showing the ruby ford would be expensive and unneccessary. It was a deliberately ambiguous event. It would eat up air-time and budget.However, I think talking about it is necessary- the way it is described, the cost, Robb's dismay that "so few?" arrive, the greater reliance on "believing" in Roose's loyalty, and anything that provides the RW with more rationale and context is all good. Roose needs as much air-time as possible so on re-watches, people can be fully rewarded.I think discussing the RF could provide the show with an excuse to introduce some generic sacrificial lords in time for the RW. show Robb's personal delight that they managed to come through unscathed, show their mutual goodwill, his trust in their views.
5609	The hairy bear	2013-05-17	Yes, I don't think they'll include the Ruby Ford or Duskendale. There's no need for it, really. And they've already given enough clues that Roose is double-crossing Robb.
5610	Winter's Prince	2013-05-18	@theHairyBear: I think it is important to include because I feel as though that in later season will indeed see and hear that despite his failed campaign Robb did have loyal followers. In one trailer I see a part where Tyrion says "the Northerners will never forget this" which hint that the North will be very upset because of the Red Wedding.
To everyone else, you guys have some valid points and good analysis. Some things and theories I would have never thought of myself.
5611	Gonzalo	2013-05-18	in one of the production photos I saw a Manderly, so instead of being captured at the Ford, he may be taken prisoner at the TwinsWylis is the one captured at the Ruby Ford. The Manderly at the RW is Wendel, just like in the books.More than the Ruby Ford, I hope they at least mention the Battle of Duskendale
5612	TheEvilKing	2013-05-18	They won't include it or Duskendale.
5613	Heir to the North	2013-05-18	I hope they include some talk of both battles/slaughters if for nothing else but to note how precarious the situation is and to build on how much is riding on Robb being forgiven at and getting Frey soldiers after Edmure and Rosalin's wedding.Ain't I a stinker?No, not really.  I'd just like to have a little more emotional buildup before the music changes...
					
					
							Edited by Heir to the North, 20 May 2013 - 12:05 PM.
5614	The Fourth Head	2013-05-20	Two more reasons for mentioning the RF/Duskendale is:
It gives Robb and Roose something to talk about before the RW, and gives Roose the killer line "I blame myself" which passes by without anyone blinking.
It reminds viewers that the war has not been put on hold for this mass outbreak of weddings, but that battles have been fought, and recently.
5615	Greyjoy67	2013-05-20	I'd rather they tie in the Ramsay reveal with the RW than the ruby ford sequence tbh. That'll be enough of a hint to viewers that the Boltons are up to something.
5616	The Unborn	2013-05-20	I'd rather they tie in the Ramsay reveal with the RW than the ruby ford sequence tbh. That'll be enough of a hint to viewers that the Boltons are up to something.I hope they include a scene about Robb's will, but I have a feeling they won't...
5617	Kyoti	2013-05-21	I hope they include a scene about Robb's will, but I have a feeling they won't...I suspect that we will get a Theon skin letter sealed with pink wax that says Bran and Rickon are dead in the first 5 minutes of Episode 9 along with at least one or two shots of those mysterious gold sealed letters from the Hand of the King.
5618	Lord Jonah Darke	2013-05-22	Wasnt the battle of Duskendale mentioned in an episode?? Robb recieved a letter from Bolton saying the Lords Glover and Tallhart had marched on Duskendale and been defeated with a third of the northern foot, or did I just imagine that?
					
					
							Edited by Lord Jonah Darke, 22 May 2013 - 04:30 AM.
5619	Brother Without Banners	2013-05-22	Imagined, though I wish it had been mentioned.
5620	Mr. Wiggles	2013-05-23	Robb already got word of the losses of Duskendale, he was furious about it at Riverrun, remember?  It was in one of the earlier season 3 episodes.
I expect all they need to say about Bolton fighting the Mountain's horde is a passing mention by Bolton himself, "We lost some guys crossing the river."  Maybe he could add that line from the book about leaving other men to guard the Trident, and only arriving with his own Bolton men and the Karstark men left under his command (who may or may not have heard that their Lord was beheaded by Robb for treason).  "Yeah, I left all the guys I thought might spontaneously defend you miles away, and only came with the dudes who are most obedient to me, or already hate you."  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
(For more detail see: http://awoiaf.wester...f_the_Ruby_Ford )
Although even in the context of the book I suppose it's possible that the pact between Bolton and Lannister was so secret that the Mountain didn't know about it.  But then, what if the Mountain had killed Bolton? It would have badly damaged the Tywin's schemes going forward.  So I'm assuming the Mountain knew to attack only those Northmen who didn't fly the Bolton flayed man or the Karstark sun.
The other thing from the book likely to make it into the scene is Bolton giving Robb a strip of Theon's skin, and giving Robb a false account of how Winterfell went down (eg Ramsay came to the rescue vs Ramsay did it at my command).
					
					
							Edited by Mr. Wiggles, 23 May 2013 - 01:07 PM.
5621	The hairy bear	2013-05-24	Robb already got word of the losses of Duskendale, he was furious about it at Riverrun, remember?  It was in one of the earlier season 3 episodes.That was the Battle of Stone Mill, not Duskendale.Maybe he could add that line from the book about leaving other men to guard the Trident, and only arriving with his own Bolton men and the Karstark men left under his command (who may or may not have heard that their Lord was beheaded by Robb for treason).  "Yeah, I left all the guys I thought might spontaneously defend you miles away, and only came with the dudes who are most obedient to me, or already hate you."  That would make a lot of sense.
5622	Gendels Children	2013-05-25	I expect all they need to say about Bolton fighting the Mountain's horde is a passing mention by Bolton himself, "We lost some guys crossing the river."  Maybe he could add that line from the book about leaving other men to guard the Trident, and only arriving with his own Bolton men and the Karstark men left under his command (who may or may not have heard that their Lord was beheaded by Robb for treason).  "Yeah, I left all the guys I thought might spontaneously defend you miles away, and only came with the dudes who are most obedient to me, or already hate you."  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> haha seems legit! that's quite funny but I also agree with you,
5623	flinn	2013-05-26	My buddies came over today to catch up on the last couple of episodes. I found it very interesting at the point when Jaime was delivered to Bolton (by Locke) one of my friends said "He could be Tywin's brother". Not literally, of course, but the way he carries himself and he has the stare.
					
					
							Edited by flinn, 26 May 2013 - 08:06 PM.
5624	Conchobar	2013-05-27	I spose they substituted Robb losing a significant chunk of his army through the treachery of Roose from the books to the Karstarks just leaving camp and having a significant number of men leave with them.
5625	The Monkey	2013-05-28	I think they will leave out both Duskendale and the Ruby Ford. That's why that made the ridiculous decision to have the Karstarks make up half of the northern army, as a quick way for Robb to lose a lot of men so that the Boltons and Freys destroying the rest of the army doesn't seem as implausible.
5626	Khal Porno	2013-06-01	Isn't it fjord?  Shouldn't it be fjord?  With a j in it?
5627	TomBadgerlock	2013-06-01	Isn't it fjord?  Shouldn't it be fjord?  With a j in it?No. A ford is a crossing, a fjord is a narrow stretch of water between two hills. I'm always reminded of the river they went down in the Fellowship of the Ring, this.
5628	Khal Porno	2013-06-01	No. A ford is a crossing, a fjord is a narrow stretch of water between two hills. I'm always reminded of the river they went down in the Fellowship of the Ring, this.I know, I was making a joke at 1:30 am haha.
5629	lyanna wolfgirl	2013-06-01	you're so fjunny!
5630	Aarnikotka	2013-04-29	In the books the marriage between Robb and Jayne Westerling was a plot arranged by Jayne's mother and Tywin Lannister. Do you think that the plot is somehow written to the series as well? I think that would be too juicy a detail to be left out. Thinking about Tywins dislike (or so we think) with hookers, maybe she's just a prostitute purchased by Tywin Lannister to seduce Robb.
Also in the series Talisa's last name Maegyr is the same as one of the rulers of Volantis. Could this just a coincidence.
5631	LordStoneheart	2013-04-30	Umm, not sure if it's quite that simple. I think Jeyne's mother Sybil only plotted to Tywin after Robb married her, if you discount the Jeyne/Love Potion theories. But yes, I wouldn't find it to be an asspull from the show if Talisa is a spy. They've dropped subtle hints that could be taken as either hints if its right or overreaching if wrong.
5632	Groney	2013-04-30	No Talisa is no Shae. I think D&D definitely wanted Robb's relationship to be true love.
5633	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-01	I think that Talisa will be killed at the RW also, unless they do a plot twist with her.
She's in the pictures from the RW that have been on the internet for a while, alongside Robb and Catelyn.
5634	Dysun	2013-05-01	Seems like three possibilities
1) She dies
2) She conspires against Robb
3) She is taken hostage
2 and 3 could lead to a variety of options, she could replace fake-Arya or be the 'Frey' Catelyn kills. Guess we shall find out soon enough.
5635	Father of Dragons	2013-05-01	Also in the series Talisa's last name Maegyr is the same as one of the rulers of Volantis. Could this just a coincidence.She told Robb she was from a noble family from Volantis, I'm sure.I remember reading somewhere that she survives the red wedding
5636	~DarkHorse~	2013-05-02	If the Jeyne Westerling being pregnant theory is true then she won't be killed as Robb having an heir would turn the tides.
5637	Aarnikotka	2013-05-03	If the Jeyne Westerling being pregnant theory is true then she won't be killed as Robb having an heir would turn the tides. Didn't Jayne Westerlings mother say that she gave her anti-fertilyt drugs to keep this from happening?
5638	YTDN	2013-05-03	I think if the Jeyne-swap theory was true they would have kept Talisa at Riverrun in the same way Jeyne stayed there. Her being at the RW I think confirms her death.
5639	Blind Beth the Cat Lady	2013-05-03	I think it's 75% likely that she will be killed at the RW and 25% likely that she will be captured, ransomed back to her family, and get looped back into the story when other characters start heading for Volantis.  I'm kind of hoping for the less likely scenario, because then at least there will be SOME earthly point in her existence.
5640	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	Didn't Jayne Westerlings mother say that she gave her anti-fertilyt drugs to keep this from happening?Yeah unless Jeyne has bionic fertility those theories are probably wrong. Although I guess that stuff still happens today with modern birth control, so who knows.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 May 2013 - 01:59 PM.
5641	Hangover of the Morning	2013-05-05	1) She dies2) She conspires against Robb3) She is taken hostage2 and 3 could lead to a variety of options, she could replace fake-Arya or be the 'Frey' Catelyn kills. Guess we shall find out soon enough.I wonder, which one would people prefer? As much as I want Talisa to be removed from the show yesterday, I really like the idea of her replacing fake-Arya and to interact with Theon. IMO, they need to start introducing some of Robb's bannermen in the upcoming episodes in order to make the RW more poignant. It wasn't just Robb and Cat who were killed.
5642	Red Hound	2013-05-06	I believe that Talisa's fate after the RW is going to be a spoiler of what is going to happen to Jeyne. Something like :
-If she attends the RW and dies, then it means that Jeyne definitely is not pregnant, as then I really don't see any way to tie the show with the books with the possibility of having a new Stark boy in the saga. It could also mean that Jeyne would have a girl. 
-If she attends the RW and survive/doesn't attend, which I believe is what will happen, then we'll still be in the dark when it comes to Jeyne.
-If she's a traitor, I will very disappointed and confused, even if Talisa is a spy-but-still-in-love. I've seen the video about Talisa being a spy, and while it's quite interesting, I'm just hoping it's a mixture of coincidences and poor writing.
I see the point of replacing Jeyne with something more exciting, as it probably wouldn't have worked very well on screen what happened in the books, but I think it just went wrong due to various reasons.
5643	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-06	If Talisa does end up being a spy,I hope Uncat's first order of business is to hang her in ep10.
5644	TheGreenBell	2013-05-06	IMO, they need to start introducing some of Robb's bannermen in the upcoming episodes in order to make the RW more poignant. It wasn't just Robb and Cat who were killed.definitely, they need to build something up for this episode. non-book readers don't even care about Robb.
5645	sati	2013-05-06	As cool as it would be for Talisa to be revealed as spy and LS killing her, I think she will die during RW to make it even more horrible. They are completely omitting Grey Wind this season and as awful as his death will be, they need something to make it even worse.
5646	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-06	Spoiler 
Talisa will be at the wedding.  There is a picture of her with Robb and Catelyn.  Manderly is right behind them. {Boom Doom Boom Doom}http://media.tumblr....huxA1rxdo88.png

					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 06 May 2013 - 08:52 PM.
5647	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-05-07	I'm putting my money on her dying.  If only for the reason brought up earlier:  less of a presence of Grey Wind this season, so we need another major death or two to really crank up the misery of the RW.  And we're not getting enough bannermen.  We're already at the point in the season where introducing a token bannerman will just come off as introducing a red shirt in Star Trek.
Even still, I've been thinking about the idea that she's been planted by the Lannisters* to inform on Robb's plans and movements, ever since that scene a few episodes back where she was helping clean up those two young Lannister boys that Edmure captured.  On one hand, it's a little soap opera-y.  On the other hand, it's interesting to see what role she can play in the RW.  Especially if she's revealed to be Jeyne Westerling all along!
Also:  for how little happens with Jeyne in the books after the RW, I really don't think making Talisa a hostage holds a lot of ripe storytelling possibilities on the show.  Unless they want to add something completely wild and new to the plot.
* Think of how quickly Lord Tywin knew about the Karstarks leaving in episode 5.  There's either an unseen spy or a scout (which is reasonable, as its not like we often see LF and Varys' spies, but adds little drama to the TV medium), or someone is informing to Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by ExileOnDaytonStreet, 07 May 2013 - 07:46 PM.
5648	YTDN	2013-05-08	^The Karstarks leaving isn't really a sign of a spy in Robb's camp. It's an entire army upping and leaving, you can't really hide that.
5649	Sun	2013-05-08	I'm guessing the show kills Talisa at RW.
5650	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-08	As to Tywin already knowing about the Karstarks leaving, I'd venture to say that Roose has already switched sides.
Or it could be Talisa.  Who knows?
5651	The Monkey	2013-05-09	I really don't think Jeyne is pregnant in the book. We already got four potential Stark heirs (Jon Snow, Sansa, Bran & Rickon) in the game, we don't need a fifth.
Killing off Talisa would be the easy way, but I quite like the notion of her being made a hostage, and being ransomed to her family in Volantis, returning there and then possibly interacting with Tyrion and Jorah Mormont come season 6.
5652	Zorpack	2013-05-09	Speaking of Talisa, when Robb and her gets married, they say the vows of the Old Gods. I think that is weird since Robb worshipped the Old Gods in the north like his father and Talisa claims to be ignorant of Westorosi customs. Did I miss something that suggests that Robb follows the Faith of the Seven like his mother? Or that Talisa wants her marriage recognized by the Seven? If not, I find that VERRRRYYY interesting and weird and even maybe a mistake!
5653	HodorForKing	2013-05-09	Didn't Jayne Westerlings mother say that she gave her anti-fertilyt drugs to keep this from happening? this mght help you to understand the theorie she was talking about http://awoiaf.wester...erling/Theories
5654	Sun	2013-05-09	Speaking of Talisa, when Robb and her gets married, they say the vows of the Old Gods. I think that is weird since Robb worshipped the Old Gods in the north like his father and Talisa claims to be ignorant of Westorosi customs. Did I miss something that suggests that Robb follows the Faith of the Seven like his mother? Or that Talisa wants her marriage recognized by the Seven? If not, I find that VERRRRYYY interesting and weird and even maybe a mistake!Ned married Catelyn in Riverrun in the books , where there aren't any Weirwood trees. It is assumed he married her by the faith of the 7. I don't think it matters which faith performs the ceremony for the marriage to be considered consecrated. Also, Jon is the only one who we know holds to the old gods to the exclusion of all others in the books. For Catelyn's kids I've always assumed that they hold both.Re. Talisa. I think it's likely that the show will kill her.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 May 2013 - 04:51 PM.
5655	Greyjoy67	2013-05-09	I think it's 75% likely that she will be killed at the RW and 25% likely that she will be captured, ransomed back to her family, and get looped back into the story when other characters start heading for Volantis.  I'm kind of hoping for the less likely scenario, because then at least there will be SOME earthly point in her existence.As opposed to Jeyne who has no personality in the book whatsoever? Whilst I don't always like the way they do it in these things, I can see why they would recycle characters in the TV show.
5656	Khal Porno	2013-05-09	25% likely that she will be captured, ransomed back to her family, and get looped back into the story when other characters start heading for Volantis.This has been my suspicion for a while now.  I think it's possible she could be intended to be combined with a Volantene character we haven't met yet that will be in Winds of Winter.Of course, I could be wrong.  But I hope she doesn't die at the Red Wedding.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 09 May 2013 - 09:10 PM.
5657	Hear me Meow	2013-05-09	I just hope they get rid of Talisa in such a way that it doesn't compromise the show's depiction of the RW.
5658	luceski	2013-05-10	Found this earlier- maybe looking into it too much?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg
5659	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-10	I'm still not sure whether Talisa will survive the Red Wedding, or if she'll escape with the Blackfish...
5660	Sun	2013-05-10	Found this earlier- maybe looking into it too much?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgThe vid makes a good case. Personally, I wouldn't mind it. It would be in keeping with the spirit of the book.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 10 May 2013 - 01:10 PM.
5661	Lord Bored	2013-05-10	I think it's possible D and D will merge her with Jeyne Poole.
Roose figures he can use her now as access to Winterfell (ala Arya), so he takes her hostage during the RW, brings her back to the Dreadfort, Ramsay tortures her, she befriends Theon while they're planning for the marriage pact, etc.  This way too we can further explore her character and let Oona Chaplin further show off her acting chops (she's very promising as an actress but hasn't been utilized, like, at all).
5662	Trinket2	2013-05-11	I definitely don't believe in the traitor-theory.
I think that she'll either replace Jeyne Westerling and not attend the RW/escape, and we'll later find out that she's pregnant
or that she'll get captured and replace Jeyne Poole as Ramsay's bride, meaning Theon rescues her at Winterfell in the ADWD-season. 
I would prefer to see her killed, though. Don't like her. At all.
5663	SeventySeven	2013-05-11	I doubt she'll die, they learly changed Jeyne to Talisa for a reason. I don't mind either way, as long as it makes sense and isn't a total bore.
5664	pytri993	2013-05-11	The talysa-spy thing sounds too far-fetched to me. D&D did some major plot change here and there, but this one would be absurd indeed
5665	Lady Arwen	2013-05-11	I am sincerely hoping that Talisa is a spy (which would help to vindicate D&D's choice to completely fabricate her character for the series); however, like others have said, this seems pretty far-fetched. Still, I have this sneaking suspicion that she will survive, escape to Volantis, and give birth to Robb's heir.
5666	Heir to the North	2013-05-12	I'm hoping we get the cold, merciless massacre and slaughter and not some glorious fight scene/last stand.  I can't remember why but I think some scene from a trailer back before the season started gave me an impression this might happen.  But since then I think it was really from Karstark's execution scene.  I really can't understand the missing Grey Wind from this episode though, really?! WTF?!  I already didn't like the missing GreatJon, Dacey Mormont and other North bannerman.  Good to see that there is a Manderly still there at least. 
Maybe there will be a scene where Robb states he's taking x, y, z, a, b, and c Lords with him /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> so it isn't just a bunch of nameless bannerman he dies with. 
Sorry for the rant, just getting more and more dissapointed with this scene that D&D "wanted to be true to" or whatever the line they said in regards to the Red Wedding.
As far as Talisa is concerned:
1. I wouldn't mind her being a spy as long as she still died with them, seems something Tywin would do. lol  As long as she doesn't replace Roose killing Robb, I will be fine with her dying spy or not.
2. If she is captured, I could see her becoming Jeyne Poole and fake Arya but I think the other idea of ransoming her and further interaction with other characters in Volantis is more likely.
3. If she is preggers and gets out with the Blackfish, I think this is the best outcome for her character and would at least give Jeyne Westerling a reason to not be just the (biggest)reason for Robb's demise.
*Dons flamesuit*
5667	Nomad/	2013-05-13	I do not think D&D would make such a horrible twist. I mean it would be awfull. Talisa a spy ? But maybe she escapes with Blackfish.
and I do not that GRRM like that whole spy idea
					
					
							Edited by Nomad/, 13 May 2013 - 09:44 AM.
5668	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-13	She gives a hint about the RW in this interview:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=OEaTm8XOUUc
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 13 May 2013 - 05:03 PM.
5669	YTDN	2013-05-14	http://www.reddit.co...eory_is/c9y17zn
Another spoiler about her at the RW, which would seem to contradict the spoiler above.
	Spoiler Apparently she's the first person to be killed at the RW, so she couldn't go out and help the wounded. Maybe she's referring to her arrival at Harrenal in Episode 1, although she doesn't have her medical kit in that scene. But she wouldn't have her medical kit while attending a wedding either, and the images so far suggest she'd be inside the hall. There was also a leak from the set (I can't find it right now) when the RW was filming claiming she was sitting at the table with Robb, so I don't know what the make of her interview. Maybe a scene next episode? We'll have to see.
5670	sati	2013-05-14	http://www.reddit.co...eory_is/c9y17znAnother spoiler about her at the RW, which would seem to contradict the spoiler above.
	Spoiler Apparently she's the first person to be killed at the RW, so she couldn't go out and help the wounded. Maybe she's referring to her arrival at Harrenal in Episode 1, although she doesn't have her medical kit in that scene. But she wouldn't have her medical kit while attending a wedding either, and the images so far suggest she'd be inside the hall. There was also a leak from the set (I can't find it right now) when the RW was filming claiming she was sitting at the table with Robb, so I don't know what the make of her interview. Maybe a scene next episode? We'll have to see.
That makes sense. First her, then Robb and Cat last. I just hope that Jingle Bells is there, I really want to hear those bells - it was such a creepy addition to the whole thing.
5671	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-14	Yeah, the last spoiler makes sense and I would be satisfied it went that way, but who knows if it  is valid information.
5672	Maria Underfoot	2013-05-14	I hope that she doesn't make it out of the RW alive... It would somewhat beat the purpose of the RW, and its shock value. I think that D+D might be inclined save her in order to placate non-readers, give them some hope that the Starks are not doomed, but that would go against the essence of the book.I do not think D&D would make such a horrible twist. I mean it would be awfull. Talisa a spy ?Even worse: Talisa is a spy, but in the end, she falls in love with Robb, and sacrifices herself for him/dies with him.... awww how romantic would that be /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 14 May 2013 - 01:33 PM.
5673	White Rabbit	2013-05-15	Even worse: Talisa is a spy, but in the end, she falls in love with Robb, and sacrifices herself for him/dies with him.... awww how romantic would that be /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Please no /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I thought that Catelyn could kill Talisa instead of Jinglebells, but this leaked information seems to  contradict my theory.
5674	sati	2013-05-15	Please no /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I thought that Catelyn could kill Talisa instead of Jinglebells, but this leaked information seems to  contradict my theory.Any word if Jinglebells will be on the show?
5675	White Rabbit	2013-05-15	Any word if Jinglebells will be on the show?No one was casted as Jinglebell, if I'm not mistaken.
5676	Rashtibram	2013-05-15	Spoiler Talisa will be at the wedding.  There is a picture of her with Robb and Catelyn.  Manderly is right behind them. {Boom Doom Boom Doom}http://media.tumblr....huxA1rxdo88.png
i saw that picture too, but the website said it was fanmade! is it not, where did you get it?
5677	White Rabbit	2013-05-15	i saw that picture too, but the website said it was fanmade! is it not, where did you get it?It's in this trailer (at 0:09)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=6pR1kjJBE_s
5678	Caryn Stark	2013-05-15	She gives a hint about the RW in this interview:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=OEaTm8XOUUcOh no. Well. I guess she really isn't a spy. She's just badly written and has a lot of inconsistencies. Why is she running to get her nursing kit. I frankly don't care anymore whether she is a spy or not, as long as this is her last episode.
5679	YTDN	2013-05-15	Oh no. Well. I guess she really isn't a spy. She's just badly written and has a lot of inconsistencies. Why is she running to get her nursing kit. I frankly don't care anymore whether she is a spy or not, as long as this is her last episode.The more I think about it, the more I'm sure the scene she's referencing is NOT the RW, but the scene in Episode 1 where they take Harrenhal, and you can see her running about in the background checking the dead. It's barely raining in that scene, and the take they finally used may have been one where it was hardly raining at all. Talisa's not the focus of that scene, so it's possible that most of the stuff Oona talked about never made it onto the show.I have no idea how such a scene could work in the context of the RW, for reasons I explained in the previous page. It simply wouldn't make sense.
5680	ugashep	2013-05-17	she could replace fake-Arya or be the 'Frey' Catelyn kills. Guess we shall find out soon enough.No way she could be the fake Arya, that would be flat out stupid, she is way too old to be Arya, and way too many people would have seen her and recognize her.
5681	Dysun	2013-05-17	Not replace as in stand in Arya but tie the North to marriage with Ramsay. Now that she's pregnant I'm sure she's dead though
5682	ChozenOne	2013-05-17	I read in another thread that she could take the place of Dacey Mormont. Have her dance with Robb, ask a Frey to dance, who in turn responds with anger, Cat notices, walks over and grabs his arm, feels the chainmail, tells Talisa to run, and as she gets to the door a bunch of armored Freys and Boltons bust in and bury an axe in her pregnant belly. it just makes too much sense. I'd be shocked if this isn't the way they go with it.
					
					
							Edited by ChozenOne, 17 May 2013 - 02:49 PM.
5683	Bartram	2013-05-19	I read in another thread that she could take the place of Dacey Mormont. Have her dance with Robb, ask a Frey to dance, who in turn responds with anger, Cat notices, walks over and grabs his arm, feels the chainmail, tells Talisa to run, and as she gets to the door a bunch of armored Freys and Boltons bust in and bury an axe in her pregnant belly. it just makes too much sense. I'd be shocked if this isn't the way they go with it.Seem logic this way. She has to die.
5684	silentwanderer	2013-05-19	No way she could be the fake Arya...To be honest, I don't think there would be a fake Arya on the show( or Ramsay's wedding for that matter).
5685	Flame and Shadow	2013-05-19	To be honest, I don't think there would be a fake Arya on the show( or Ramsay's wedding for that matter).But Mance would have no reason to go to Winterfell if it wasn't for fake Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Flame and Shadow, 19 May 2013 - 01:57 PM.
5686	silentwanderer	2013-05-19	I don't think Mance is going there either.
I think they'll leave it between Stannis and Jon  as it was from the beginning and make it all about Winterfell.
If they get creative, they'll use the actual Arya and cut short her training as a faceless man (or use her first mission as a failure/capture).
5687	khazix	2013-05-19	Didn't Jayne Westerlings mother say that she gave her anti-fertilyt drugs to keep this from happening?Clearly u haven't heard the "Big Hip" theory
5688	shiola	2013-05-19	I just realized if Talisa takes the ax to the belly (like Dacey did in the books) that will be even more shocking and sickening than any other way she could have died.  Sure, she only just found out she was pregnant, but her belly is where her baby is.  They're stabbing her in the baby.   That's sick and totally fucked up.
5689	Lisbeth Sand	2013-05-19	I think that Talisa will be killed at the RW also, unless they do a plot twist with her.The last episode reveals her to be pregnant, so unless she has a tragic miscarriage having an heir to Robb running around would deviate pretty hard from the books.Or she's lying to him, which I wouldn't discount.
5690	JackinAcar	2013-05-20	I think that Talisa will be killed at the RW also, unless they do a plot twist with her.She's in the pictures from the RW that have been on the internet for a while, alongside Robb and Catelyn.Since D&D know how the books end, I think that the HBO RW fate of Talisa is very important. If Talisa dies, it can be seen to joss the theory that Jayne was switched with her sister. However, if Talisa survives, it supports that theory and advances the theory that Robb and Jayne did conceive an heir. So I am excited to see if this will be treated or left unelaborated.
5691	johnintensive	2013-05-20	Talisa probably won't die at the Red Wedding.  Why?  The Blackfish needs to be alive for Jaime to meet later, if the events of the fifth book are followed that closely.  In addition, Talisa gives Tyrion and Jorah a familiar face to speak to in Volantis.
There is no reason for Blackfish to leave his king as he goes to attend his uncle's wedding, unless Talisa suddenly falls ill or Robb decides that her honor is best preserved if he were to attend alone.  If Talisa can't be there, it makes sense for Robb to send her home with someone he trusts for his loyalty and his competence - in this case, Blackfish.
Personally, I think that the most horrible thing would be to capture Talisa, force-feed her an abortifacient and kill her unborn child while holding her for ransom.  But that's just me.
5692	YTDN	2013-05-20	^The current theory is that Blackfish will be sent back with Robb's will once they find out about Sansa's wedding, since Talisa is confirmed to be at the wedding.
5693	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-20	Do you guys think they'll have the scene where Robb tells Cat he's naming Jon his heir in his will?  IMO if they don't show that scene it would be total bullshit, as not only is it a pretty big scene in the book in terms of the possibility of Jon's future, but it also shows a very realistic and reasonable explanation for why Cat had a problem with Jon being at Winterfell, which was that she feared he threatened her children's inheritance which she backs up in that scene with historical precedence and facts from the Blackfyre rebellion.  So If they don't have that scene that would by far be the biggest disappointment of the season for me.....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 20 May 2013 - 12:44 PM.
5694	YTDN	2013-05-20	Do you guys think they'll have the scene where Robb tells Cat he's naming Jon his heir in his will?  IMO if they don't show that scene it would be total bullshit, as not only is it a pretty big scene in the book in terms of the possibility of Jon's future, but it also shows a very realistic and reasonable reason why Cat had a problem with Jon being at Winterfell, which was that she feared he threatened her children's inheritance which she backs up in that scene with historical precedence and facts from the Blackfyre rebellion.  So If they don't have that scene that would by far be the biggest disappointment of the season for me.....I'm thinking that Cat's scene in Ep2 foreshadows that. It would be a shame if they didn't have it.
5695	King Tommen	2013-05-20	Do you guys think they'll have the scene where Robb tells Cat he's naming Jon his heir in his will?  IMO if they don't show that scene it would be total bullshit, as not only is it a pretty big scene in the book in terms of the possibility of Jon's future, but it also shows a very realistic and reasonable explanation for why Cat had a problem with Jon being at Winterfell, which was that she feared he threatened her children's inheritance which she backs up in that scene with historical precedence and facts from the Blackfyre rebellion.  So If they don't have that scene that would by far be the biggest disappointment of the season for me.....Be prepared to be disappointed I'm guessing then.It's my opinion that some people put way too much emphasis on this plot point.  All the crap that happens to Jon in ADwD (with him getting stabbed to death and possibly warging into Ghost) suggests to me that Jon's path is probably not setting him up as Lord of Winterfell.  I tend to think the "Will" moment wasn't nearly as important as it seemed at the time and was either a red herring by Martin or something he changed his mind on after a decade or so (like how he lost interest in the "who sent the assassin to kill Bran" mystery).  Even if Jon being legitimized is a plot point later, that's something that can easily be written around.  Hell, even in the books you have Stannis having the authority to offer up the Lord of Winterfell to Jon so clearly a decree by Robb is in no way essential to this taking place.To address the other point, I think we've established well enough why Cat wouldn't want Jon at Winterfell, you don't need much of that other background which is fairly superfluous and unnecessary info.Fans get upset over the weirdest things with this series.  To me, all a scene with Robb changing his will to include Jon would accomplish is put a massive neon flashing sign above his head saying "About to die very soon".
5696	Olympia	2013-05-20	Also in the series Talisa's last name Maegyr is the same as one of the rulers of Volantis. Could this just a coincidence.I looked up the triarchy of Volantis and yes she does share the same name with Malaquo the Tiger. If she is indeed a daughter of one of the rulers of Volantis, is it going to affect the plot? Volantis has economic ties with Westeros, I would assume, and Tywin Lannister has always been pretty fond of writing and sending letters to win wars. He could well be in touch with Malaquo Maegyr (wow the more I write this the more it sounds so far-fetched, I think I'll stop here).Honestly I don't want more changes to her storyline. If she's going to survive, then alright, but at least I hope they bring back the original Jeyne storyline back in the fold. The series is really so confusing right now to the point that even if I've read books 1-5, I feel so lost.
5697	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-20	Be prepared to be disappointed I'm guessing then.It's my opinion that some people put way too much emphasis on this plot point.  All the crap that happens to Jon in ADwD (with him getting stabbed to death and possibly warging into Ghost) suggests to me that Jon's path is probably not setting him up as Lord of Winterfell.  I tend to think the "Will" moment wasn't nearly as important as it seemed at the time and was either a red herring by Martin or something he changed his mind on after a decade or so (like how he lost interest in the "who sent the assassin to kill Bran" mystery).  Even if Jon being legitimized is a plot point later, that's something that can easily be written around.  Hell, even in the books you have Stannis having the authority to offer up the Lord of Winterfell to Jon so clearly a decree by Robb is in no way essential to this taking place.To address the other point, I think we've established well enough why Cat wouldn't want Jon at Winterfell, you don't need much of that other background which is fairly superfluous and unnecessary info.Fans get upset over the weirdest things with this series.  To me, all a scene with Robb changing his will to include Jon would accomplish is put a massive neon flashing sign above his head saying "About to die very soon".First of all the will wouldn't make him "Lord of Winterfell" it would make him King of the North, ya I'd say there's a big difference there.  Second of all again there's a huge difference between Stannis and Robb, when Stannis offered to legitimize Jon it was to simply be Lord of Winterfell, which Jon rejected because among many other reasons Stannis was not a Stark so Jon didn't feel worthy of the offer and Stannis wanted Jon to forsake his northern gods.  Robb's situation would be entirely different do to the fact that Robb is his own flesh and blood and would be naming him King not lord...If you honestly think that Robb's will won't come into play at all in the books then maybe you should do some re reads.  Also I caution you think long and hard before you label what fans get upset over as 'weird' as they're are numerous threads on this forum about the subject of Robb's will and it's future relating to Jon that have numerous members that have been on here a lot longer than you or I that would love to tell you otherwise.....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 20 May 2013 - 02:13 PM.
5698	King Tommen	2013-05-20	First of all the will wouldn't make him "Lord of Winterfell" it would make him King of the North, ya I'd say there's a big difference there.  Second of all again there's a huge difference between Stannis and Robb, when Stannis offered to legitimize Jon it was to simply be Lord of Winterfell, which Jon rejected because among many other reasons Stannis was not a Stark so Jon didn't feel worthy of the offer and Stannis wanted Jon to forsake his northern gods.  Robb's situation would be entirely different do to the fact that Robb is his own flesh and blood and would be naming him King not lord...If you honestly think that Robb's will won't come into play at all in the books then maybe you should do some re reads.  Also I caution you think long and hard before you label what fans get upset over as 'weird' as they're are numerous threads on this forum about the subject of Robb's will and it's future relating to Jon that have numerous members that have been on here a lot longer than you or I that would love to tell you otherwise.....You're talking about a fan theory that has no evidence of coming to fruition through the last 2 books and you've also got the guy dead and warging into a direwolf so there's a decent chance that the ship has sailed on this.And if it ends up being a major plot point that has consequences on the endgame of the entire saga, then the producers would be well aware of this.  So there would be a plan in place to either do it by this way or as I mentioned, it can be written around.The fan theory of stuff that may not even happen is the absolute worst part of following the television series.  Every omission or change on the show is somehow some personal affront to a long held religious belief that a handful of fans have.  It's ridiculous.  If it's important, it will be shown.  If it's not, then you've probably got an answer that you maybe didn't want to hear but you can take that up with GRRM if it gets you that upset.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 20 May 2013 - 02:20 PM.
5699	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-20	You're talking about a fan theory that has no evidence of coming to fruition through the last 2 books and you've also got the guy dead and warging into a direwolf so there's a decent chance that the ship has sailed on this.And if it ends up being a major plot point that has consequences on the endgame of the entire saga, then the producers would be well aware of this.  So there would be a plan in place to either do it by this way or as I mentioned, it can be written around.The fan theory of stuff that may not even happen is the absolute worst part of following the television series.  Every omission or change on the show is somehow some personal affront to a long held religious belief that a handful of fans have.  It's ridiculous.  If it's important, it will be shown.  If it's not, then you've probably got an answer that you maybe didn't want to hear but you can take that up with GRRM if it gets you that upset.Fans are entitled to be upset with whatever they damn well please did I say I was gonna boycott the show if they didn't include that scene?  No so please spare me the I'm overreacting bullshit, there have been numerous important scenes from the books that they have not included in the tv series and yet the show is still awesome that's not what I'm arguing against.  All I was doing is expressing that I would be disappointed if they did not include that scene as other ppl including GRRM himself have have also been disappointed that certain past scenes from the books were not included into the series.  I never said the show would suffer or somehow be worst for it,  I'll watch and love the show regardless. All I said is that I'd be disappointed if they did not include that scene.  If you don't like fans getting upset over certain scenes from the books not being on the show then don't respond to my fuckin posts!
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 20 May 2013 - 02:36 PM.
5700	King Tommen	2013-05-20	So If they don't have that scene that would by far be the biggest disappointment of the season for me.....If they don't have a scene where Rob makes a will, then it will be the absolute biggest disappointment of the entire season for you.  I don't know how I thought you were overreacting.  This seems like a perfectly rational statement which encompasses plenty of perspective, my bad.I'm fine with people saying they'd like to see certain events take place from the book on the show.  It gets absolutely silly and worthy of derision when somebody bases their entire enjoyment of an episode, season or even show on whether you see this one thing or not.
5701	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-20	If they don't have a scene where Rob makes a will, then it will be the absolute biggest disappointment of the entire season for you.  I don't know how I thought you were overreacting.  This seems like a perfectly rational statement which encompasses plenty of perspective, my bad.I'm fine with people saying they'd like to see certain events take place from the book on the show.  It gets absolutely silly and worthy of derision when somebody bases their entire enjoyment of an episode, season or even show on whether you see this one thing or not.Smh not everyone is going to like every single thing that happens or doesn't happen in a episode.  Jesus Christ no matter how popular a TV show is, there's always going to be highs and lows of an episode or season.  Go on any website that analyzes a TV show's specific episode or overall season they will always show you what they like the most about it, and what they were disappointed the most about.  Again not everything is going to be perfect, I said if they don't have that scene that would be the the biggest disappointment for me of the season, great did I say that that disappointment would take away from what I loved most about the season?  No, did I say that the fact that I would be disappointed with not seeing that scene would cause me to hate the show or think this season was a failure in the slightest bit?  Hell no, as a die hard fan of the show and the books there are things I absolutely love about each season and there are things that I'm disappointed by, with the things I love vastly outnumbering the things I was disappointed by, and the show not having the will scene would just simply be the thing that I would be most disappointed by this season, regardless of that disappointment I will still immensely enjoy the episode it's the freakin RW!And I never said I wouldn't enjoy the show, season, or episode because of not showing the will scene get that through your head!  Every show will have things you loved, and thing you were disappointed by, but that in no way discourages my overall opinion on how good of a job HBO is doing with the show.  Now seriously back the fuck off!
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 21 May 2013 - 11:30 AM.
5702	Dragonmaster	2013-05-20	Wasn't her name changed on GRRM's request because she did not resemble Jeyne at all anymore with how much D&D changed her? This leads me to believe that whatever happens with 'Talysa' is fully on D&D's account and does not necessarily says anything about Jeyne's story.
5703	King Tommen	2013-05-20	Wasn't her name changed on GRRM's request because she did not resemble Jeyne at all anymore with how much D&D changed her? This leads me to believe that whatever happens with 'Talysa' is fully on D&D's account and does not necessarily says anything about Jeyne's story.No, her name was going to be Jeyne but she was not going to be a Westerling.  D&D didn't want to do the Romeo and Juliet, two people fall in love in the middle of a war who are from opposite sides thing.  So for a while, she was simply "Jeyne" and they were going to fill her backstory to have her from another family.  At some point, they decided that she would be from Volantis because they wanted to incorporate some references from that locale for when they went there later on in the series.  When they told George this, he suggested that they'd have to change her name from Jeyne since that wasn't a Volantine name. So then either George or D&D settled on Talisa as an appropriate name.And just because she's not Jeyne Westerling, it doesn't mean that she's clearly not filling the "Jeyne Westerling" role in the story.  Kind of like how "Locke" is not Vargo Hoat and has a different background but he's going to serve the exact same purpose as Hoat did in the books.
5704	tws1978	2013-05-21	No a last will talk please. As someone above said thats like putting a big arrow above Robbs head saying "about to die". The show did a good job distracting the viewers enough to believe he may actually have a future now and it seems they will play the pre-wedding scenes as much smart. Nothing could it derailed more than Robb suddenly starting to doubt his future. Why? Talisa just told him she is pregnant so there will be a heir soon. And it seems this new plan of taking Casterly Rock put some morale back into his lines, even Cat looks supportive. The wedding is supposed to be a new beginning of his campaign, so why to think about the worst?
If the will is important it can be present later. Heck, Robb could easily done the necessaraly preparation offscreen while at Riverrun and we only discover it later, lets say when Jamie arrives there eventually to deal with Starfish. There is really zero reason to put it in there now and I think D&D knew very well why they cut it out. Its just too forshadowing, even in the book.
5705	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-21	No a last will talk please. As someone above said thats like putting a big arrow above Robbs head saying "about to die". The show did a good job distracting the viewers enough to believe he may actually have a future now and it seems they will play the pre-wedding scenes as much smart. Nothing could it derailed more than Robb suddenly starting to doubt his future. Why? Talisa just told him she is pregnant so there will be a heir soon. And it seems this new plan of taking Casterly Rock put some morale back into his lines, even Cat looks supportive. The wedding is supposed to be a new beginning of his campaign, so why to think about the worst?If the will is important it can be present later. Heck, Robb could easily done the necessaraly preparation offscreen while at Riverrun and we only discover it later, lets say when Jamie arrives there eventually to deal with Starfish. There is really zero reason to put it in there now and I think D&D knew very well why they cut it out. Its just too forshadowing, even in the book.What, how would showing the will scene be any more forshadowing than in the books? In the books the RW didn't come as a shock to me at all, I think GRRM made it pretty clear Robb's days were numbered in the books the same way D&D have done on the show.  I have several friends who haven't read a single book but watch the show, and they always talk to me about how they think Robb is gonna die this season, so I don't think D&D have distracted nearly as many ppl as you seem to think, most ppl that I know that watch the show but aren't readers already think Robb's going to die regardless of the will scene or not.  The will scene isn't so much about Robb, as it is about the viewers seeing a very reasonable and realistic explanation for why Cat had a problem with Jon being raised at Winterfell, and to show Robb and Cat's initial reaction to the news about Sansa's marriage to Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 21 May 2013 - 11:47 AM.
5706	Im With Stannis	2013-05-21	I'm one who also thinks the will doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. There are so many plotlines in ASOIAF they will never all be completed before the books are completed, and I'm ok with that. 
What I do think it does it it makes Jon's character even more complex. I hope in the books at some point Jon Snow is handed his brothers will and he crumbles it up and moves on.
5707	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-21	I'm one who also thinks the will doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. There are so many plotlines in ASOIAF they will never all be completed before the books are completed, and I'm ok with that.What I do think it does it it makes Jon's character even more complex. I hope in the books at some point Jon Snow is handed his brothers will and he crumbles it up and moves on.Well I think the will itself is without a doubt going to show up/be revealed at some point in the show D&D have already said in past interviews that they will acknowledge it at some point, but I guess that specific scene with Robb and Cat probably won't.  I mean regardless of if the scene appears or not, it's still been a very good storyline so far, I just personally would like to see the scene because it gives us another opportunity to see Cat voice her opinion as she's been far to quite in this specific season.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 21 May 2013 - 01:21 PM.
5708	'96Buck	2013-05-21	Be prepared to be disappointed I'm guessing then.It's my opinion that some people put way too much emphasis on this plot point.  All the crap that happens to Jon in ADwD (with him getting stabbed to death and possibly warging into Ghost) suggests to me that Jon's path is probably not setting him up as Lord of Winterfell.  I tend to think the "Will" moment wasn't nearly as important as it seemed at the time and was either a red herring by Martin or something he changed his mind on after a decade or so (like how he lost interest in the "who sent the assassin to kill Bran" mystery).  Even if Jon being legitimized is a plot point later, that's something that can easily be written around.  Hell, even in the books you have Stannis having the authority to offer up the Lord of Winterfell to Jon so clearly a decree by Robb is in no way essential to this taking place.To address the other point, I think we've established well enough why Cat wouldn't want Jon at Winterfell, you don't need much of that other background which is fairly superfluous and unnecessary info.Fans get upset over the weirdest things with this series.  To me, all a scene with Robb changing his will to include Jon would accomplish is put a massive neon flashing sign above his head saying "About to die very soon".Agree.  It's not like the Lannisters or Boltons would be at all inclined to give effect to the will of an attainted traitor to the detriment of their respective schemings.  A prevailing King Stannis obviously does not believe he needs Robb's permission to seat Jon there.  Prevailing Targaryen King/Queen/both would certainly not be bound by it; they view Ned as a traitor anyway and they will install whoever best serves their ability to stablize the realm.  It appears to me that the entire effect of the Will is to drive the one conversation in which it occurs, then whatever happened with it, it's moot.
5709	'96Buck	2013-05-21	First of all the will wouldn't make him "Lord of Winterfell" it would make him King of the North, ya I'd say there's a big difference there.  Second of all again there's a huge difference between Stannis and Robb, when Stannis offered to legitimize Jon it was to simply be Lord of Winterfell, which Jon rejected because among many other reasons Stannis was not a Stark so Jon didn't feel worthy of the offer and Stannis wanted Jon to forsake his northern gods.  Robb's situation would be entirely different do to the fact that Robb is his own flesh and blood and would be naming him King not lord...If you honestly think that Robb's will won't come into play at all in the books then maybe you should do some re reads.  Also I caution you think long and hard before you label what fans get upset over as 'weird' as they're are numerous threads on this forum about the subject of Robb's will and it's future relating to Jon that have numerous members that have been on here a lot longer than you or I that would love to tell you otherwise.....It would make him both.  He'd inherit all of Robb's titles, as Robb's heir.
5710	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-21	Agree.  It's not like the Lannisters or Boltons would be at all inclined to give effect to the will of an attainted traitor to the detriment of their respective schemings.  A prevailing King Stannis obviously does not believe he needs Robb's permission to seat Jon there.  Prevailing Targaryen King/Queen/both would certainly not be bound by it; they view Ned as a traitor anyway and they will install whoever best serves their ability to stablize the realm.  It appears to me that the entire effect of the Will is to drive the one conversation in which it occurs, then whatever happened with it, it's moot.No one from the south will be deciding who rules in the North especially now that winter has come.  Bolton's days are numbered seeing as though the North is currently planning on betraying him.  I don't think it's a coincidence that the last place the will was seen was heading towards Greywater watch the home of Howland Reed who also happens to be the only confirmed man alive who knows the truth about what really happened at the TOJ, sooner or later the will is going to reach Jon Snow, his decision will be does he follow the will or does he follow R+L=J or somehow both?With the war with the Others coming and the Others will without a doubt hit the North the hardest out of any kingdom in Westeros, the North will want a Stark leading them and the fact of the matter is Jon is the best man for the job, which is why the North will use Robb's will as an iron clad justification for naming Jon their leader.  I could go into much greater detail about this, but I don't believe this is the thread for that discussion there are numerous threads on here that would explain in fuller detail why there's no way in hell the will is just going to simply be forgotten as if it was just some shallow minor plot device to be used for a single chapter. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 21 May 2013 - 04:29 PM.
5711	Runaway Penguin	2013-05-21	One idea how to wrap her neatly up and keep the mystery...
Have her do the Westerling stunt, release Grey Wind, be shot into shoulder, vanish in the river...
(unless that's what the black fish is gonna do)
5712	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-21	I've read some of the posts on this thread and my honest opinion is that I don't think Talysa will die at the RW. They made it clear she is pregnant and I'm almost positive they won't kill someone pregnant on TV. That is one of the most sensitive and most disgusting things for tv or film. Also, I think the theory that some have that she will replace Jeyne Poole is ludicrous... First of all, why would Roose/Ramsay want to keep her? For Robb Starks heir? If she's pregnant they would want to kill her and the baby. She wouldn't be an advantage for them b/c she's carrying Robb's baby not Ramsay's... it would still be a Stark.. And also if they keep her, Jon would not ever send anyone after Robb's wife to rescue her from Winterfell lol. The reason he's so determined to do what he does is b/c he knows its his sister in danger not some random woman he's never met, EVEN if she's Robb's widow. I hope Talysa and Blackfish leave before the massacre they have no place at the RW.
5713	DarkHaunter62	2013-05-21	I read in another thread that she could take the place of Dacey Mormont. Have her dance with Robb, ask a Frey to dance, who in turn responds with anger, Cat notices, walks over and grabs his arm, feels the chainmail, tells Talisa to run, and as she gets to the door a bunch of armored Freys and Boltons bust in and bury an axe in her pregnant belly. it just makes too much sense. I'd be shocked if this isn't the way they go with it. That's a plausible theory!
5714	skorpion	2013-05-22	I think it's possible D and D will merge her with Jeyne Poole.Roose figures he can use her now as access to Winterfell (ala Arya), so he takes her hostage during the RW, brings her back to the Dreadfort, Ramsay tortures her, she befriends Theon while they're planning for the marriage pact, etc.  This way too we can further explore her character and let Oona Chaplin further show off her acting chops (she's very promising as an actress but hasn't been utilized, like, at all).This makes the most sense to me since Jeyne Poole hasn't been even been introduced yet and we'll need to meet her soon. My only problem with that would be that since he's Robb's wife, many people would know what she looks like.
					
					
							Edited by skorpion, 22 May 2013 - 03:39 AM.
5715	sati	2013-05-22	I've read some of the posts on this thread and my honest opinion is that I don't think Talysa will die at the RW. They made it clear she is pregnant and I'm almost positive they won't kill someone pregnant on TV. That is one of the most sensitive and most disgusting things for tv or film.Also, I think the theory that some have that she will replace Jeyne Poole is ludicrous... First of all, why would Roose/Ramsay want to keep her? For Robb Starks heir? If she's pregnant they would want to kill her and the baby. She wouldn't be an advantage for them b/c she's carrying Robb's baby not Ramsay's... it would still be a Stark.. And also if they keep her, Jon would not ever send anyone after Robb's wife to rescue her from Winterfell lol. The reason he's so determined to do what he does is b/c he knows its his sister in danger not some random woman he's never met, EVEN if she's Robb's widow.I hope Talysa and Blackfish leave before the massacre they have no place at the RW.They will show Robb with Grey Wind's head, I'm fairly certain killing a pregnant woman is not as terrible as this. This is the show where an infant girl was killed. Talisa is going to die.She is at RW, you can see that in "All of Us" promo.
5716	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-05-22	This makes the most sense to me since Jeyne Poole hasn't been even been introduced yet and we'll need to meet her soon. My only problem with that would be that since he's Robb's wife, many people would know what she looks like.Jeyne Poole has been introduced, in Season 1. Long time ago, I know, but she has been introduced. ^^I don't know what to think of Talisa and the Red Wedding. I like the spy-theory, but I also like the ''hips-don't-lie-theory''. And the fact that she is at the Red Wedding while she clearly isn't in the books shows to me that she could be killed there. I also like the Dacey Mormont-replacement. I like the Mormonts.
5717	'96Buck	2013-05-22	No one from the south will be deciding who rules in the North especially now that winter has come.  Bolton's days are numbered seeing as though the North is currently planning on betraying him.  I don't think it's a coincidence that the last place the will was seen was heading towards Greywater watch the home of Howland Reed who also happens to be the only confirmed man alive who knows the truth about what really happened at the TOJ, sooner or later the will is going to reach Jon Snow, his decision will be does he follow the will or does he follow R+L=J or somehow both?With the war with the Others coming and the Others will without a doubt hit the North the hardest out of any kingdom in Westeros, the North will want a Stark leading them and the fact of the matter is Jon is the best man for the job, which is why the North will use Robb's will as an iron clad justification for naming Jon their leader.  I could go into much greater detail about this, but I don't believe this is the thread for that discussion there are numerous threads on here that would explain in fuller detail why there's no way in hell the will is just going to simply be forgotten as if it was just some shallow minor plot device to be used for a single chapter. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />A piece of paper only has effect when there are arms behind it.  As Ned learned.  Being appointed as a leader only has effect when the led are willing, as the Mad King, the Old Bear, and Robb learned. If we entertain the notion that rule of the North will be left to the northmen to sort out, it won't be maesters examining documents, it will be axes and swords.  Words, even on paper, will be wind.  Those prone to be loyal to house Stark regardless, like Manderly or the Flints, are unlikely to require a piece of paper to follow Jon if that is otherwise in play.  Those disloyal to Stark, like Bolton, will similarly not care what it says, especially while pushing fake Arya.  Karstarks would rather the inheritance work it's way back up the chain and then down to them.  Do the Umbers or Mormonts strike you as big readers?For Robb's legitimzation of Jon Snow to have effect, he has to have been a king.  The North will have to rise AGAIN against the Iron Throne for that to be the case...and they could establish whoever they want as King in the North just by saying so, the way they did for Robb.  Including Jon, independent of the will.That they will all set aside the inherent distrust of bastards, not to mention a Night's Watch oathbreaker, to follow Jon to rebel against the Iron Throne again, during Winter, because Robb may have written it down seems thin to me.
5718	So1ar	2013-05-22	I hope Talysa and Blackfish leave before the massacre they have no place at the RW.Talisa is at the wedding. We know that much from the leaked image. She's going to die. There's no way she gets out.
5719	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-05-22	Talisa is at the wedding. We know that much from the leaked image. She's going to die. There's no way she gets out.I'd be okay with that! I just hope she goes away she's annoying.
5720	So1ar	2013-05-22	I'd be okay with that! I just hope she goes away she's annoying.Yeah man I agree. I'm ready for her to go. She's such a boring character.
5721	superdeluxe	2013-05-22	Talisa is at the wedding. We know that much from the leaked image. She's going to die. There's no way she gets out.What if she gets sick at the wedding and BF takes her away before all the festivities?
5722	Stark King in the North	2013-05-22	What if she gets sick at the wedding and BF takes her away before all the festivities?My first thoughts was she would take sick and the blackfish would escort her back to riverun when i seen the show is going differently to the books /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />, Its also possible she is going to turn out to be jeyne westerling as a spy, But in the end she then tries to save robb
5723	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-22	Yeah, because when you get sick, the first thing you do is ride across the Riverlands to Riverrun.  You'd never just go back to your chambers..
Talisa is dead.
5724	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-22	Yeah, because when you get sick, the first thing you do is ride across the Riverlands to Riverrun.  You'd never just go back to your chambers..Talisa is deadHaha either that or she's a spy I mean she keeps talking about Robb visiting Volantis, maybe she's been put under the impression that they will just capture Robb and exile him from Westeros.
5725	Kraken's Kiss	2013-05-22	I am really clueless as what they're going to do with her. The whole spy thing seems plausible  but not even necessary. But considering how poorly the show has done with building up this wedding, maybe it's needed to add some extra "wow" drama to the mix.
Can't wait to see how it all turns out! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
5726	Head of The Ned	2013-05-22	Yeah, because when you get sick, the first thing you do is ride across the Riverlands to Riverrun.  You'd never just go back to your chambers..Talisa is dead.Haha well done serThey will show Robb with Grey Wind's head, I'm fairly certain killing a pregnant woman is not as terrible as this. This is the show where an infant girl was killed. Talisa is going to die.She is at RW, you can see that in "All of Us" promo. Lol that is so true. Even though I don't believe the Freys actually did that mutilation (I think they were just boasting and wanted to be feared) it will probably be in the show because it's just so gruesome. If they include the head swap they better include Nymeria dragging Cat out of the water and Beric giving her the kiss of fire in episode 10 as this season's closer.
5727	Montey14	2013-05-22	I'm assuming robb will send Blackfish west to prepare for his assault on Casterly Rock.....talisa will go to the RW and probably suffer the fate of Dacey Mormont......the killing of a pregnanat woman makes the whole afair even that much more repugnant and vile....
5728	Lord Ben	2013-05-22	I'm guessing the show kills Talisa at RW.If she lives and was involved in a betrayal ala the Westerlings it'll be to end the war, her pacifist bent isn't a secret.
5729	darrylzero	2013-05-23	If she lives and was involved in a betrayal ala the Westerlings it'll be to end the war, her pacifist bent isn't a secret.This is the first rationale for Talisa's possible treachery that I've heard that has a sheen of believability about it.  But why would she be faking being pregnant?  Because if she's really pregnant, no way that kid could be allowed to be born. And she'd know that.  Right?
					
					
							Edited by darrylzero, 23 May 2013 - 01:11 AM.
5730	jotabe1789	2013-05-23	It would make him both.  He'd inherit all of Robb's titles, as Robb's heir.This is why i think she might survive the wedding.I'm in the Talisa-is-a-spy field. I think her goal was simply to follow the camp and send Tywin the stuff she saw. That Robb fell with her was an unexpected development. I also believe she has genuine feelings for him, which give her conflict, a conflict she glosses over by being belligerent about her pacifism and by always acting on her pantsfeelings.Obviously she doesn't know about the RW, there is no point why she should be told. But as soon as Tywin learns about her pregnancy, he knew he has to spare her.In the books, a heir from Jeyne Westerling would be a threat because he anticipates Robb would keep her protected, so she could become a rallying point. Also, in the books Tywin believes Bran and Rickon to be dead, which would make Sansa (the Stark in his power) the one with the best claim to Winterfel. An heir from Jeyne would difficult matters.In the show, on the other hand, and if the spy theory is correct, Talisa works for Tywin explicitly, so she will go to Tywin and wouldn't become a rallying point for the North. Plus nobody really knows what happened to Brandon and Rickon (the only people who believed them dead are dead now), so Sansa isn't sure to be the one with the best claim. Having a direct heir of Robb under his power would give Tywin control over the heir with the best claim. So i think that Tywin would want to take advantage of the stroke of good luck that would mean Robb falling in love with his spy.
					
					
							Edited by jotabe1789, 23 May 2013 - 01:41 AM.
5731	zaphodbrx	2013-05-23	Count me in also in the Talisa is a spy theory. I don't believe she is pregnant either, just lying.
5732	'96Buck	2013-05-23	This is why i think she might survive the wedding.I'm in the Talisa-is-a-spy field. I think her goal was simply to follow the camp and send Tywin the stuff she saw. That Robb fell with her was an unexpected development. I also believe she has genuine feelings for him, which give her conflict, a conflict she glosses over by being belligerent about her pacifism and by always acting on her pantsfeelings.Obviously she doesn't know about the RW, there is no point why she should be told. But as soon as Tywin learns about her pregnancy, he knew he has to spare her.In the books, a heir from Jeyne Westerling would be a threat because he anticipates Robb would keep her protected, so she could become a rallying point. Also, in the books Tywin believes Bran and Rickon to be dead, which would make Sansa (the Stark in his power) the one with the best claim to Winterfel. An heir from Jeyne would difficult matters.In the show, on the other hand, and if the spy theory is correct, Talisa works for Tywin explicitly, so she will go to Tywin and wouldn't become a rallying point for the North. Plus nobody really knows what happened to Brandon and Rickon (the only people who believed them dead are dead now), so Sansa isn't sure to be the one with the best claim. Having a direct heir of Robb under his power would give Tywin control over the heir with the best claim. So i think that Tywin would want to take advantage of the stroke of good luck that would mean Robb falling in love with his spy.The Westerlings were operating under Tywin's orders in the book, and his bannermen  Yet Jeyne was being given moon tea.  Any advantage that would accrue to Tywin from a Volantine nurse-Stark child would accue in SPADES from a Westerling-Stark child, yet that was being prevented.  There's no reason for Robb to protect Jeyne differently than he's doing with Talisa from his perspective.  (obviously he's making a different choice here, but the reasons WHY don't appear to have anything to do with who the wives are)Whether it's Talisa, specifically, being the spy or Jeyne's mom makes little difference.  And Tywin's better off with Sansa as heir to Winterfell, married to Tyrion, than he would be with Robb Jr. in either case.
5733	King Tommen	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is a spy.
I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.
She's either going to die, or she's going to somehow escape back to Riverrun with the Blackfish to reset to the book narrative, or she'll be taken prisoner there and used against her will by the Lannisters and Boltons to solidify Ramsay's claim to the North since the show does not have a Jeyne Poole character to use (so no fake Arya is needed, only the Lady of Winterfell who is carrying the heir).
Those are the three options.  Talisa ripping off her dress to reveal a "Team Lannister" t-shirt underneath is not going to happen. It's stupid, dumb and I have less respect for the fans who have the naivety to swallow this tripe.
5734	lostinwesteros	2013-05-23	I'm still not sure whether Talisa will survive the Red Wedding, or if she'll escape with the Blackfish...It just dawned on me that Blackfish does survive - Jaime encounters him later (or almost does) during AFFC - had forgotten all about that, as well as the thought that he jumped into the river with Jeyne and they escaped.  However, as I cannot stand Talisa, the idea of her being a spy is almost as attractive to me (character assassination) as that she is killed, ax to the belly as someone in another thread speculated.  Either way, I'm ready to be rid of her.
5735	Conchobar	2013-05-23	It just dawned on me that Blackfish does survive - Jaime encounters him later (or almost does) during AFFC - had forgotten all about that, as well as the thought that he jumped into the river with Jeyne and they escaped.  However, as I cannot stand Talisa, the idea of her being a spy is almost as attractive to me (character assassination) as that she is killed, ax to the belly as someone in another thread speculated.  Either way, I'm ready to be rid of her.The Blackfish never went to the Red Wedding in the books.
5736	superdeluxe	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is a spy.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.She's either going to die, or she's going to somehow escape back to Riverrun with the Blackfish to reset to the book narrative, or she'll be taken prisoner there and used against her will by the Lannisters and Boltons to solidify Ramsay's claim to the North since the show does not have a Jeyne Poole character to use (so no fake Arya is needed, only the Lady of Winterfell who is carrying the heir).Those are the three options.  Talisa ripping off her dress to reveal a "Team Lannister" t-shirt underneath is not going to happen. It's stupid, dumb and I have less respect for the fans who have the naivety to swallow this tripe.Not that I disagree, but what are your reasons why the Lannister Spy angle should be discounted?For those that say Talisa is lying about being pregnant, why would she do that?  Unless she is mind screwing Robb, I see no point.
					
					
							Edited by superdeluxe, 23 May 2013 - 11:55 AM.
5737	King Tommen	2013-05-23	Not that I disagree, but what are your reasons why the Lannister Spy angle should be discounted?For those that say Talisa is lying about being pregnant, why would she do that?  Unless she is mind screwing Robb, I see no point.The reasons are countless and hard to list in full here.  But suffice to say, this "theory" is essentially borne from next to no evidence the show has given us and based almost exclusively on book-reader's perception that Robb's wife in the books was on the Lannister side so this character must be as well.  They have taken that conclusion and worked backward to try and make this theory plausible, regardless of how little evidence there is to support it.  And once you believe the conclusion, then it's very easy for you to see things to back it up even when that's not what's happening at all.I'm not even sure exactly what I'm supposed to be assuming with this theory as no one has laid it out in its entirety (mostly because it falls apart as soon as you do I suppose):Is she supposed to be Jenye Westerling undercover?Is she a spy posing as a nurse from Volantis who falls in love with her mark?Is she some devious vengeful woman (motivation pending) who has decided to fall in with Tywin to provide the maximum amount of misery to the Starks by making Robb happy and lying to him about being pregnant just so she can troll him and spit in his face before he's killed?None of these characterizations fit the puzzle at all and it should be noted that this theory is coming almost exclusively from a handful of book readers which means that the show has done a terrible job of foreshadowing why this could be plausible to its audience.The only thing on the show that you could possibly use as evidence is the fact that Tywin in S2 got a letter talking about where Robb's army was off to and then there's been a scene here and there where Talisa is shown writing letters.  That's it.  And if that's all you've got, that's just flimsy.  My perception of Tywin's updates were that they were from scouts, not spies (a common practice in warfare).  And Talisa is from Volantis so she is writing home (which she confirmed recently).  These are things that are fairly obvious but can certainly be twisted by those who want to fit scenes into a narrative they've decided is true.I could go on in detail with many of the different aspects of the theory that hold absolutely no water and if anyone wants to try, I'll be happy to blow a hole in those specific notions.  Tell me which one of the three scenarios I listed is the one you believe to be true and I'll tell you exactly why that cannot be.
5738	lunadangelo	2013-05-23	I would quite like Talisa to survive and love the suggestion made by somebody above (sorry, I can't find you again) that she releases Grey Wind, gets shot in the shoulder as she dives into the river. It would sort of reconnect with the Jeyne's story and would leave those of us who like to speculate, able to continue to do so.
5739	Raven's Teeth	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is a spy.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.She's either going to die, or she's going to somehow escape back to Riverrun with the Blackfish to reset to the book narrative, or she'll be taken prisoner there and used against her will by the Lannisters and Boltons to solidify Ramsay's claim to the North since the show does not have a Jeyne Poole character to use (so no fake Arya is needed, only the Lady of Winterfell who is carrying the heir).Those are the three options.  Talisa ripping off her dress to reveal a "Team Lannister" t-shirt underneath is not going to happen. It's stupid, dumb and I have less respect for the fans who have the naivety to swallow this tripe.Agree
5740	qixoticneurotic	2013-05-23	I think her being pregnant means shes going to replace fake arya/jeyne pool as the betrothed of ramsey Bolton. it makes the faction more believable with the heir to winterfell.
5741	Jon Black	2013-05-23	I think if the Jeyne-swap theory was true they would have kept Talisa at Riverrun in the same way Jeyne stayed there. Her being at the RW I think confirms her death....and this would possibly tell us a bit about the books and the Robb's heir theory (or lack thereof)..
5742	King Tommen	2013-05-23	I think whether Talisa dies or not at the RW will be contingent on Blackfish's presence there.  If he's at the RW as well, the odds of him being ordered by Robb before dying to escape with Talisa (and his unborn child) go up exponentially.  This would reset the storyline to the books (with both the Blackfish and Talisa at Riverrun albeit with the knowledge that she's definitely pregnant).
I don't know if the Blackfish will be at the RW for sure but he was definitely on the road with the gang to the Twins the last time we saw them.  I really don't think they'd kill both Talisa and the Blackfish (especially since it seems as if he would still have a role to play later on).
5743	Dysun	2013-05-23	I think Talisa is dead, that shot of her at the RW in one of the trailers shows she is present. Her little speech about Volantis and her pregnancy is just building her up to die a tragic death. 
Blackfish is where it gets mysterious, he wasn't in the trailers that showed the RW so it's possible Robb orders him somewhere before they arrive at the Twins. I'm hoping for the will as a fan of King Jon Stark
5744	adeadhand	2013-05-23	I think she's a spy and I'm afraid she's going to ruin the RW somehow. Hopefully, she reveals her betrayal and dies anyways. Cat killing her instead of Jingle Bells would be high drama.
Also, there's a very good chance that the Blackfish escapes the Twins the same way he escaped Riverrun in the book and they just nix that whole scene.
5745	King Tommen	2013-05-23	I think she's a spy and I'm afraid she's going to ruin the RW somehow. Hopefully, she reveals her betrayal and dies anyways. Cat killing her instead of Jingle Bells would be high drama.Also, there's a very good chance that the Blackfish escapes the Twins the same way he escaped Riverrun in the book and they just nix that whole scene.Please explain your reasoning as to how Talisa could possibly be a spy....
5746	superdeluxe	2013-05-23	Not sure why everyone thinks talisa at RW = spy or dead?
Very possible that she gets sick during festivities,  Robb asks BF to escort Talisa to her quarters and then RW happens and BF gets her out of there.
5747	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-23	Please explain your reasoning as to how Talisa could possibly be a spy....I think the entire basis of the spy argument is that she's always writing letters and Jeyne Westerling was sort of an unknowing spy in the books. Then sprinkle in a little familiarity with Westerosi culture that she should otherwise not know and that's the theory.
5748	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is a spy.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.She's either going to die, or she's going to somehow escape back to Riverrun with the Blackfish to reset to the book narrative, or she'll be taken prisoner there and used against her will by the Lannisters and Boltons to solidify Ramsay's claim to the North since the show does not have a Jeyne Poole character to use (so no fake Arya is needed, only the Lady of Winterfell who is carrying the heir).Those are the three options.  Talisa ripping off her dress to reveal a "Team Lannister" t-shirt underneath is not going to happen. It's stupid, dumb and I have less respect for the fans who have the naivety to swallow this tripe.One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is going to be married off to Ramsay in some fake Arya/wife of Robb Stark scenario.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.
5749	King Tommen	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is going to be married off to Ramsay in some fake Arya/wife of Robb Stark scenario.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.Clever.It's certainly the least likely of the three possible scenarios.  That being said, it's about 1000x more likely of taking place than Talisa having a Faceless-man level of undercover work to be able to screw over a guy she marries and gets knocked up by.
5750	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-23	One of the best things that will come out of E9 being finally aired is that it will put to bed the endless bandwith that has been devoted to the terrible, useless not well though out theory that Talisa is a spy.I will be so so happy when I never have to hear this garbage again.She's either going to die, or she's going to somehow escape back to Riverrun with the Blackfish to reset to the book narrative, or she'll be taken prisoner there and used against her will by the Lannisters and Boltons to solidify Ramsay's claim to the North since the show does not have a Jeyne Poole character to use (so no fake Arya is needed, only the Lady of Winterfell who is carrying the heir).Those are the three options.  Talisa ripping off her dress to reveal a "Team Lannister" t-shirt underneath is not going to happen. It's stupid, dumb and I have less respect for the fans who have the naivety to swallow this tripe.This exactly.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=phEdixwld-0 - this interview with Oona Chaplain may be of interest to some people.
5751	go joff go	2013-05-23	It may not make a good story but I think its dishonest to say there aren't clues whether imagined or real that can allow one to come to the conclusion that Talisa is a spy- esp considering her book relative DID have a role in the RW.  The truth is if you had no knowledge of the book alot of the crazy things that happen would sound nuts said outloud.  I mean if someone put the LF plot out there based on the clues that have been left people would say its contrived.
5752	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-23	Yeah, the spy theory is just... That (not) said, I have no idea what they'll do with Talisa, but of all the options, her being a spy would be the absolute worst. It's baffling that some people think this development would "save her character", simply because they aren't a fan of how this particular story line has been adapted. I've made no attempt to hide my complete apathy for Jeyne Westerling - as a character, obviously - and have also made no attempt to hide that I think Talisa is an improvement over her book counterpart. And honestly, she's had a lot of nice moments this season, so I'm still happy with how she's worked out. I'm hoping she survives the Red Wedding, personally. That seems like a more interesting route to take than her being killed at the wedding (and if Catelyn kills Talisa instead of some random Frey, as some have been proposing, I'm not going to be a happy camper), especially since the revelation that she's pregnant could lead to some interesting story moments down the road. But then again, I also want to see Robb legitimize Jon Snow... I guess the two aren't mutually exclusive, and it's a little late in the game for Robb to be naming heirs (although it could be a reverse psychology kind of thing...), but we'll see how it plays out. In any case, Talisa being a spy makes no sense.
5753	King Tommen	2013-05-23	This exactly.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=phEdixwld-0 - this interview with Oona Chaplain may be of interest to some people.Check out that interviewer trying to ask about 10 different ways if she was going to last this season.  It must absolutely suck to have to answer questions which you know are almost certainly going to give away spoilers unless you say "I can't tell you that...".  Especially when the interviewer clearly has read the books and wants you to screw yourself over with one of your answers.
5754	zaphodbrx	2013-05-23	Why are you so convinced Talisa is not a spy?
There are definitely good arguments for it.
Here are my reasons why I tend towards the spy side.
Talisa's character is awkward and very suspicious. See..
-Who really writes a letter to their mother while being naked. And in a language no one can read, how convenient.
-If Talisa hates and does not want to live in a slave city, why is she inviting Robb for a honeymoon there?
-Talisa has clearly no interest in being Queen of the North. She can't tell where Winterfell is on a map, and when Robb's trying to work she keeps distracting him with her ass.
-In fact, during the whole of this season we see no Northern bannermen, Robb is clearly estranged from them and I think Talisa is the reason, check out Season 2 where she keeps interrupting Roose on multiple occasions. And by now she is pretty much his only confidante in military and other affairs ( check plan to attack CR ).
-Talisa aggressively pursues Robb, you really have to watch season 2 for this. 'You're marrying her for a bridge' - 'A very important bridge' - 'Im sure that bridge must look beautiful' - 'I don't want you to marry the Frey girl'. What's her motivation to get married, if not to make Robb break his vow? Where's the urgency? What's the point in having a secret wedding when everyone knows in the next episode anyway?
-There are many, many subtle body language clues that suggest she is manipulating Robb. When the Karstarks leave and Robb is thinking what to do, you can see a very curious expression on her face when Robb is pointing at the map. Infact she indirectly gives him the idea of attacking Casterly Rock aka certain doom.
-From a book reader's perspective, it fits in perfectly with Sybell Westerling who had ties to the east. House Maegyr being a tiger - cat of a different coat fits perfectly with the Rains of Castamere.
5755	King Tommen	2013-05-23	Why are you so convinced Talisa is not a spy?There are definitely good arguments for it.Here are my reasons why I tend towards the spy side.Talisa's character is awkward and very suspicious. See..-Who really writes a letter to their mother while being naked. And in a language no one can read, how convenient.-If Talisa hates and does not want to live in a slave city, why is she inviting Robb for a honeymoon there?-Talisa has clearly no interest in being Queen of the North. She can't tell where Winterfell is on a map, and when Robb's trying to work she keeps distracting him with her ass.-In fact, during the whole of this season we see no Northern bannermen, Robb is clearly estranged from them and I think Talisa is the reason, check out Season 2 where she keeps interrupting Roose on multiple occasions. And by now she is pretty much his only confidante in military and other affairs ( check plan to attack CR ).-Talisa aggressively pursues Robb, you really have to watch season 2 for this. 'You're marrying her for a bridge' - 'A very important bridge' - 'Im sure that bridge must look beautiful' - 'I don't want you to marry the Frey girl'. What's her motivation to get married, if not to make Robb break his vow? Where's the urgency? What's the point in having a secret wedding when everyone knows in the next episode anyway?-There are many, many subtle body language clues that suggest she is manipulating Robb. When the Karstarks leave and Robb is thinking what to do, you can see a very curious expression on her face when Robb is pointing at the map. Infact she indirectly gives him the idea of attacking Casterly Rock aka certain doom.-From a book reader's perspective, it fits in perfectly with Sybell Westerling who had ties to the east. House Maegyr being a tiger - cat of a different coat fits perfectly with the Rains of Castamere.And there in a nutshell, are the arguements I have seen.  That's it.  If that's where you throw down with, then good luck.  That's about 99% seeing things that just aren't there and are explained far more logically if you take them for what they are on the screen instead of trying to suss out a deep dark conspiracy with every action this character takes.
5756	Springs09	2013-05-23	Both the spy theory and the replacing fake Arya theory make no sense.
Why would Tywin send a defenseless girl to spy on Robb? If he could get someone that close to Robb, then Robb would be dead. 
The marrying off to Ramsey thing wouldn't make sense either. The whole thing about fake Arya is that all other Stark children are believed to be dead or fled overseas, Ramsey marries 'Arya' to give him the claim to Winterfell. Ramsey marrying Talisa would mean as much as Loras marrying Cersei. Ramsey wouldn't be lord of Winterfell anymore than Loras will be king. Robb's son will be lord of Winterfell and the Boltons will be under Stark rule as soon as he comes of age, no different to before.
5757	King Tommen	2013-05-23	The marrying off to Ramsey thing wouldn't make sense either. The whole thing about fake Arya is that all other Stark children are believed to be dead or fled overseas, Ramsey marries 'Arya' to give him the claim to Winterfell. Ramsey marrying Talisa would mean as much as Loras marrying Cersei. Ramsey wouldn't be lord of Winterfell anymore than Loras will be king. Robb's son will be lord of Winterfell and the Boltons will be under Stark rule as soon as he comes of age, no different to before.It's not the most plausible theory but isn't this almost exactly the same scenario that LF has put himself in with Robert Arryn?  He seems to be pretty good with that arrangement and the power it affords him.
5758	Springs09	2013-05-23	Why are you so convinced Talisa is not a spy?There are definitely good arguments for it.Here are my reasons why I tend towards the spy side.Talisa's character is awkward and very suspicious. See..-Who really writes a letter to their mother while being naked. And in a language no one can read, how convenient.-If Talisa hates and does not want to live in a slave city, why is she inviting Robb for a honeymoon there?-Talisa has clearly no interest in being Queen of the North. She can't tell where Winterfell is on a map, and when Robb's trying to work she keeps distracting him with her ass.-In fact, during the whole of this season we see no Northern bannermen, Robb is clearly estranged from them and I think Talisa is the reason, check out Season 2 where she keeps interrupting Roose on multiple occasions. And by now she is pretty much his only confidante in military and other affairs ( check plan to attack CR ).-Talisa aggressively pursues Robb, you really have to watch season 2 for this. 'You're marrying her for a bridge' - 'A very important bridge' - 'Im sure that bridge must look beautiful' - 'I don't want you to marry the Frey girl'. What's her motivation to get married, if not to make Robb break his vow? Where's the urgency? What's the point in having a secret wedding when everyone knows in the next episode anyway?-There are many, many subtle body language clues that suggest she is manipulating Robb. When the Karstarks leave and Robb is thinking what to do, you can see a very curious expression on her face when Robb is pointing at the map. Infact she indirectly gives him the idea of attacking Casterly Rock aka certain doom.-From a book reader's perspective, it fits in perfectly with Sybell Westerling who had ties to the east. House Maegyr being a tiger - cat of a different coat fits perfectly with the Rains of Castamere.- Anyone could write a letter being naked. Her mother probably only speaks Valyrian. There's no reason to think Tywin or anyone in his camp speaks Valyrian.- Because she is an awfully written character. Also she doesn't say come live here with me, she asks him to see her mother.- Except she does have interest because she uh, married him. - No Northern bannermen is because of too many characters in the show. Talisa being the reason doesn't mean she's a spy it just means she and Robb are stupid, which everyone can see.- The whole Robb-Talisa marriage storyline was awful. She goes from hating him to loving him in a few conversations. The writers clearly wanted to make Robb more sympathetic in breaking his vow because he was head over heels in love with a wonderful woman. - That last point is absurd.- If Talisa is a spy it will not only ruin the Red Wedding but ruin two seasons and Robb's whole storyline. If the big reveal is not the betrayal of the Frey's and Bolton's but instead the revelation of Talisa the spy it will ruin all impact and just be another example of the writers trying to improve on Martin's story but failing. There's no need to change this scene at all, it fits perfectly onto screen and is the best scene in the book.
5759	Springs09	2013-05-23	It's not the most plausible theory but isn't this almost exactly the same scenario that LF has put himself in with Robert Arryn?  He seems to be pretty good with that arrangement and the power it affords him.Littlefinger had to have that whole meeting with the lords of the Vale first, to become Robert's guardian or whatever it was. For his plan to work he needs Robert to die as well. For Ramsey to become Lord of Winterfell by marrying Talisa he'd need to kill the baby, and I don't think anyone in the North would be too happy about that considering the lords of the Vale aren't happy with Littlefinger and he's going about it in a much more cunning way. Ramsey's way would be the same way as when he married Lady Hornwood.
5760	jotabe1789	2013-05-23	- If Talisa is a spy it will not only ruin the Red Wedding but ruin two seasons and Robb's whole storyline. If the big reveal is not the betrayal of the Frey's and Bolton's but instead the revelation of Talisa the spy it will ruin all impact and just be another example of the writers trying to improve on Martin's story but failing. There's no need to change this scene at all, it fits perfectly onto screen and is the best scene in the book.Well, it doesn't have to be revealed at the RW episode. When did we learn about Jeyne Westerling having drank moon tea in the books? Even if it happened in the RW, saying it would ruin the impact it's like saying that the betrayal of Bolton somehow diminished the impact of the RW. Enhances it, really. Suddenly a lot of people we had been told they were Robb's side, they really are not. In the books, Bolton's betrayal has a heightened impact because we know Arya had considered revealing herself to him. What about Bolton in the show?
5761	Springs09	2013-05-23	Well, it doesn't have to be revealed at the RW episode. When did we learn about Jeyne Westerling having drank moon tea in the books?Even if it happened in the RW, saying it would ruin the impact it's like saying that the betrayal of Bolton somehow diminished the impact of the RW. Enhances it, really. Suddenly a lot of people we had been told they were Robb's side, they really are not. In the books, Bolton's betrayal has a heightened impact because we know Arya had considered revealing herself to him. What about Bolton in the show?No it doesn't. The Frey and Bolton's betrayal was the big impact in the book. Having Talisa revealed as a spy in the show would be a bigger twist than the Frey and Bolton's betrayal due to Talisa being a much bigger character than either Walder Frey or Roose Bolton in the show. It wouldn't enhance it, it would just once again take the spotlight off other characters and put it on this contrived bullshit excuse for a character they call Talisa.
5762	zaphodbrx	2013-05-24	King Tommen,
Am just curious, have you seen the Roose honeypot videohttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg
It makes a substantial number of other points, such as Tywin's 'He's not going to fail without our help' line, Talisa coming to Robb's tent without any smallclothes, her not thinking highly of her father who could be Reginald Lannister, knowing an awful lot about some random lannister guard, etc. I do admit a few things are far fetched such as the business with the silk king.
We also have out-of-show clues such as David Peterson not revealing the contents of the valyrian letter, and Oona Chaplin tweeting about using bow and arrows ( maybe she shoots Robb? )
My personal theory is that she is the daughter of Reginald Lannister+ some volantene, she spent a major portion of her life in Volantis, which explains why Martin/Wilhelm Lannister/etc don't recognize her , and she's going on the spy mission in order to raise her family's reputation in Lord Tywin's view. You can see in the Alton/Jamie conversation how the lower rung lannisters want to try to ingratiate themselves with 'the family', and with a dad like Reginald you really got to try hard. Maybe the original plan wasn't to marry Robb but just send letters, however she improvised and hit jackpot.
Edit: I don't know why Talisa=spy would ruin the RW. Isn't that more or less the plot of the Westerlings in the book? Actually it's also the exact same plot as Jon/Ygritte.
Edit2: If she's not a spy, how do you explain how she doesn't know where Winterfell is on a map, yet seems do be giving Robb military advice?
That's just one example, a lot of things only make sense if she's a spy.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 24 May 2013 - 12:33 AM.
5763	King Tommen	2013-05-24	King Tommen,Am just curious, have you seen the Roose honeypot videohttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgIt makes a substantial number of other points, such as Tywin's 'He's not going to fail without our help' line, Talisa coming to Robb's tent without any smallclothes, her not thinking highly of her father who could be Reginald Lannister, knowing an awful lot about some random lannister guard, etc. I do admit a few things are far fetched such as the business with the silk king.We also have out-of-show clues such as David Peterson not revealing the contents of the valyrian letter, and Oona Chaplin tweeting about using bow and arrows ( maybe she shoots Robb? )My personal theory is that she is the daughter of Reginald Lannister+ some volantene, she spent a major portion of her life in Volantis, which explains why Martin/Wilhelm Lannister/etc don't recognize her , and she's going on the spy mission in order to raise her family's reputation in Lord Tywin's view. You can see in the Alton/Jamie conversation how the lower rung lannisters want to try to ingratiate themselves with 'the family', and with a dad like Reginald you really got to try hard. Maybe the original plan wasn't to marry Robb but just send letters, however she improvised and hit jackpot.Edit: I don't know why Talisa=spy would ruin the RW. Isn't that more or less the plot of the Westerlings in the book? Actually it's also the exact same plot as Jon/Ygritte.Edit2: If she's not a spy, how do you explain how she doesn't know where Winterfell is on a map, yet seems do be giving Robb military advice?That's just one example, a lot of things only make sense if she's a spy.That video is a guy digging way too far into scenes and seeing what they want to see so that it fits their theory.  It's ridiculously flimsy and Ran has already said it's rubbish.As for your question, Talisa doesn't know where WInterfell is because she's never been anywhere near the North (she's from Volantis and probably has only really been in the Riverlands although how long she's been in Westeros hasn't really been established).  And she's not giving Robb any kind of detailed military advice.  She's standing beside him when he's going over his strategy (she is his wife), and she asks a couple of basic questions of him like any person of normal intelligence would.  It's clearly been established through their relationship, that Talisa has very little understanding of the battle strategies of either side or even the reason why the war is being fought. She's a pacifist and is only concerned as a nurse with helping people.  Once she marries Robb, she's really just concerned about his safety which is where all of her questions are directed toward.For Talisa to be a spy, she'd either have to be like James Bond level (or Faceless Man level) because Tywin had her go learn Valaryian, train to be a nurse, change her complexion so she'd look foreign.  Then, instead of laying low, the best course of action would be to get lippy with Robb when they first met in the off chance that he might be into that.  And then once he showed interest, she went full Monty and instead of simply spying on activities, she decided to seduce and marry him.  Then she trolled him by telling him she was pregnant so that when the time came, she could rub it in his face before he died that she was just lying and that she was fucking him over big time.  This is of course without anyone knowing why there would be any good reason that she would do this.  There is absolutely no motivation given for her to do any of these things.Instead of trying to read body language that isn't there or parse some poorly written romance scenes, why not go back to the question of motivation and logistics and try and explain to yourself why and how this would ever happen.
5764	zaphodbrx	2013-05-24	For Talisa to be a spy, she'd either have to be like James Bond level (or Faceless Man level) because Tywin had her go learn Valaryian, train to be a nurse, change her complexion so she'd look foreign.  Then, instead of laying low, the best course of action would be to get lippy with Robb when they first met in the off chance that he might be into that.  And then once he showed interest, she went full Monty and instead of simply spying on activities, she decided to seduce and marry him.  Then she trolled him by telling him she was pregnant so that when the time came, she could rub it in his face before he died that she was just lying and that she was fucking him over big time.  This is of course without anyone knowing why there would be any good reason that she would do this.  There is absolutely no motivation given for her to do any of these things.I already explained a perfectly reasonable background and motivation for spying--My personal theory is that she is the daughter of Reginald Lannister+ some volantene, she spent a major portion of her life in Volantis, which explains why Martin/Wilhelm Lannister/etc don't recognize her , and she's going on the spy mission in order to raise her family's reputation in Lord Tywin's view. You can see in the Alton/Jamie conversation how the lower rung lannisters want to try to ingratiate themselves with 'the family', and with a dad like Reginald you really got to try hard. Maybe the original plan wasn't to marry Robb but just send letters, however she improvised and hit jackpot.--Btw, I'm not completely on the spy train, would put it at 60% chance spy and 40% not spy. What I don't like is ppl dismissing spy theory out of hand as if it is totally impossible.
5765	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-24	I already explained a perfectly reasonable background and motivation for spying--My personal theory is that she is the daughter of Reginald Lannister+ some volantene, she spent a major portion of her life in Volantis, which explains why Martin/Wilhelm Lannister/etc don't recognize her , and she's going on the spy mission in order to raise her family's reputation in Lord Tywin's view. You can see in the Alton/Jamie conversation how the lower rung lannisters want to try to ingratiate themselves with 'the family', and with a dad like Reginald you really got to try hard. Maybe the original plan wasn't to marry Robb but just send letters, however she improvised and hit jackpot.--Btw, I'm not completely on the spy train, would put it at 60% chance spy and 40% not spy. What I don't like is ppl dismissing spy theory out of hand as if it is totally impossible.This is now my theory, too. Makes perfect sense.
5766	King Tommen	2013-05-24	Anything's possible. I mean, Robb could reveal at the RW that his father had a secret twin brother Fred Stark who was the one who actually got executed and Ned could come through the doors and take down all the Frey's alongside Robb and they could both high five each afterwards.
The problem with the theory you're espousing is that it requires far too much subtlety and imagination based on things that really don't link up on the show.  You're making connections that no one who is watching the show casually would ever dream of making.  The show doesn't operate in this fashion.  If there is a development that's set to happen, if you're paying attention, you'll see the logic behind it.  These far fetched notions have not been set up at all and you're pulling small snippets of info from throwaway dialogue that isn't intended for that kind of scrutiny.  The conspiracy plot is so ridiculously convoluted and appears to be something that would need to be set in motion years prior to the hatching.  It just doesn't hold up no matter how many times you show Talisa writing a letter on screen.
5767	brighidg	2013-05-24	I could see the whole Talisa is a spy thing just because it still makes no sense that she's Talisa and not Jeyne Westerling. Obviously there's going to be some major change to this character or else why is she Talisa and not Jeyne Westerling? There is no reason Jeyne Westerling couldn't be a sassy nurse and I don't believe it's the Volantis background that caused GRRM to nix the show changes to Jeyne. Something had to cause that and maybe it was combining Jeyne and her mother to create spy!Talisa, maybe it's the pregnancy which GRRM did not want to give credence to after debunking those same rumors about Jeyne Westerling or maybe she will also take Jeyne Poole's arc and that's why. Why bother creating a different character when they've been faithful to every other minor character? 
Whichever, in two weeks we'll know whether Talisa is a spy and if she'll survive the Red Wedding.
5768	adeadhand	2013-05-24	Anything's possible. I mean, Robb could reveal at the RW that his father had a secret twin brother Fred Stark who was the one who actually got executed and Ned could come through the doors and take down all the Frey's alongside Robb and they could both high five each afterwards.The problem with the theory you're espousing is that it requires far too much subtlety and imagination based on things that really don't link up on the show.  You're making connections that no one who is watching the show casually would ever dream of making.  The show doesn't operate in this fashion.  If there is a development that's set to happen, if you're paying attention, you'll see the logic behind it.  These far fetched notions have not been set up at all and you're pulling small snippets of info from throwaway dialogue that isn't intended for that kind of scrutiny.  The conspiracy plot is so ridiculously convoluted and appears to be something that would need to be set in motion years prior to the hatching.  It just doesn't hold up no matter how many times you show Talisa writing a letter on screen.Conspiracy plot ridiculous?Wasn't Jeyne confirmed to be a plant by the Westerlings in the books? Why change her character at all if you aren't trying to conceal her family's loyalties and surprise the audience later? Just to introduce Volantis? Doubtful. Have they done much of that, anyways? No.Why is she writing a letter in a language Robb doesn't understand (and why does the camera focus on it)? Who cares? Why is she so coy? "Many surprises for them".If you think that writers concerned with the economics of adapting ASOIAF to the small screen are giving her multiple "throwaway" lines and scenes of letter writing, you're mistaken.It appears that either she's been directed to play mysterious or she's literally been written in as a plant.
5769	Dysun	2013-05-24	It could also be a massive red herring to book readers who know the family was in on it with the Lannisters, the show is very self-aware as evidenced by their fourth wall breaking jokes. "Mereeneese Knot" "I heard you lost your nose"
5770	King Tommen	2013-05-24	Talisa is writing a letter in another language because it's to her mother in Volantis and they speak Valyrian.  How fucking hard is that to understand?
And Jeyne Westerling was an innocent pawn in the books who happened to have an encounter with Robb that led to them getting married.  Afterwards, her mother took advantage of the situation by alerting Tywin to curry favour with him.  It was not a grand scheme initiated well ahead of time.  Changing this character to someone who is employed as a spy is very ridiculous.  The Westerlings were never spies, they didn't go undercover and play some kind of long con.  The mother was simply opportunistic when the situation fell into her lap.  Any other conspiracy theories the readers may have had are simply conspiracy theories.
The reason she's not Jeyne Westerling on the show is because D&D did not want the whole cliched "lovers come together from different sides of the battlelines" story.  They left her as Jeyne because they wanted the romance and innocence from the novels to remain the same but they didn't want her to be from the Lannister side.  Once they decided that her backstory would be from Volantis, it required them (on suggestion from GRRM) to change her name to one that could be from Volantis since Jeyne wasn't appropriate.  That's the story.  No conspiracy, no tinfoil helmets required.
I don't know why people are saying she's mysterious, she's not.  She's a nurse from Volantis who doesn't understand the war.  She falls in love with Robb and is now dutifully by his side.  She will either die, be captured or escape from the RW and that's it.  This will all be confirmed in a little over a week's time and I will never have to hear about this garbage again and we will all be better for it.
5771	Dogs	2013-05-24	I totally agree that the idea of Talisa being a spy is extremely farfetched, elaborate and contrived, and would make no sense. However I found that scene in episode 7 to be a really weird scene, drawing so much attention to her letter writing. Like, that was the directing and the writing that delibaretly drew audience attention to the fact that she's writing this letter, not just fan suspicions. It was just a really weird way of revealing that she was pregnant, in terms of dialogue flow. Could be bad (not neccesarily bad, just weird, to me) writing, or delibaretly amping up suspicions and theories of her for the audience.
Other than that, I think her character and relationship with Robb has been set up pretty honestly and that there's not going to be a huge revealing twist with her character. Besides, considering how many people will have gone behind Robb's back or betrayed him, it would really suck to have pretty much everybody he's ever interacted with pull some shit against him. Theon, his mom, Karstark, Bolton, Edmure screwing up that mill thing.
5772	King Tommen	2013-05-24	I totally agree that the idea of Talisa being a spy is extremely farfetched, elaborate and contrived, and would make no sense. However I found that scene in episode 7 to be a really weird scene, drawing so much attention to her letter writing. Like, that was the directing and the writing that delibaretly drew audience attention to the fact that she's writing this letter, not just fan suspicions. It was just a really weird way of revealing that she was pregnant, in terms of dialogue flow. Could be bad (not neccesarily bad, just weird, to me) writing, or delibaretly amping up suspicions and theories of her for the audience.Yeah, I suppose it was a little awkward but that kind of goes along with the writing overall for Robb and Talisa, which has been structured as more of a traditional "meet cute and then fall in love" romance which I don't necessarily think is in the writers' wheelhouse and as has been mentioned on numerous occasions, is not part of the world of ASOIAF that Martin has constructed.But I think the dialogue in that particular scene is supposed to be there to remind the audience again that Talisa is not from Westeros and comes from a foreign land and has a sense of exotic with both her language and writing.  The fact that she tries to get Robb to pronounce some Valarian words and that she brings up her mother and family is probably more there to get a sense that (much like Shae with Tyrion), Talisa would simply prefer for her and Robb to be whisked away from all the war and politics and go live a blissful life away from it all to raise a family together.  The whole talk of her family is probably also there to transition into the reveal that she's pregnant because it's kind of hard to just simply announce, "By the way I'm knocked up" and have it come organically from the conversation you're having.  Making it about her family was just an easier way to get into that reveal I suppose.When it comes to the letter writing, if you subscribe to the theory that she is some master Faceless-man level undercover spy, I don't think her writing her secret spy letters in full view of the guy she was betraying (whether it be in his language or another one) fits at all with this characterization.
5773	adeadhand	2013-05-24	Talisa is writing a letter in another language because it's to her mother in Volantis and they speak Valyrian.  How fucking hard is that to understand?And Jeyne Westerling was an innocent pawn in the books who happened to have an encounter with Robb that led to them getting married.  Afterwards, her mother took advantage of the situation by alerting Tywin to curry favour with him.  It was not a grand scheme initiated well ahead of time.  Changing this character to someone who is employed as a spy is very ridiculous.  The Westerlings were never spies, they didn't go undercover and play some kind of long con.  The mother was simply opportunistic when the situation fell into her lap.  Any other conspiracy theories the readers may have had are simply conspiracy theories.The reason she's not Jeyne Westerling on the show is because D&D did not want the whole cliched "lovers come together from different sides of the battlelines" story.  They left her as Jeyne because they wanted the romance and innocence from the novels to remain the same but they didn't want her to be from the Lannister side.  Once they decided that her backstory would be from Volantis, it required them (on suggestion from GRRM) to change her name to one that could be from Volantis since Jeyne wasn't appropriate.  That's the story.  No conspiracy, no tinfoil helmets required.I don't know why people are saying she's mysterious, she's not.  She's a nurse from Volantis who doesn't understand the war.  She falls in love with Robb and is now dutifully by his side.  She will either die, be captured or escape from the RW and that's it.  This will all be confirmed in a little over a week's time and I will never have to hear about this garbage again and we will all be better for it.Confirmation on this? Actually, the idea that her family played her to secure higher standing in the Game of Thrones fits perfectly into the books and TV shows. Why would they remove this element? Having her someone removed from the conflict eliminates drama.Talisa as this Mother Teresa figure saving lives on the battefield playing the Angel in Robb's ear is about as saccharine and anti-Martin as it gets. So, either her character is horribly written or there's more to her than meets the eye.Personally, I'm hoping there isn't some Telemundo reveal that ruins the RW. But I'll be surprised if Talisa is the first paragon in the series.
5774	King Tommen	2013-05-24	Confirmation on this? Actually, the idea that her family played her to secure higher standing in the Game of Thrones fits perfectly into the books and TV shows. Why would they remove this element? Having her someone removed from the conflict eliminates drama.Talisa as this Mother Teresa figure saving lives on the battefield playing the Angel in Robb's ear is about as saccharine and anti-Martin as it gets. So, either her character is horribly written or there's more to her than meets the eye.Personally, I'm hoping there isn't some Telemundo reveal that ruins the RW. But I'll be surprised if Talisa is the first paragon in the series.I'm extrapolating on this obviously because D&D have not talked about their reasons for making the changes.  But it's very clear that they would like for the Lannisters and Starks to have set lines that differentiate each other and have simplified many of the relationships that have greyed this line in the books. 1) For instance, you've got Cleos Frey being renamed Alton Lannister so that the audience is not confused with why a Frey is a Lannister cousin when they are supposedly backing Robb. 2) Both the boy squires that were captured at Riverrun have Lannister as their last names (different than the books) to make this clear which side they're from. 3) The alternating changing allegiances of the Bloody Mummers have been jettisoned and replaced simply with Locke and his group who are sworn to Bolton from the start and don't switch sides.So knowing that Westerlings in canon are sworn to the Lannisters, they removed that element of Jeyne and kept the portion of their story that had the two of them fall in love in the midst of the war and getting married when it was a bad idea strategically.  Jeyne is innocent in the books and they've kept that part for Talisa.  Once they decided that she wasn't going to be a Westerling, they were free to choose her background and they eventually settled on Volantis (for a variety of reasons).  This necessitated them having to change her name so that they could not even retain the "Jeyne" portion of the link to the book character.Hell, they even had the two of them visit the Crag last year (more as a wink to the book reader audience than anything else I imagine) which also should have confirmed for all involved that she wasn't Jeyne Westerling.  Although I suppose if you believe all the other crazy shit about the spy theory, it wouldn't be too much of a step for you to also have no problem swallowing that the conspiracy to keep Jeyne a secret stretched out to encompass every person at the Crag so that her identity wouldn't be blown by anybody when she showed up with Robb.If Blackfish is going to be at the RW with Talisa (and he's certainly on the road with everyone on the way to the Twins so I'd guess he probably is), then I would be guessing that they're going to find a way to reset the storyline to more or less where we are in the books by having him escape with Talisa back to RIvverrun in the chaos (ordered by a desperate or dying Robb most likely).  It gives them a little bit more of a connection for when we catch up with them later and he acts as more of a father figure and protector.
5775	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-24	She's not a spy. ...she's a secret agent...
5776	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-24	The idea that anyone can escape from the RW just destroys the utter and complete slaughter that was the RW. I'd rather they die than having a miraculous escape.
5777	adeadhand	2013-05-24	The idea that anyone can escape from the RW just destroys the utter and complete slaughter that was the RW. I'd rather they die than having a miraculous escape.Agreed. Blackfish escaping while Cat dies doesn't make a hell a lot of sense unless he's outside in the Camps.
5778	pobeb	2013-05-24	In regards to Talisa being a spy, I would highly suggest this clip being reviewed:http://www.youtube.c...tailpage#t=149sI thought this scene was highly suspicious and (if Talisa is a spy) foreshadowing.  What is the purpose of this scene?  To introduce the Lannister boys and convey their innocence?  Well, that would be fine, but why the need to place Talisa there?  She's mending Lannisters.  She talks of not being afraid of wolves.  I mean, I could be wrong, but her betraying Robb and taking the place of Jinglebell seems to fit to me.
5779	shiola	2013-05-24	Love your posts on this page, King Tommen.  Well-stated and thorough.  I never bought the spy thing 100% but believed something was fishy with Talisa's whole story, and I was ready to have her spy status confirmed.  But you laid it all out in a very common sense fashion.
5780	shiola	2013-05-24	As far as her being a spy and taking Jinglebell's place, I don't think that makes a whole lot of sense given Cat's entire reason for threatening Jinglebell in the first place.  And even besides that, it's much more Walder Frey-like to kill Robb's bride in front of him rather than Robb having been spied upon, and I can see it happening easily.
5781	King Tommen	2013-05-24	In regards to Talisa being a spy, I would highly suggest this clip being reviewed:http://www.youtube.c...tailpage#t=149sI thought this scene was highly suspicious and (if Talisa is a spy) foreshadowing.  What is the purpose of this scene?  To introduce the Lannister boys and convey their innocence?  Well, that would be fine, but why the need to place Talisa there?  She's mending Lannisters.  She talks of not being afraid of wolves.  I mean, I could be wrong, but her betraying Robb and taking the place of Jinglebell seems to fit to me.Again, looking way too deep into things.  Yes, it's a necessary scene because we need to see the boys before they get killed by Karstark so that we know who they are and maybe feel a little bit of sympathy for them because of how innocent, nice and scared they clearly are shown to be.  Why Talisa? Because she's the most likely character that we know of who would be put in that situation.  She's a nurse and prisoners still get treated.  They even established clearly the first time we met her that she doesn't care about who is fighting who, her main concern as a nurse is to care for the injured and those who can't care for themselves.It's also meant to humanize her a bit, give her a scene away from Robb. When she hears from the boys what kind of crazy horror story stuff has been put in their heads with regards to the Starks, she puts their minds at ease but still teases them a little playfully.I have no idea how anyone could take that scene to be suspicious in any way.
5782	The Knight of Flours	2013-05-24	All hail King Tommen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5783	King Tommen	2013-05-24	The idea that anyone can escape from the RW just destroys the utter and complete slaughter that was the RW. I'd rather they die than having a miraculous escape.If anyone can escape from the RW, it's the Blackfish.  That dude mission impossibled himself out of Riverrun while it was under siege.  He's a legend.
5784	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-24	Talisa being a spy would be such a shit plot twist. Not only is it full of holes but it completely undermines the Bolton betrayal, which D&D have clearly been working towards.
I think the Talisa letter writing is ultimately just a red herring put in there to throw people off the Bolton scent (and it seems to have worked amongst some of the Unsullied). D&D probably knew about the fan theory in Season 2 so thought it would be fun to feed it a bit more.
5785	superdeluxe	2013-05-24	The idea that anyone can escape from the RW just destroys the utter and complete slaughter that was the RW. I'd rather they die than having a miraculous escape.Then why introduce BF?  He would have served no purpose other than to die?
5786	Kraken's Kiss	2013-05-24	All hail King Tommen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, King Tommen has me convinced me that the whole spy conspiracy is hogwash.
5787	Lord Ben	2013-05-24	This is the first rationale for Talisa's possible treachery that I've heard that has a sheen of believability about it.  But why would she be faking being pregnant?  Because if she's really pregnant, no way that kid could be allowed to be born. And she'd know that.  Right?Maybe she was promised otherwise?   That they'd capture Robb and end the war and they'd be allowed to travel back north together?Or maybe she wanted to have an heir so she could raise the next King to love peace and hate war or something?I think Blackfish will fight his way out and save her personally, and she wasn't involved.   But finding motives isn't an issue if I'm wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ben, 24 May 2013 - 09:58 PM.
5788	zaphodbrx	2013-05-24	I don't know why people are saying she's mysterious, she's not.  She's a nurse from Volantis who doesn't understand the war.  She falls in love with Robb and is now dutifully by his side.  She will either die, be captured or escape from the RW and that's it.  This will all be confirmed in a little over a week's time and I will never have to hear about this garbage again and we will all be better for it.Oh please.Talisa is literally the most, well I wouldn't say 'mysterious', but rather, suspicious character in the entire show.She literally comes out of nowhere and has zero proof of anything she says or does.How come, no one on the bride's family side has turned up months after they've been married. Like, there is literally no one to confirm her identity as Talisa of house Maegyr. Not even a random servant or two. So she's been wandering around alone hacking off body parts for two years? Her pursuit of Robb is incredibly aggressive, you really have to watch season 2 for this, again for what motivation?If she's so anti war, why does she want to marry a King, who is waging war?Literally nothing about the character makes sense unless she is a spy.
5789	piratesswoop	2013-05-24	Why are people so certain that Talisa's pregnancy is known to anyone but Robb? Unless she IS a spy writing letters about her condition to Tywin, it's pretty likely that the only people who know are her and Robb. She can't be much further along than three months and she's clearly not showing. I doubt she'd be bursting into the Twins announcing her condition to the Freys either.
5790	Vicious Fire	2013-05-24	If she's really pregnant then she has to die, there is no Robb's son or daugther in the books. 
I know D&D like to make some changes but this is certainly one they cannot make.
5791	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-25	Then why introduce BF?  He would have served no purpose other than to die?Why don't you ask GRRM. He created BF and didn't have him die there.
5792	The Drunkard	2013-05-25	Why don't you ask GRRM. He created BF and didn't have him die there.Blackfish wasn't present at the RW in the books, he was holding Riverrun.
5793	lostinasia	2013-05-25	Then why introduce BF?  He would have served no purpose other than to die?Couldn't that kind of be said about Ned, Catelyn's father (who died before we even met him), Cat herself, Lady, Grey Wind, Ygritte, the ill-fated father & son Stark retainers whose names I forget, oh anyone associated with the Starks, Tywin, and so on? If his purpose is to die and make the RW more dramatic, so be it - that's exactly the purpose characters like the Great Jon would serve, were they to be present this season.As I may have said earlier in this thread, I think it's great that, because of Lady Talysa, I don't know what's going to happen at the Red Wedding. Fantastic - there's suspense for me, not just looming tragedy. I "hope" (from an aesthetic viewpoint) that she either dies or escapes with the Blackfish (he escorts her to her chamber if she falls ill, and they have a chance to go Errol Flynn out a window?); it's also possible that she's a spy, although I really hope not.And I figure she's pregnant to either [a] escape and leave the Robb's heir issue at play, or [b] make the RW even more dramatic - in particular have Robb react to seeing his pregnant wife cut down.As for the "who writes a letter while they're naked?!" argument - gee, a married couple lazing about doing stuff without bothering to put clothes on. Like that never happens.(Edited because somehow the letter b and parentheses resulted in an oddly-placed happy face.)
					
					
							Edited by lostinasia, 25 May 2013 - 04:55 AM.
5794	go joff go	2013-05-25	Well I'm rooting for the spy angle, but for it to only be hinted in the RW but revealed much later in the story.  I don't think King Tommen's arguments are convincing at all.  I mean he brings up that book Jeyne showing up was all happenstance in one breath an then shouts down Talisa and Robb falling for each other while she is spying on him can't be happenstance in the next breath.  Its the same thing.  In my mind the scenario where Jeyne was in on it all along is much more believable then the book where it was her mom conspiring against her daughter.  I'm hoping its set up where she starts out as a spy, falls for Robb, and then has been writing misinformation to Tywin only for it to be contradicted by Bolton, and that she isn't complicit in the RW.  In that way she can be both guilty and innocent.  It also remedies what a fish out of water Jeyne was in the book being pretty much the only black and white character. 
In some ways I think they have set her up to be like Margaery.  Remember in Margaery speech to Sansa she brings up the things wome will do to ensure the well being of their children.Margaery is doing it.  Cersei did it.  Cat did it  Grandma Tyrell will do it.  And IMO Talisa will do it also.
5795	zaphodbrx	2013-05-25	^^Agreed.
If she is a spy, then I think the best way would be for her to replace Merrett Frey the next episode.
5796	King Tommen	2013-05-25	Anyone who thinks that Jeyne Westerling in the books was an active participant in some kind of long con to screw over Robb Stark and is some kind of secret devious schemer has an overly active imagination and hasn't been reading the books very attentively.  There is zero, zero evidence of this being the case.  She's a shy, nice girl who other characters note seems to genuinely care for Robb and she is shown to be devastated and withdrawn by his death.  She's innocent and there was no great plan to seduce Robb.  Unless the Westerlings used some kind of dark magic to create the circumstances where Robb just happened to get wounded and need care at the Crag and they orchestrated him receiving the news of his brothers' "deaths" just as Jeyne happened to be around so he'd sleep with her and then feel guilty and decide to marry her the next day.  Hell of a schemer that Jeyne, she's a better ninja than Talisa is.
5797	King Tommen	2013-05-25	Also, I have both "aggressively pursued" someone I was attracted to and been pursued aggressively by someone who liked me.  I know the difference and if you care to re-watch the scenes between Robb and Talisa in S2 (although I don't recommend it on account of them being not very well written), I don't think there's any doubt that Robb is the pursuer. He searches her out on multiple occasions after they first meet.  She also has a really weird way of making an intro unless she was aware Robb would be really into curt backtalk while she was trying to do her job.  She really did her homework in her 5 year spy training course with Tywin because she figured out that Robb would get a boner from a girl emasculating him and speaking out of turn.  She's a super ninja!
5798	Rashtibram	2013-05-25	What's funny: the maker of this video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg, in the last seconds, says 'Yes this is a joke.' Pause in the final seconds.
5799	shiola	2013-05-25	I don't agree with everyone assuming that if Robb's baby dies in the show, that means it's dead in the books.  The show has taken liberties with a lot of stuff, and I kind of assume it will write its own ending at the rate ASoIaF is going-- not just in terms of the length of time it takes for the books to come out, but also all the intricacies with prophecies, history, internal monologues, the hundreds of characters in the books who cannot appear in a TV universe, etc.  To me, the show is its own thing, and nothing the show does has any bearing on future books.  But if I'm proven wrong, that's cool.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 25 May 2013 - 11:18 AM.
5800	VladofWallachia	2013-05-25	Even though I was hoping for the Jeyne escapes with Blackfish theory to be true, I really can't stand Talysa in the show anymore. I hope the bitch dies screaming.
5801	Joyful Union	2013-05-25	Even though I was hoping for the Jeyne escapes with Blackfish theory to be true, I really can't stand Talysa in the show anymore. I hope the bitch dies screaming.You might want to get yourself checked out.
5802	lunadangelo	2013-05-25	You might want to get yourself checked out. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> :Calling a human being a bitch is sad, calling a fictional character a bitch as well as wanting her to die screaming is seriously questionable.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 25 May 2013 - 03:41 PM.
5803	tmug	2013-05-25	What's funny: the maker of this video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg, in the last seconds, says 'Yes this is a joke.' Pause in the final seconds.Lol @ *swish 3:45
5804	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-25	Even though I was hoping for the Jeyne escapes with Blackfish theory to be true, I really can't stand Talysa in the show anymore. I hope the bitch dies screaming./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I hope she does first, that way I can at least be saddened by Robb's own reaction but still gleeful she's gone for good lol. I know, I know it's a bit crazy.And to those saying others have problems, I seriously doubt they've never called someone a bitch they didn't like, or never hated a fictional character before I call b.s on that.
5805	lunadangelo	2013-05-25	Admittedly, I have once called a women a bitch, but only once. Without going into the ins and outs, suffice to say that in my view she betrayed women. The term bitch similarly to the N<U+0080> word is one I do not personally approve of. It<U+0080><U+0099>s usage, can only ever be possibly considered semi-acceptable is if it is used by one female to another. Just like a white person calling a black person a n<U+0080>, a man calling a women a bitch is wholly unacceptable. Full Stop.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 25 May 2013 - 05:16 PM.
5806	flinn	2013-05-25	definitely, they need to build something up for this episode. non-book readers don't even care about Robb. I just said this in another thread. None of my friends are book readers, not a single one of them care at all about Robb. They see his story as nothing but a distraction from what is really happening. At first, when he was sweeping down with his army, they were interested, but once that stalled and it is turned into nothing but a Harlequin Romance novel, they have completely lost interest. I am pretty sure they are going to be happy when he dies so he no longer shares the screen with the rest of the cast.
5807	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-25	Admittedly, I have once called a women a bitch, but only once. Without going into the ins and outs, suffice to say that in my view she betrayed women. The term bitch similarly to the N<U+0085> word is one I do not personally approve of. It<U+0092>s usage, can only ever be possibly considered semi-acceptable is if it is used by one female to another. Just like a white person calling a black person a n<U+0085>, a man calling a women a bitch is wholly unacceptable. Full Stop.I can agree with that. It's definitely worse if a man calls a woman that than a woman to another. All I was saying was that its not 'crazy' to call someone that. I just think, in the terms of how it was mentioned in the thread, what was brought up just shows that someone is really into the series. There have been fandoms I've been really into where I hate certain characters and would love to see them die. Admittedly Talisa is one of the and I'd more than happily call her a bitch.It seems like people are getting way to worked up over what was said though. Why should they care if that other person hates Talisa and wants to see her die screaming? She's just a non fictional character, it's not like this is real life and they're saying that about an actual person. To say 'you need to get checked out' is going a little to far when it's only a show/book. That was my whole thing. I definitely wouldn't care to see that happen to someone in real life but I will be so glad if she dies at the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 25 May 2013 - 06:14 PM.
5808	Lord Tyrion's Whore	2013-05-25	I think the whole Talisa is a spy thing really silly.  If it ends up being true, I'll lose a lot of faith in this show, especially if she is actually pregnant.
And seriously, there's nothing wrong with calling a fictional character a bitch.  Some fictional characters are meant to be bitches.  I don't think Talisa is one of them, of course, and I don't really understand where all the hatred comes from, but I really don't take it very seriously, since she isn't even real.
5809	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-25	And seriously, there's nothing wrong with calling a fictional character a bitch.  Some fictional characters are meant to be bitches.  I don't think Talisa is one of them, of course, and I don't really understand where all the hatred comes from, but I really don't take it very seriously, since she isn't even real.I think a lot of the hate comes from her being to modern. That's why I don't like her anyway. She's to modern and cliche for my taste considering the setting this little 'love story' is taking place in. I do think she comes off bitchy in certain scenes tbh but that might just be my personal opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 25 May 2013 - 07:01 PM.
5810	adeadhand	2013-05-25	I don't understand the controversy is it turns out she's a honeypot. In the book her mother basically set her up to be just that.
The only difference would be her knowledge of the plot.
5811	VladofWallachia	2013-05-26	Even though I was hoping for the Jeyne escapes with Blackfish theory to be true, I really can't stand Talysa in the show anymore. I hope the bitch (nice lady who is a shittier character than Jeyne Westerling and whose scenes are disliked by Elio & Linda) dies screaming.Better? Boy, how PC can you people get? You guys have the talent to suck the life right out of anyone. Also, double standards, much? A man calling a woman bitch worse than a woman calling another woman the same? BS.Secondly, to all those who suggested that I get myself checked out because of what I said, you obviously don't get the fact that I was expressing an expectation through a crude joke. I don't call women bitches and I certainly wouldn't wish death on anyone in real life.Lastly, Talisa is just an all around bad character. She's not compelling, she's boring. Robb marrying a foreign girl with no status in Westeros who is extremely shady makes no sense (in the books the marriage with Jeyne makes perfect sense), their love story is cliche and boring (although she has a nice ass (what, am I being sexist now? Am I objectifying women now?)) and the scene with her writing to her mother was just awful. Maybe by killing her at the RW they will devote more time to developing actual important characters.That's all I had to say. May your swords never shrink (from rust)
5812	LordStoneheart	2013-05-26	definitely, they need to build something up for this episode. non-book readers don't even care about Robb.Wrong. My family loves Robb.
5813	Red Hound	2013-05-26	Even though I was hoping for the Jeyne escapes with Blackfish theory to be true, I really can't stand Talysa in the show anymore. I hope the bitch (nice lady who is a shittier character than Jeyne Westerling and whose scenes are disliked by Elio & Linda) dies screaming.How is that possible? What exactly did Jeyne do in the books? I'm not a fan of Talisa (I blame poor writing, not the character itself), but to say that...
5814	VladofWallachia	2013-05-26	How is that possible? What exactly did Jeyne do in the books? I'm not a fan of Talisa (I blame poor writing, not the character itself), but to say that...All I'm saying is that in the books the way Jeyne ended up being his wife was believable and also devious. In book 4 she shows real loyalty and love towards Robb (if that really is her and there wasn't a switch). Granted she doesn't really do much, but the way she fits into the story is very good, which makes her a good character. Meanwhile, in GoT... Hey, this foreign from Volantis randomly shows up, talks like an equal to me and thus I make her my queen, even though I risk losing one of my most powerful allies. Hurr durr.The situations in which they end up together are very different, thus making Jeyne superior to Talisa.
5815	zaphodbrx	2013-05-26	Jeyne is a very tertiary character in the books. Not much more than a plot device, to be honest.
In contrast, Talisa is a very major character. She has about 5 times more sceen time than say Catelyn or anyone else. Hell Talisa's ass alone has more sceen time than Catelyn this season.
That's why I don't think she can just die straight out. Something big is going to happen, maybe spy reveal, maybe not.
5816	Red Hound	2013-05-26	All I'm saying is that in the books the way Jeyne ended up being his wife was believable and also devious. In book 4 she shows real loyalty and love towards Robb (if that really is her and there wasn't a switch). Granted she doesn't really do much, but the way she fits into the story is very good, which makes her a good character. Meanwhile, in GoT... Hey, this foreign from Volantis randomly shows up, talks like an equal to me and thus I make her my queen, even though I risk losing one of my most powerful allies. Hurr durr.The situations in which they end up together are very different, thus making Jeyne superior to Talisa.That doesn't make her a good character in my opinion, but a good plot device. She's there to be Robb's mistake and something that people talk about and move around, but that's it. She's like a suitcase in a spies movie.Again, I'm not a fan of Talisa, but the character itself is good. About "You talk to me like an equal, I make you my queen" and "risk losing allies", this is a very common recurrence. It may sound unbelievable, but I study psychology and I also read a lot on the matter of human psychology, and this has happened to kings and queens, emperors, tough teachers, high military officers, etc.Someone is stronger than them, so that person is already different and charming. It takes away some pressure and lets the "king" relax and take a different role, even a bit on the regressive side. And when this strong person becomes infatuated, nothing else matters, they become isolated, all their decisions are made having the other person in mind, etc.This behaviour happens in both sexes as well.
5817	Joyful Union	2013-05-26	Jeyne is a very tertiary character in the books. Not much more than a plot device, to be honest.In contrast, Talisa is a very major character. She has about 5 times more sceen time than say Catelyn or anyone else. Hell Talisa's ass alone has more sceen time than Catelyn this season.That's why I don't think she can just die straight out. Something big is going to happen, maybe spy reveal, maybe not.OK, so this is just ridiculous. Talisa is definitely there moe than Jeyne that's for sure but, Catelyn has had more screentime then Talisa this season, even if its only by about 10 seconds. Talisa really isnt a major character. Most of the time she's just in the backround, and she's only been in about 10 episodes.
5818	VladofWallachia	2013-05-26	That doesn't make her a good character in my opinion, but a good plot device. She's there to be Robb's mistake and something that people talk about and move around, but that's it. She's like a suitcase in a spies movie.Again, I'm not a fan of Talisa, but the character itself is good. About "You talk to me like an equal, I make you my queen" and "risk losing allies", this is a very common recurrence. It may sound unbelievable, but I study psychology and I also read a lot on the matter of human psychology, and this has happened to kings and queens, emperors, tough teachers, high military officers, etc.Someone is stronger than them, so that person is already different and charming. It takes away some pressure and lets the "king" relax and take a different role, even a bit on the regressive side.And when this strong person becomes infatuated, nothing else matters, they become isolated, all their decisions are made having the other person in mind, etc.This behaviour happens in both sexes as well.Yes, that happens. However, due to the fact that Robb is Ned's son and Catelyn reflects in the books about how he has inherited his sense of duty and honor (a point which I think has come up during the show), him marrying Talisa is completely contrary to his character. Ned wouldn't forsake his vow, thus Robb wouldn't either.With Jeyne, it's quite a different matter. They end up in bed together because she's been taking care of him, he finds out about Winterfell and one thing leads to another and the only reason he marries her is for her honor. In the show, he's pissed off because Catelyn let Jaime go and thus has some comfort sex with Talisa.You may say that "Yea, but Ned had a bastard", however, depending on whether L+R=J is true or not... Anyway...
5819	Red Hound	2013-05-26	Yes, that happens. However, due to the fact that Robb is Ned's son and Catelyn reflects in the books about how he has inherited his sense of duty and honor (a point which I think has come up during the show), him marrying Talisa is completely contrary to his character. Ned wouldn't forsake his vow, thus Robb wouldn't either.With Jeyne, it's quite a different matter. They end up in bed together because she's been taking care of him, he finds out about Winterfell and one thing leads to another and the only reason he marries her is for her honor. In the show, he's pissed off because Catelyn let Jaime go and thus has some comfort sex with Talisa.You may say that "Yea, but Ned had a bastard", however, depending on whether L+R=J is true or not... Anyway...That's a very valid point and I have no argument against it, as I agree it's a problem, but it's a show-Robb's characterization problem, not so much about Talisa. The entire Robb plot has greatly suffered, so this is yet another flaw. If I were to design the plot and told "It has to be Talisa", I'd have kept the introduction of Talisa and all the same, but I'd have made it that they would fall in love like Robb did with Jeyne in the books, after being attended from a battle-wound. The problem is that there's no time to have Robb recovering from wounds, he has to move there and there (never outside his tent though...) to keep the plot advancing.Maybe your problem with Talisa is not exactly Talisa, but Robb's portrayal having suffered due to lack of screentime?
5820	go joff go	2013-05-26	I'll never understand the people who say stuff like the way it happened in the book is more believable.  I think some of the book readers need to accept that they take what happens in the book as cannon and then maybe subconsiously convince themselves that the book way is "more believable" when its not..
5821	Joyful Union	2013-05-26	Yes, that happens. However, due to the fact that Robb is Ned's son and Catelyn reflects in the books about how he has inherited his sense of duty and honor (a point which I think has come up during the show), him marrying Talisa is completely contrary to his character. Ned wouldn't forsake his vow, thus Robb wouldn't either.With Jeyne, it's quite a different matter. They end up in bed together because she's been taking care of him, he finds out about Winterfell and one thing leads to another and the only reason he marries her is for her honor. In the show, he's pissed off because Catelyn let Jaime go and thus has some comfort sex with Talisa.Ned would have married the Frey girl, because it is a much more honourable choice. Robb's choice in the book and the show is very dishonourable, even if it was a nice thing to do for Jeyne.
5822	King of the Road	2013-05-26	Yes, that happens. However, due to the fact that Robb is Ned's son and Catelyn reflects in the books about how he has inherited his sense of duty and honor (a point which I think has come up during the show), him marrying Talisa is completely contrary to his character. Ned wouldn't forsake his vow, thus Robb wouldn't either.With Jeyne, it's quite a different matter. They end up in bed together because she's been taking care of him, he finds out about Winterfell and one thing leads to another and the only reason he marries her is for her honor. In the show, he's pissed off because Catelyn let Jaime go and thus has some comfort sex with Talisa.You may say that "Yea, but Ned had a bastard", however, depending on whether L+R=J is true or not... Anyway...It was comfort sex in the books as well as the show, and married largely for love in the case of both Jeyne and Talisa. Robb dishonoured himself in both cases.
5823	Rashtibram	2013-05-26	Honestly, I fully supported their decision to make Robb's love interest a better character, or even just more of a love interest. Having a tragic romance was a good idea for him, but Talisa is just taking up too much screen time. We need more northerners around robb, and less of his wife, mom, and uncles. I really hope Talisa dies, personally, not because I hate her character but because it would make the RW more emotional.
5824	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-26	I'll never understand the people who say stuff like the way it happened in the book is more believable.  I think some of the book readers need to accept that they take what happens in the book as cannon and then maybe subconsiously convince themselves that the book way is "more believable" when its not..So basically a way to modern girl talking back to a king, of all people, and barging into tents is way more believable than the books? His decision to marry in both is not very smart, but at least book wise his reason for it is more 'honorable' and 'Stark like' in comparison.If I were to design the plot and told "It has to be Talisa", I'd have kept the introduction of Talisa and all the same, but I'd have made it that they would fall in love like Robb did with Jeyne in the books, after being attended from a battle-wound. The problem is that there's no time to have Robb recovering from wounds, he has to move there and there (never outside his tent though...) to keep the plot advancing.Why? A lot of people's gripe, from what I've heard and read, is the fact of her talking back so much which doesn't really fit in a setting such as this. It's way to modern. I agree making it more about love was a good option and yes I admit I hate how her character made Robb's arc and characterization suffer, but my problem with Talisa herself is the fact she's to modern thinking for a setting such as ASoIaF.I won't go and say Jeyne is better than her, even if I do think it, but at least Jeyne fit within the context of the society which things are set in. Talisa acts like Dany and Breenie yet she has no power whatsoever to back it up, like they do, which just makes it even worse IMO.
5825	King Tommen	2013-05-26	I find that many people are taking the first couple scenes Talisa had with Robb way back in S2 and hanging on to that characterization without really looking at what the character is now.  How is she "modern"?  She's dutiful, understanding, supportive and clearly cares for Robb.  If you just pretend the scene where she gets short with him when chopping off the guy's leg didn't happen, then I don't really see what the complaints are.
In no way does she force herself on Robb or seduce him.  He's the one smitten with her for whatever reason and pursues her fairly relentlessly after they first meet.  I can't understand why anyone watching her this season would characterize her as a "bitch" or "annoying".  She's been anything but.  I find her to be a fairly sympathetic (if underdeveloped) character.  I imagine that most people that aren't bringing their book "adaptation" baggage into watching the show would be genuinely sad to see her die.
And let's call a spade a spade.  Jeyne Westerling in the books was a cipher with no personality who was barely allowed to talk or display any kind of personality.  There is no way any reader should have developed any kind of attachment to her at all, considering that GRRM clearly didn't give a shit about her as a person since she her main purpose was to be a plot point.
5826	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-26	Haven't you ever heard of first impressions? Her first couple scenes where we meet her are what made me hate her to begin with. It's kind of hard to forget the vibe you get from someone after first being introduced to them. I wouldn't say she seduced Robb, and never have tried to say that, but she does in fact barge into his tent a couple times like she's allowed to do such things. This season? I agree she is a tiny bit less annoying, but still so because she takes up screen time that's better spent on Cat who's had hardly any, but I think it's a agree to disagree because the Lannister boys scene I thought she was a bitch. I know some people think she was being kind to them but I got the impression she was looking down on them. And tbh, I always got the impression she acted uppity since season two from the way she composed herself and the facial exp<b></b>ressions the actress chose to make. But I think I'll just chalk that up to the prejudice 'highborns are normally snobby'.Personally I find it annoying such a minor character gets more screen time than a pov character. Talisa's ass probably had about as much screen time as Cat did this season.ETA; I don't think a lot of tv only viewers like Talisa either. From what I've read on this site it seems people's Unsullied friends don't care for her or Robb and their more interested in others story lines. Say what you may about how intelligent Robb looks in marrying Jeyne but you can't tell me tv only viewers don't think he's an idiot for marrying Talisa. I'm sure some will be sad for her death but just from who I know the general impression I've gotten is a lot of people don't care for her. But.. I'm sure seeing someone die will still be sad no matter how much you hate the character. (With the exception of Joffrey.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 26 May 2013 - 11:45 AM.
5827	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-26	Oh I think there will be plenty of people who will be upset about both Robb AND Talisa. I know some TV show only fans who really like both of them..... Will be interesting to see their reactions next week /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
5828	Son of Dragons	2013-05-26	I think I'll even be a little upset. I know Talisa isn't a book character, but it still felt like genuine ASOIAF to me. It felt right to the lore. Would I have wished that they stuck to the source material, of course. But now they didn't. The worst the now could do actually is let her live lol.
5829	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-26	I would be surprised if she did live, I think that it's likely her whole 'story' has been added to give an extra punch to the RW. Cause, y'know, it was too cheery beforehand lol
5830	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-26	Oh I'm sure people will be. I bet even people who dislike Talisa won't like seeing her possibly die some horrible death. I know I wouldn't want to see it even though I'd be happy never to see the annoying character again. I'll just be glad the butchering of Robb and Cat is finally almost over. The worst they could do now is somehow unrealistically have Talisa live. I think I'd be most upset if she lived since it kind of takes away from the RW if all these people manage to escape. (I just don't want BF to die lol.)
5831	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-26	I agree, I think Talisa should die also, not because I hate her, but I think it would just make the scene more powerful, ultimately. Also will make rewatching season 2 and 3 all the more heartbreaking.
5832	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-26	I agree, I think Talisa should die also, not because I hate her, but I think it would just make the scene more powerful, ultimately. Also will make rewatching season 2 and 3 all the more heartbreaking.True. Well I don't want her to die just because I hate her. (Which I really do. She is the most modern character in the setting IMO. And it's annoying.) but also because I don't see her serving a further purpose. I would have liked Jeyne to be pregnant in the books or have some importance later on, but Talisa being at the RW kind of made me loose all hope of that and I don't see the point in the character living past the RW. Plus her dying while pregnant with Robb's heir will definitely add a bit more impact.
5833	Son of Dragons	2013-05-26	True. Well I don't want her to die just because I hate her. (Which I really do. She is the most modern character in the setting IMO. And it's annoying.) but also because I don't see her serving a further purpose. I would have liked Jeyne to be pregnant in the books or have some importance later on, but Talisa being at the RW kind of made me loose all hope of that and I don't see the point in the character living past the RW. Plus her dying while pregnant with Robb's heir will definitely add a bit more impact. Definately agree, though I didn't really hate her.
5834	go joff go	2013-05-26	Haven't you ever heard of first impressions? Her first couple scenes where we meet her are what made me hate her to begin with. It's kind of hard to forget the vibe you get from someone after first being introduced to them. I wouldn't say she seduced Robb, and never have tried to say that, but she does in fact barge into his tent a couple times like she's allowed to do such things. This season? I agree she is a tiny bit less annoying, but still so because she takes up screen time that's better spent on Cat who's had hardly any, but I think it's a agree to disagree because the Lannister boys scene I thought she was a bitch. I know some people think she was being kind to them but I got the impression she was looking down on them. And tbh, I always got the impression she acted uppity since season two from the way she composed herself and the facial expressions the actress chose to make. But I think I'll just chalk that up to the prejudice 'highborns are normally snobby'.Personally I find it annoying such a minor character gets more screen time than a pov character. Talisa's ass probably had about as much screen time as Cat did this season.ETA; I don't think a lot of tv only viewers like Talisa either. From what I've read on this site it seems people's Unsullied friends don't care for her or Robb and their more interested in others story lines. Say what you may about how intelligent Robb looks in marrying Jeyne but you can't tell me tv only viewers don't think he's an idiot for marrying Talisa. I'm sure some will be sad for her death but just from who I know the general impression I've gotten is a lot of people don't care for her. But.. I'm sure seeing someone die will still be sad no matter how much you hate the character. (With the exception of Joffrey.)There suppose to see him as a idiot for marrying her, not really different from seeing Ned as an  idiot for his noble intentions.  The reason people don't see that is b/c they see him through Cat's POV.  But once we heard Bolton's side of the story, he didn't seem like such a great leader after all.While I disagree with a lot of what King Tommen is saying I do agree with not really understanding why people are paiting book and show Jeyne as these wildly different characters.  Except for Talisa's first scene she has basciallly been demure and clueless nurse (even if I think the clueless part is an act.) People just want it both ways.  They want to capture the Robb arc that never really occured on page anyway, while omitting the Jeyne arc also never really happened.  I agree that at times the pendulum has swung too far to focusing on the relationship, but if people are being honest they really wanted JEyne to pop in bat her eyes at Robb, Robb take her in a wild fit of lust, marry her, and then never see her again.  Ya'll can argue that its the "depiction" of Jeyne that you don't like, but I don't believe it.  Its book purism plain and simple.
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 26 May 2013 - 02:53 PM.
5835	HopeForSpring	2013-05-26	I think Talisa will be a Dacey Mormont sub in this scene. They'll be dancing when the music stops.  I think she has to die b/c she's pregnant and Jeyne Westerling wasn't, it seems.  If she doesn't die, I think it lends credence to Jeyne Westerling was pregnant meme.
I don't know if I think we'll see a Robb Jr. though. It almost seems like the best thing if she lives is for Talisa to try to go on home to Volantis and not tell anyone who her Baby-Daddy is. Safer for them both. Live happily ever after in obscurity and avoid the Game of Thrones all together.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 26 May 2013 - 03:17 PM.
5836	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-26	While I disagree with a lot of what King Tommen is saying I do agree with not really understanding why people are paiting book and show Jeyne as these wildly different characters.  Except for Talisa's first scene she has basciallly been demure and clueless nurse (even if I think the clueless part is an act.) People just want it both ways.  They want to capture the Robb arc that never really occured on page anyway, while omitting the Jeyne arc also never really happened.  I agree that at times the pendulum has swung too far to focusing on the relationship, but if people are being honest they really wanted JEyne to pop in bat her eyes at Robb, Robb take her in a wild fit of lust, marry her, and then never see her again.  Ya'll can argue that its the "depiction" of Jeyne that you don't like, but I don't believe it.  Its book purism plain and simple.I find it very insulting that every time someone dislikes a change it is always said that its book purism. People not liking the Renly's peach thing, yeah that's a bit to far IMO. I like changes when they're good but this change just wasn't very good Talisa is more outspoken then Jeyne and I see her as more outgoing as well. Those two things are big personality differences. But book Jeyne I can't see barging into tents and questioning people every chance she gets, because women don't act like that in this time setting. (Granted there are a couple like Breenie and Dany, and Cersei but they're kind of exceptions because they have power and/or are warriors). This love story is way to modern and cliche for my taste but to say oh I'd rather a girl bat their lashes and Robb suddenly fall in love with them is about as ridiculous as it gets. If they hadn't made her so modern and annoying on top of cliche and it was actually good writing and a good change, I might have liked it.So yes all of you tv apologists need to stop chalking up ever little nitpick as book purism. There's a lot of good changes but Talisa is just not one of them, at least as far as I'm concerned. D&D just aren't good writers when it comes to women that aren't 'badass' plain and simple. There's a difference between good adaptation and ones that aren't. For the most part the series is good but it does have it's flaws and to throw 'oh book purist' in people's faces for not liking Talisa? That's idiotic.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 26 May 2013 - 03:27 PM.
5837	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-05-26	definitely, they need to build something up for this episode. non-book readers don't even care about Robb.thats not true i started reading after seson 2 (i dont read much and hate fantasy /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)  and Robb was my favorite /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  so yea after RW im kinda Arya/Jon/Tyrion
5838	silentwanderer	2013-05-26	I agree, I think Talisa should die also, not because I hate her, but I think it would just make the scene more powerful, ultimately. I think Talisa should die because the death of a pregnant noble woman from Volantis should force the Free Cities to rise against the Lannisters.The "enemy of my enemy" would put them immediately on Daenerys's side.
5839	lunadangelo	2013-05-26	I think Talisa should die because the death of a pregnant noble woman from Volantis should force the Free Cities to rise against the Lannisters.The "enemy of my enemy" would put them immediately on Daenerys's side.Interesting thought. Having said that, Daenarys is killing their kind of people e.g. the slave traders and thus destroying their way of life. Nonetheless, I like the notion that either way her death would have some repercussions.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 26 May 2013 - 03:40 PM.
5840	silentwanderer	2013-05-26	Remember: All the slaves of Volantis are still waiting for Daenerys on the books. The last thing they told Tyrion to tell her was to hurry up.
Not to mention, the slave owners and the slave traders are not  necessarily the same thing, nor should be their reasons to join Daenerys's cause on the show.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 26 May 2013 - 03:44 PM.
5841	lunadangelo	2013-05-26	I do remember the conversation Tyrion had with the old Lady in Volantis and have often thought about how the support of the slaves from Volantis and particularly this Lady, who seems quite powerful and influential, may play out in the future.Whilst I agree that there is a difference between slave owners and slave traders, both exploit slaves. I would suggest that from a slaves point of view the distinction between professions makes little if any difference and nor does it seem to Dany. If I recall correctly, Dany told the Unsullied to kill slave owners in Astapor (I may be wrong) . Similarly, both those owning slaves as well as those trading, one would imagine, depend on slaves for their livelihoods. So that both would equally loathe Dany's actions and fear her.Now a possiblity would be that Talisa's parents are abolitionists, but if so why did she run away to Westoros.As I said, I like your idea, just thinking about the possibilities.PS:  I can't remember the history of the tigers and the elephants. Talisa's last name is the same as one of the Triachs, I think. I will read up on it. That may be of some significance.PS: Just checked, and it would appear that one of the Triachs is called Maegyr, also Talis's last name. he is a Tiger ...... and here is the link to himhttp://awoiaf.wester...dex.php/Malaquoand one about tigers in generalhttp://awoiaf.wester...The_Tiger_partyBoth would seem to suggest that if indeed Talisa is related, she comes from a family that strongly believes in slavery and has been practising it for a long time.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 26 May 2013 - 04:37 PM.
5842	HTN02	2013-05-26	check the intro at 0:40:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=nJgKy_0VDb4Oona Chaplin has 2 tigers in front of her name. http://awoiaf.wester.../Malaquo_Maegyrindicates he is of the tiger party. i would asume that the 2 tigers make a very fitting familycrest for them both.
5843	lunadangelo	2013-05-26	check the intro at 0:40:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=nJgKy_0VDb4Oona Chaplin has 2 tigers in front of her name.I can't actually see that but if you are right It could imply all sort of things.
5844	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-26	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=phEdixwld-0Interview with Oona Chaplin. If she's a spy, she's an INCREDIBLE liar. From the interview: I reckon Talisa dies.
5845	Jon Icefyre	2013-05-26	I'd prefer it if Talysa dies with the rest of them other than Edmure and Blackfish, I just feel like her storyline has run its course at this point.......
5846	flinn	2013-05-26	I think Jeyne is pregnant. I think the mother made a move for power and didn't think it through. When she finds out that Jeyne is pregnant, she then has to protect her by saying she is not. Jeyne will have the baby (stay alive) and then the Westerlings have a bargaining chip.
5847	Tori Targaryen	2013-05-26	I think Talisa should die because the death of a pregnant noble woman from Volantis should force the Free Cities to rise against the Lannisters.The "enemy of my enemy" would put them immediately on Daenerys's side.Interesting idea
5848	Conchobar	2013-05-27	Maybe they will do something awful to her like have her raped before they kill her? I dunno if that would work at all on screen tbh, I think it would be better if she just died.
5849	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-27	I think Jeyne is pregnant. I think the mother made a move for power and didn't think it through. When she finds out that Jeyne is pregnant, she then has to protect her by saying she is not. Jeyne will have the baby (stay alive) and then the Westerlings have a bargaining chip.I don't think Tywin would take a chance on her being pregnant - she dies.
5850	Conchobar	2013-05-27	I can't actually see that but if you are right It could imply all sort of things.Like what? I am genuinely interested, because I haven't a clue myself /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5851	lunadangelo	2013-05-27	You got me. Okay, so for instance IF Talisa survives and IF is the daughter of this Triach and ran away from her family, then she may be of value to Tywin. Not only could he get money for her but he could ransom her for the promise of support from Volantis against Dany. This could lead to a revolution in Volantis.  Or as IF she dies it could lead Volantis to consider some kind of retribution. May be  (although I realise this is very far fetched.) the Triachs of Volantis have some kind of pact with Tywin. Unfortunately my imagination is not all that.
In any case, I do think that having two fighting tigers in front of her name in the credits does have some kind of significance. What that may be is anybody's guess.
5852	ugashep	2013-05-27	check the intro at 0:40:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=nJgKy_0VDb4Oona Chaplin has 2 tigers in front of her name. I just looked, I do think you are right.
5853	ugashep	2013-05-27	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=phEdixwld-0Interview with Oona Chaplin. If she's a spy, she's an INCREDIBLE liar. Incredible liars do exist and they aren't nearly as rare as wargs in Westeros, she is an actress don't forget, from a family very famous for their chops.
5854	CtrlAltDel	2013-05-27	I read in another thread that she could take the place of Dacey Mormont. Have her dance with Robb, ask a Frey to dance, who in turn responds with anger, Cat notices, walks over and grabs his arm, feels the chainmail, tells Talisa to run, and as she gets to the door a bunch of armored Freys and Boltons bust in and bury an axe in her pregnant belly. it just makes too much sense. I'd be shocked if this isn't the way they go with it.That's where my money lies - Talisa being merged with Dacey Mormont.
5855	Magjee	2013-05-27	I think TV Talysa dies or is exposed as an agent for Tywin, unless the Jeyne theories turn out to be true.
This is kinda fun, the show will help reveal the books.
5856	King Tommen	2013-05-27	Although there are certainly deviations that the show takes away from the books, they have been very careful to keep all the major plotlines and characters working towards the same endpoint as they do in the books.  They may take some different routes to get there but to this point, everyone on the show is more or less following the path they need to be on to get where they should be in the books.  Even when show characters are killed or omitted on the show where they remain alive in the books, you can clearly see that another character is being merged or taking on the role.  For example, Missandei can take on whatever role Irri plays, Kovarro replaced Rakharo, they can just have another random singer do what Marillion does later one etc.  If the show only cared about setting off on their own story and ignoring what happens later in the books, they would not continue to go to the trouble of meeting with GRRM constantly to ask him about where his story is set to go.
But there are some characters that you can't merge or write around.  So if they are important to the future books, then we'll see the show maintain this consistency within the show.  Talisa (who is filling the Jeyne Westerling role) is one of those characters.  If Jeyne's story and/or whether or not she is carrying Robb's child is still relevant in TWoW and beyond, then the show will have to find a way to keep her alive.  You can't merge the role of Robb's widow with another character or have someone else come in later to fill in the blanks.
So to me, Talisa's fate is tied to how important she is to future events in ASOIAF.  If GRRM means to not deal with her again, then it probably stands to reason that Talisa dies at the RW because there's no point in keeping her around and it's a far more dramatic way to say goodbye to the character than have her rot at Riverrun and barely mentioned ever again.
I think it's curious to see that barring a last minute trip back to Riverrun, that it appears the Blackfish will be attending the RW.  I think the odds are much stronger that the Blackfish still has a relatively big part to play in the saga so I have a hard time believing he'd be killed at the RW.  Which leaves two possibilities: he either escapes somehow or he's captured.
If he escapes, I think it's probably with Talisa because there would be no other reason to include that development if it weren't to get her out of there and back to Riverrun so they could reset to the book narrative and build up their future protector/father figure relationship.  Dramatically, they wouldn't just have him escaping on his own since it would be against his character to just abandon Robb to save himself.  He would only be compelled to leave if ordered by Robb in order to save his wife and unborn child.  If he was just going to get out by himself, they wouldn't have even bothered to have him attend, he could have just stayed back at Riverrun as he did in the books.
If he's captured, then the idea is probably for him to fill the Greatjon role and be the loyal bannerman who needs to be subdued (but not without a fight).  This is a possibility since they have given him a little more of a gruffer personality and even some of the Greatjon actions (punching Karstark when he mouths off Robb for example).  So they could just be looking to have him fill that role.  If they wanted to reset to the book narrative, they'd have to write around that later on to somehow get him back to Riverrun but it could be done.  I still think the first option is more likely.
And what to make of Talisa telling Robb she's pregnant? To me, it's a big deal and probably an important development.  It is possible that they're doing this simply to have her death at the RW be more tragic but the RW is overflowing with miserable things happening to the Starks, is it entirely necessary for Robb to have to witness his wife and unborn child be butchered before going down on top of everything else? It seems awfully excessive... Remember that GRRM wrote the scene on the show where Talisa tells Robb of this and of course he's going by outlines set out by D&D but I think it would be incredibly odd to have this happen if it was not the case in the books.  There is no good reason to introduce this development on the show unless Jeyne is actually pregnant in the books.  It's too big of a change and sets things on a way different path that would be way too hard to write around to get back on track.
So I guess you either fall into 2 camps (I don't include the "Talisa is a spy" camp because that's ridiculous beyond words): either D&D felt that the RW wasn't tragic enough so they believed subjecting Robb and Cat to the death of Talisa and Robb's unborn child was necessary or they wanted to reveal to the audience a development that GRRM would be bringing up down the road and develop Talisa a little bit more as a result because they knew she'd still have a part to play.
5857	ugashep	2013-05-27	King Tommen, you are right that Talisa's fate will tell us a lot. I don't think the spy theory is any crazier than some of the other speculation about Jeyne though, hell we know Jeyne's mother colludes with Tywin in the books and was of Voluntene blood, it's not any wilder to speculate that they've consolidated characters and made Talisa the co-conspirator than it is to speculate the Jeyne actually was pregnant and has this great future with the Blackfish.  Again, I am excited to see how it plays out on the show, because either way hopefully it will be a death to either the death of at least one or two of the theories about Talisa/Jeyne.
5858	go joff go	2013-05-27	Its going to be funny when they go with plan E and just not tell us what happens with Talisa and we won't know anymore then we already knew.
5859	King Tommen	2013-05-27	King Tommen, you are right that Talisa's fate will tell us a lot. I don't think the spy theory is any crazier than some of the other speculation about Jeyne though, hell we know Jeyne's mother colludes with Tywin in the books and was of Voluntene blood, it's not any wilder to speculate that they've consolidated characters and made Talisa the co-conspirator than it is to speculate the Jeyne actually was pregnant and has this great future with the Blackfish.  Again, I am excited to see how it plays out on the show, because either way hopefully it will be a death to either the death of at least one or two of the theories about Talisa/Jeyne.Here's the problem with this thinking though: in the books, the part that Jeyne's mother plays in the downfall of Robb Stark is extremely minimal.  And in fact, if you take away her actions, you get the exact same result.  Robb banging this girl and then marrying her out of guilt or honour or whatever happened was independent of any kind of "scheme" perpetrated by the Westerlings.  If you told this exact same story but had Jeyne's mother do nothing, you get the same result.  Which is I'm sure why when D&D looked at this storyline and ways they could possibly simplify it, they recognized that all they needed was for Robb to marry another girl and break his betrothal.  The girl being from a house sworn to the Lannister's wasn't necessary, and neither was her or her family being complicit in any plot against Robb.  The Bolton's, Lannister's and Frey's are the conspirators who matter, the Westerlings don't.The only real devious action that Jeyne's mother takes is to supposedly give Jeyne the moon tea after the marriage so she wouldn't get pregnant. And if, for example it's revealed in TWoW that it didn't work (or her mom couldn't go through with it and lied about it, or Robb knocked her up when he grief-banged her before the marriage) and Jeyne got pregnant anyways, then why even go to the trouble of involving them in the conspiracy plot on the show?Secondly, making Talisa a conspirator from the get-go is a massive deviation.  it changes the entire agency of the story and puts the betrayal almost exclusively on her.  If she reveals that she did all of this to fuck over Robb and have him and his mother and army killed, she instantly becomes one of the biggest villains on the show.  That doesn't line up with anything that goes on in the books.  Jeyne Westerling is innocent, not a knowing participant in Robb's demise. For any of the "Talisa is a spy" theories to work, you've got to have her being in on everything and continuing to inform on Robb even after they're married (meaning she's just deep undercover and pretending to have feelings for him).  First of all, there's zero motivation provided for why she would do this.  She's initiating a grand massacre and bringing down an entire group of Northerners for what reason exactly? And if she's a spy, she's now gone the extra mile to just being outright cruel and vindictive by lying to Robb about being pregnant which serves no end other than to inflict more misery on him before he dies.  It doesn't make one iota of sense.
5860	go joff go	2013-05-27	So what if she starts out a spy and changed her mind.  How would you feel about that.   You keep saying everything had to be plotted out point by point when that isn't the case.  What if she starts out a spy and then the rest just sort of happened?
5861	ugashep	2013-05-27	King Tommen, as I said, one way or another this next episode should kill at least one of the memes, and for that I am truly thankful.
5862	shiola	2013-05-27	I would be surprised if she did live, I think that it's likely her whole 'story' has been added to give an extra punch to the RW. Cause, y'know, it was too cheery beforehand lolHahahaha, I agree with your sentiment.  Love your icon by the way-- gorgeous.My money is on Talisa taking a sword right in the tummy, where Robb's unborn child is forming.  That's gruesome and sick, and just the thing the RW needs on TV to make up for the deaths of the book exclusive characters we loved (though I understand why they aren't on the show).Just realized the Dacey thing was mentioned upthread-- that's what I was saying as well.
					
					
							Edited by shiola, 27 May 2013 - 12:12 PM.
5863	King Tommen	2013-05-27	So what if she starts out a spy and changed her mind.  How would you feel about that.   You keep saying everything had to be plotted out point by point when that isn't the case.  What if she starts out a spy and then the rest just sort of happened?And so she fell in love with Robb and is pregnant with his child and just felt like she shouldn't tell him that Tywin has inside info on his movements and that they could very well be compromised?  And has the show given you any scenes indicating that she at some point had a change of heart or is conflicted about what she's doing in any way?  Isn't the whole theory that she's constantly writing letters to Tywin and everyone got all hot and bothered in the scene a couple episodes ago where she was writing to her mother in high Valyrian which meant she was still conspiring?And what exactly would be the point if she was a spy before she fell in love with him and then stopped being one? What purpose would that serve? You may as well not even go down that road if you were going to drop it that quickly.  She would have been doing a pretty shitty job of spying at that time since Robb was continuing to mop the floor with Tywin's armies at every turn while that was happening.Nothing about the theory makes sense no matter which way you want to parse it in your head.  Nothing.
5864	silentwanderer	2013-05-27	I do remember the conversation Tyrion had with the old Lady in Volantis and have often thought about how the support of the slaves from Volantis and particularly this Lady, who seems quite powerful and influential, may play out in the future.The show may want to skip the distinction and make everyone in the Free Cities as eager for Dany's return as the people from Dorne are on the books.Especially if most slave owners from Volantis are like Lady Talisa,  that way  I could picture her death enraging them enough to back up their slaves in the rise against the Iron Throne.Daenerys should count on the same allies waiting for her in the latest book, albeit the lesson would be that not all slave owners are like Yunkai's.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 27 May 2013 - 01:35 PM.
5865	lunadangelo	2013-05-27	The show may want to skip the distinction and make everyone in the Free Cities as eager for Dany's return as the people from Dorne are on the books.Especially if most slave owners from Volantis are like Lady Talisa,  that way  I could picture her death enraging them enough to back up their slaves in the rise against the Iron Throne.Daenerys should count on the same allies waiting for her in the latest book, albeit the lesson would be that not all slave owners are like Yunkai's.I agree, that certainly is a possibility but I personally would find that unrealistic for the above mentioned reason. Moreover, the aforementioned Triach, if I recall correctly, tried to hire the Golden Company to protect Volantis from Dany.As for all the naysayers, your points are good, no doubt. But as a reader who loves to speculate and tries to find hints / red herrings, well, I would like to be able to continue to speculate so ..........Is it not exactly the fact that not everything is known and  that things do not always turn out they way we expect that makes these books so exceptional?
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 27 May 2013 - 03:02 PM.
5866	go joff go	2013-05-27	And so she fell in love with Robb and is pregnant with his child and just felt like she shouldn't tell him that Tywin has inside info on his movements and that they could very well be compromised?  And has the show given you any scenes indicating that she at some point had a change of heart or is conflicted about what she's doing in any way?  Isn't the whole theory that she's constantly writing letters to Tywin and everyone got all hot and bothered in the scene a couple episodes ago where she was writing to her mother in high Valyrian which meant she was still conspiring?And what exactly would be the point if she was a spy before she fell in love with him and then stopped being one? What purpose would that serve? You may as well not even go down that road if you were going to drop it that quickly.  She would have been doing a pretty shitty job of spying at that time since Robb was continuing to mop the floor with Tywin's armies at every turn while that was happening.Nothing about the theory makes sense no matter which way you want to parse it in your head.  Nothing.Hey now, you are the same guy who was proposing that Dagmer was actaully Ramsey Bolton last year with far less information, so there is no reason to be so offended by this stuff.  As for motive the same motive that many characters have found themselves.  The belief that you are doing something for one cause only to realize your committment to that cause isn't so airtight.  Not so different from Theon, Brienne, down the road Tyrion.
5867	lunadangelo	2013-05-27	Hey now, you are the same guy who was proposing that Dagmer was actaully Ramsey Bolton last year with far less information, so there is no reason to be so offended by this stuff.  As for motive the same motive that many characters have found themselves.  The belief that you are doing something for one cause only to realize your committment to that cause isn't so airtight.  Not so different from Theon, Brienne, down the road Tyrion.Very well expressed and kind of funny. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 27 May 2013 - 03:10 PM.
5868	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-27	Really, no one who came with the absurdity of Dagmer/Ramsay should be commenting about any theory being too unrealistic/outlandish.  Frankly, that is about as wacky as it gets, with the possible exception of Ros as fake Arya.
5869	go joff go	2013-05-27	Ros as fake Arya is still in play.  That might have been a fake Ros that Joffrey killed.
					
					
							Edited by go joff go, 27 May 2013 - 03:25 PM.
5870	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-27	The spy theory and Ros as F Arya is probably the worst theories I've heard for this season. No. Scratch that. Talisa Stoneheart is just as horrible.
5871	silentwanderer	2013-05-27	The show may want to skip the distinction and make everyone in the Free Cities as eager for Dany's return as the people from Dorne are on the books.Especially if most slave owners from Volantis are like Lady Talisa,  that way  I could picture her death enraging them enough to back up their slaves in the rise against the Iron Throne.Daenerys should count on the same allies waiting for her in the latest book, albeit the lesson would be that not all slave owners are like Yunkai's.I agree, that certainly is a possibility but I personally would find that unrealistic for the above mentioned reason. Moreover, the aforementioned Triach, if I recall correctly, tried to hire the Golden Company to protect Volantis from Dany.I'm not talking  about the Triarch but the Martell from Dorne and Jon Connigton's men.I could add Victarion's fleet and the Company Tyrion signed a contract with too, but the ones in the slave zone are the first two.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 27 May 2013 - 03:33 PM.
5872	lunadangelo	2013-05-27	I'm not talking  about the Triarch but the Martell from Dorne and Jon Connigton's men.I could add Victarion's fleet and the Company Tyrion signed a contract with too, but the ones in the slave zone are the first two.I am not sure I am following you. Are you suggesting that there is no slavery in Volantis and therefore their society is similar to Dorne's?
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 27 May 2013 - 03:39 PM.
5873	King Tommen	2013-05-27	Hey now, you are the same guy who was proposing that Dagmer was actaully Ramsey Bolton last year with far less information, so there is no reason to be so offended by this stuff.  As for motive the same motive that many characters have found themselves.  The belief that you are doing something for one cause only to realize your committment to that cause isn't so airtight.  Not so different from Theon, Brienne, down the road Tyrion.Oh yeah, the Ramsay/Dagmer thing. I certainly didn't propose it but for a while, I did subscribe to it as a possibility. I jumped off the bandwagon closer to the end of the season though when I had more information.  The only reason I got wrapped up in it was because I could not reconcile how they would be showing the razing of Winterfell, have Roose tell Robb that his bastard was on the way to retake Winterfell and knowing that they had not cast an actor to play Ramsay in S2.  That was the only explanation I could think of (it didn't occur to me for some time that they wouldn't even bother introducing Ramsay and leave the entire thing a mystery).  In any case, that theory was dead wrong so I learned my lesson to not read into tiny little things on the show to the degree that people were doing.  The show doesn't function that way and at this point in its production, we should be more in tune with that.
5874	ugashep	2013-05-27	Hey now, you are the same guy who was proposing that Dagmer was actaully Ramsey Bolton last year with far less information, so there is no reason to be so offended by this stuff.  As for motive the same motive that many characters have found themselves.  The belief that you are doing something for one cause only to realize your committment to that cause isn't so airtight.  Not so different from Theon, Brienne, down the road Tyrion.Haha, what "hey aren't you the guy who got beat up by ________ in the third grade" moment.
					
					
							Edited by ugashep, 27 May 2013 - 05:21 PM.
5875	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-27	I wouldn't be surprised if Talisa pulls off a mask and reveals herself to be Dagmar, before killing Robb. Major brainfuck.
5876	King Tommen	2013-05-27	I wouldn't be surprised if Talisa pulls off a mask and reveals herself to be Dagmar, before killing Robb. Major brainfuck.50:1 odds on Talisa revealing herself to be the lesbian lover of Ros before turning into the Prince that was Promised and flying away on Drogon yelling "What do we say to the God of Death? Not today!" while high-fiving the disembodied ghost of Brynden Rivers.
5877	Conchobar	2013-05-27	50:1 odds on Talisa revealing herself to be the lesbian lover of Ros before turning into the Prince that was Promised and flying away on Drogon yelling "What do we say to the God of Death? Not today!" while high-fiving the disembodied ghost of Brynden Rivers.I would achieve arousal if this happened on the show. Just from sheer amusement and horror.
5878	silentwanderer	2013-05-27	Are you suggesting that there is no slavery in Volantis and therefore their society is similar to Dorne's?Actually, I'm following the show's suggestion the slave owners from Volantis are like Lady Talisa rather  than the ones Dany has met so far.If that is the case, the Free Cities are more likely to ally to Dorne on the show than the  slaves still waiting for Dany on the books.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 27 May 2013 - 06:21 PM.
5879	go joff go	2013-05-27	I wouldn't be surprised if Talisa pulls off a mask and reveals herself to be Dagmar, before killing Robb. Major brainfuck.LOL.  By the way I don't want to sound like Im attacking King Tommen, I think he is one of the better posters around.  I was just perplexed how he supported last years theory de jour but not this years theory.  Whatever happens it will probably be pretty controversial.
5880	Springs09	2013-05-27	I watched season 2 before I read the book and I completely hated Talisa. I thought it was the worst part of the season. Talisa was annoying and Robb acted like a complete idiot. Plus the romance was so rushed. Disrespectful foreign girl appears on the battlefield and then stays in camp with thousands of men, a few scenes later and it's all 'I don't want to marry the Frey girl' followed by virgins lustily stripping off for some wild sex on the ground.
5881	King Tommen	2013-05-27	LOL.  By the way I don't want to sound like Im attacking King Tommen, I think he is one of the better posters around.  I was just perplexed how he supported last years theory de jour but not this years theory.  Whatever happens it will probably be pretty controversial.Yeah, no problem at all.  I think what I was trying to point out was that a year ago, I learned a lesson and now having almost 3 seasons worth of material under out belts, the tendencies of the show writing and production make it easier now to predict to a certain degree where they're going with storylines.  And what I've observed is that the show doesn't really do the subtle mysteries.  If something's coming, you can usually tell by specific dialogue or the way character's behave.  It's more overt and it's I imagine because they producers feel like the audience is confused enough as it is attempting to follow the multiple arcs and dozens of characters.
5882	go joff go	2013-05-27	I watched season 2 before I read the book and I completely hated Talisa. I thought it was the worst part of the season. Talisa was annoying and Robb acted like a complete idiot. Plus the romance was so rushed. Disrespectful foreign girl appears on the battlefield and then stays in camp with thousands of men, a few scenes later and it's all 'I don't want to marry the Frey girl' followed by virgins lustily stripping off for some wild sex on the ground.Well I'm not sure what they could do about the rushed feeling.  They introduced her as early as possible (although  I agree not very well and unnecessarily combative)  But if you throw out the first scene she hasn't been much different then the book character.  I think people have this weird double standard b/c in the book she and Robb have sex even more quickly. I don't get why book Talisa is such a saint while show Talisa is a seductress.
5883	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-27	It's funny everyone keeps saying to throw out the first scene. How exactly is someone just supposed to forget the first annoying impression someone gives? I mean in all seriousness. Not even just with Talisa but anyone in general. 'If you forget the first scene' is one of the worst arguments I've read on this forum and a few people have said it now. Talisa is not Jeyne I wish people would stop calling Jeyne as Talisa and Talisa as Jeyne. One is a foreigner and the other isn't (among other differences). I personally don't think either of them are 'saints' but Talisa is definitely more annoying with her outspoken/modern attitude. And I haven't read many people call her a suductress, but she does in fact pursue him a little bit, granted he does more of the pursing. Otherwise there's no need for her to barge into his tent on a couple different occasions.But yeah they're are differences between the charactes and Jeyne, IMO, fits in better with the world than Talisa but everyone arguing 'throw out the first scene' (not even mentioning to forget the tent barging) is a horrible argument.
5884	King Tommen	2013-05-27	People are saying "throw out the first scene" because her attitude in that scene is pretty well the opposite of the way she is portrayed afterwards.  If you tuned in for the start of this season and had not seen Talisa and Robb before, there is no way you would characterize Talisa as "modern" or "not part of the ASOIAF universe".  She's a dutiful, caring, kind, respectful wife who Robb confides in and cares for himself.  The "meet cute" scene was poorly written but we're allowed to move past that.  Hanging on to one scene and ignoring the rest is kind of silly.  I can think of lots of shows and movies that had silly intros for characters but eventually they found a better footing for the character and you grew to like or respect them more.
I don't even get the "barging into Robb's tent" stuff either.  She doesn't barge in.  She knocks (or the equivalent of whatever you do to try and knock to get into a tent).  She politely asks if she's able to talk to the guy who has sought her out on multiple occasions prior to that.  And it's not like she's sashaying in to shoot the shit, she has requests in her role as nurse that she would like to ask of him. And he's clearly happy to see her when she comes so it's a fairly weak argument to make.  Robb's bannerman are annoyed clearly but it's not at her, it's at Robb for prioritizing the conversation with Talisa over theirs.  It's not her fault.
I can't quite understand if people want her to be a mousy, never speak unless spoken to, trembling little girl to be able to fit in with what their expectation of the character should be.  This of course ignores the many female characters on the show who carry themselves with confidence and have no problem interacting with men at an equal level (Cat, Arya, Brienne, Dany, Margaery, QoT, Cersei etc, etc).  Remember that she's not commonfolk, she's from a noble family so even though she's working as a nurse, old habits are going to remain and she's going to carry herself the way she was brought up which was someone of importance and status.  Robb even susses this out from her shortly after chatting.  That's probably one of the reasons that he's supposed to be intrigued by her.
Finally, you need to equate her with Jeyne Westerling because she's filling the role on the show.  It's a different character with a different background but she obviously has the same purpose.  It's the same thing as understanding that Locke is not Vargo Hoat (he's not a sellsword but a man serving Roose) but he's going to be fulfilling the same plot points of the character.
5885	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-27	I can understand for people who haven't seen the scene to obviously not care much to how they meet, but when that's people's first impression of her it's kind of hard to just forget that. To be honest my problem with her isn't exactly that she mouths off a few times, but it is kind of annoying, it's how this supposed kind and caring nurse appears so snobby and fully of herself IMO. The scene where she speaks to Robb in the woods and guards come to tell him about Cat's betrayal and how she holds herself when the guard is there is a perfect exactly how I think she comes off so uppity. The Lannister boys scene was another one where I thought she was being more snobby rather than kind to them. I don't know if the actress intended to give her character that vibe or not, all I know is that's the way it comes off to me.
The two characters fill the same role but there are still some differences between them. I know in hindsight that really means little, but they're still different in background and ethnicity and whatnot that people shouldn't be switching their names so easily. It is kind of an insult to both characters IMO.
D&D just can't write meek or non 'badass' characters, that's why Cat and Sansa have pretty much been shit on. That's a big reason why, IMO, they made Talisa in the first place. If we had Jeyne, even if they tweaked things and fleshed her out a bit, she would get the shaft just as Catelyn does. And her knowing extensive nursing knowledge is modern IMO considering only maesters should know that stuff. I'm fairly certain, or the impression the books gave me, was Jeyne just knew simple stuff. Women in that time shouldn't know the sort of knowledge Talisa does. At least that's how it came off to me in the books, so her being a nurse definitely makes me think of her as more modern. Not to mention it's unrealistic that men never tried to rape her. I just can't see her being a virgin.. There's no way..
Basically overall she is just a horribly written character. I wouldn't say she's as bad this season but her horrible scenes last season are hard to just forget. There's to many plot holes with her on top of that. I find it funny people say she's a great character yet a lot of show only viewers I talk to think she's out of place on this world. Even for a 'badass character'. Honestly what does that say about D&D's writing of this character if show only viewers, who have no knowledge of Jeyne and the change, that watches think she is oddly out of place.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 27 May 2013 - 11:01 PM.
5886	The Bear	2013-05-28	People keep saying that Talisa could be the f!Arya, but she is clearly in her late teens/early twenties, and Arya is a pre-pubescent child.
In the book, the ploy worked because of several factors:
- Jayne was only about 2 years older than Arya
- Jayne had lived at Winterfell her whole life and knew the place and the people living there
- The Boltons who saw f!Arya had never seen Jayne or Arya before
- The people who did know f!Arya was fake kept their mouths shut to protect Arya/Jeyne
On the show:
- As I mentioned, Talisa is a grown adult woman and Arya is pre-pubescent
- Talisa doesn't know Winterfell or its people in the way Jayne did
- Maybe Ramsay won't attend the wedding, but other Boltons will and thus will know Talisa as Talisa
I just don't understand how that could possibly work on any level.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 28 May 2013 - 02:44 AM.
5887	Old Nan's Needles	2013-05-28	Jeyne Westerling was a huge non-event in the books so I was quite glad when D&D decided to replace her character. What I'm less sure about is why they decided to replace her with Claire Beauchamp from the Outlander series.
Talisa:
- sassy battlefield nurse from a faraway place
- falls helplessly in love with a redheaded (ok, auburn-haired) Northern barbarian
- hastily marries aforementioned ginger barbarian
- falls pregnant
Possible spoilers below for those that haven't read Outlander.
Claire:
- sassy battlefield nurse from a faraway place (ok, time)
- falls helplessly in love with a redheaded Northern barbarian
- hastily marries aforementioned ginger barbarian
- falls pregnant
If the similarities in their characters continue, Talisa will survive the RW and give birth to a redheaded daughter... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
5888	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-05-28	anyone considering her run away with blackfish ? 
im thinking it could just show how badass blackfish is thu now that i said it out loud it doesnt make sense to protect her instad of Robb thats a real target ... perheps they wonder off or something . 
and if she does die what does it mean for blackfish and Jeyne in books ?
5889	ShigellaSand	2013-05-28	I doubt she was a virgin in all honesty. I hate her but I don't even think that to degrade her or anything. But how can a nurse traveling in battlefields actually still be a virgin when there are way to many men that could easily rape her? I just don't see it. Even Breenie was almost raped and that was just a small group of men. Not all northerners are honorable.. Nor anywhere else she might have traveled during the war. She definitely yells 'slut' or 'not innocent' to me.That's not what I was saying. I wasn't saying that rape equaled slut. I was pointing out how Breenie an even Sansa who isn't a fighting sort of character have almost been raped yet a random nurse who has no protection of sorts before Robb takes a liking to her is somehow a virgin. Even if she wasn't raped I don't see how she's not a virgin. She comes off as not being one to me.Way to take what I said way out of context.And FYI I do think she is a slut. The woman clearly keeps flirting with a man she knows is getting married and does nothing to brush off his attempts of pursuit. And they have sex after barely knowing each other more than what? A couple weeks? Yes... She's sooo inoccent and a virgin...How in the world is it out of context? You said:1. She's not a virgin, because2. She's been on battlefields where she's a prime target for rape, and3. She yells "slut" and "not innocent" to you.That sequence clearly says that you consider her a slut because she can't possibly be a virgin. And the reason you give for why she can't be a virgin is because she must've been raped at some point.As for the part about her behavior with Robb, there was not a single mention of that in the first post I quoted. That first post only talks about lack of virginity.At no point did I say that Talisa is a virgin, that she's innocent, or that I approve of her behavior with Robb. Those were not the point of my reaction, and if you actually read it you know that. But it's nice to see that you blame her for the fact that Robb pursues her, even though he's the one who swore to marry someone else. Oh, and yet further confirmation that "not virgin" equals slut in a woman, but not in a man.
5890	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	How in the world is it out of context? You said:1. She's not a virgin, because2. She's been on battlefields where she's a prime target for rape, and3. She yells "slut" and "not innocent" to you.That sequence clearly says that you consider her a slut because she can't possibly be a virgin. And the reason you give for why she can't be a virgin is because she must've been raped at some point.As for the part about her behavior with Robb, there was not a single mention of that in the first post I quoted. That first post only talks about lack of virginity.At no point did I say that Talisa is a virgin, that she's innocent, or that I approve of her behavior with Robb. Those were not the point of my reaction, and if you actually read it you know that. But it's nice to see that you blame her for the fact that Robb pursues her, even though he's the one who swore to marry someone else. Oh, and yet further confirmation that "not virgin" equals slut in a woman, but not in a man.It is taking it out of context to say that I said she yelled not in innocent and a slut to me just because I mentioned possible rape... The two are not the same thing. Mentioning rape doesn't mean that was what I thought she wasn't innocent and a slut about.I never said Robb wasn't innocent but she didn't help matters any. And like I said when I wrote that it wasn't meant to come off that being raped equals slut. I definitely wouldn't say anything like that about any woman. Especially considering I am one. I just don't see how she can be a virgin. Even without the possibility that she was raped. I only mentioned rape because considering she's following battle camps there's the high possibility she could have been. So no I hadn't mentioned rape to imply that she was somehow a slut because of that happening. If it came off that way then yes it was lack of transition between the two thoughts in my post. Since people like to nit pick evey sentence ill just reiterate I do not think being raped would equal being a slut.But in the context of the show even if she was somehow a virgin before Robb it's still slutty for a high born woman to go spreading her legs for guys she wasn't married to. IMO anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 28 May 2013 - 07:30 AM.
5891	lightbringer333	2013-05-28	Talisa is faceless woman paid heavily by tywin.
5892	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-28	Look, here's the thing. Although I don't have a problem with Jeyne the way some of you don, I certainly am not committed enough to her character that I would vehemently oppose any change. Jeyne is a character that I can take or leave, it's not a big deal to me either way.
My problem with Talisa has never been that she replaced Jeyne, my problem with Talisa has always been Talisa. She's a poorly conceived, poorly written character. And those of you who defend her by saying that take away her introductory scene she's not the spunky/sassy nurse just proves my point. How is it that her personality goes under this drastic change? Because she's not a character, she's a plot device, and her personality takes on whatever the writers needs to serve the plot. I would preferred they kept her the same character, because at least then I'd know the writers had a personality/history in mind when they created her.
As it currently stands, it's clear they just give her whatever character they need to serve the scene.   That's why she is not interesting, that's why Robb falling for her doesn't work.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 28 May 2013 - 11:28 AM.
5893	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	Look, here's the thing. Although I don't have a problem with Jeyne the way some of you don, I certainly am not committed enough to her character that I would vehemently oppose any change. Jeyne is a character that I can take or leave, it's not a big deal to me either way.My problem with Talisa has never been that she replaced Jeyne, my problem with Talisa has always been Talisa. She's a poorly conceived, poorly written character. And those of you who defend her by saying that take away her introductory scene she's not the spunky/sassy nurse just proves my point. How is it that her personality goes under this drastic change? Because she's not a character, she's a plot device, and her personality takes on whatever the writers needs to serve the plot. I would preferred they kept her the same character, because at least then I'd know the writers had a personality/history in mind when they created her. As it currently stands, it's clear they just give her what's character they need to serve the scene.   That's why she is not interesting, that's why Robb falling for her doesn't work./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I've never had a problem with them wanting to change the character. My problem with the change itself was a bad one. Sure I would have liked to see the Robb/Jeyne storyline actually fleshed out but that's not the reason I hate the change, just a tiny reason among bigger/better reasons why I dislike it. I don't even understand why she had to be so drastically different. If they didn't want the character as a daughter of a Lannister loyal bannermen couldn't they have chosen some small house in the, lets say, Riverlands instead of making her a foreigner which make the bannermen like Robb even less for choosing someone not even of Westeros. But yeah my problem is that the character is very poorly written as well as the arc for the two. They should obviously stick closer to the source material of the books because its clear that D&D aren't the best at writing their own arcs/characters in comparison to when they stick a bit truer to the books.
5894	mafalda	2013-05-28	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I've never had a problem with them wanting to change the character. My problem with the change itself was a bad one. Sure I would have liked to see the Robb/Jeyne storyline actually fleshed out but that's not the reason I hate the change, just a tiny reason among bigger/better reasons why I dislike it. I don't even understand why she had to be so drastically different. If they didn't want the character as a daughter of a Lannister loyal bannermen couldn't they have chosen some small house in the, lets say, Riverlands instead of making her a foreigner which make the bannermen like Robb even less for choosing someone not even of Westeros. But yeah my problem is that the character is very poorly written as well as the arc for the two. They should obviously stick closer to the source material of the books because its clear that D&D aren't the best at writing their own arcs/characters in comparison to when they stick a bit truer to the books.This.I still don't understand WHY the change... As horrible and awful as Dany's S2 arc was, I see WHY they did it.. they wanted to give her character more to do because she didn't really do much in book 2 (except for the HotU, which they butchered too). This whole Jeyne/Talisa change does not make sense, and the only way I can make sense of it, is to jump aboard the bandwagon that Talisa is a spy. That is the only (slightly) logical explanation as to why they changed it. My brain needs something to grasp, and it's that theory.Minus that.. well ok, let me clear this up first. Robb should have under NO circumstances betrayed his oath with the Freys. But I much liked his excuse in the books better with him being so distraught over his brothers' deaths, that he sleeps with Jeyne for comfort, therefore marrying her. Robb marries Talisa just because he is a lustful idiot on the show. Argh.
5895	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	This.I still don't understand WHY the change... As horrible and awful as Dany's S2 arc was, I see WHY they did it.. they wanted to give her character more to do because she didn't really do much in book 2 (except for the HotU, which they butchered too). This whole Jeyne/Talisa change does not make sense, and the only way I can make sense of it, is to jump aboard the bandwagon that Talisa is a spy. That is the only (slightly) logical explanation as to why they changed it. My brain needs something to grasp, and it's that theory.Minus that.. well ok, let me clear this up first. Robb should have under NO circumstances betrayed his oath with the Freys. But I much liked his excuse in the books better with him being so distraught over his brothers' deaths, that he sleeps with Jeyne for comfort, therefore marrying her. Robb marries Talisa just because he is a lustful idiot on the show. Argh.I agree. I'd like for there to be an actual good reason for the change but I can't for the life of me figure why they had to write such a horrible character and arc for the two. I think if she's a spy it will only make it worse IMO. At least in the books it seemed Jeyne truly cared for Robb (if she was the one there when Jaime showed) but if Talisa is a spy then in my mind it never was a truly love story. It won't matter if she fell for him after she started spying. Why would she continue to write letters this late in season three if she did fall for him after being some secret spy?I also agree that I preferred his reason in the books. I wouldn't have minded if they added love on top of the reason but because of the horrible writing it just makes Robb look like an uncaring douchebag who broke his promise because he could and not care about consequences.
5896	King Cheops	2013-05-28	Jeyne had character?  The only character of her's I remember is her mom.  Talissa > Jeyne.
5897	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	Jeyne had character?  The only character of her's I remember is her mom.  Talissa > Jeyne.Um just because Talisa is more fleshed out doesn't make her better. She's a horribly written character.
5898	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-28	Jeyne had character?  The only character of her's I remember is her mom.  Talissa > Jeyne.Yep. FAR better. She convinced Robb she would make a good QUEEN, not just a good lay.Um just because Talisa is more fleshed out doesn't make her better. She's a horribly written character.Nope.
5899	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	Yep. FAR better. She convinced Robb she would make a good QUEEN, not just a good lay.Nope.Wow how insightful a one worded answer.
5900	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-28	Wow how insightful a one worded answer.Yep.
5901	aedalia	2013-05-28	I hope she's not a spy, but the evidence suggests that she might be, or it might just be red herrings to throw us off.
But, spy or not, I think she be dead because in the show universe, from Robb's perspective, Bran and Rickon might be alive. By now in the books, they were officially dead and everyone knew it. In the show, they've been very clear that Cat and Robb just don't know what happened to them, and (away from Robb, of course) Theon has confessed they they're alive. I feel like D&D are making it very clear the viewers that Rob has alternate living heirs, so it's not that big of a deal if Talisa dies, preggers or not.
I think this also means that we won't get the will scene since I think it would be ridiculous to try to cram it all in there in one hour.
5902	Son of Dragons	2013-05-28	I don't think she will be a spy. I heard the theories before and to show like these shocking moments we already have something similar happening with Shae, so we don't need one like it with Talissa.
And imo Jeyne is not a better character than Talissa, nor is she worse. They're just different. Since the circumstances were different they've given Rob a different love interest and it worked for both the book and the show imo.
5903	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	I don't think she will be a spy. I heard the theories before and to show like these shocking moments we already have something similar happening with Shae, so we don't need one like it with Talissa.And imo Jeyne is not a better character than Talissa, nor is she worse. They're just different. Since the circumstances were different they've given Rob a different love interest and it worked for both the book and the show imo.I pretty much agree with this. I just don't think it worked well for the show. Because the story arc and Talisa are horribly written. It achieved what it needed to, but it still wasn't written well, at all.
5904	lunadangelo	2013-05-28	It is taking it out of context to say that I said she yelled not in innocent and a slut to me just because I mentioned possible rape... The two are not the same thing. Mentioning rape doesn't mean that was what I thought she wasn't innocent and a slut about.I never said Robb wasn't innocent but she didn't help matters any. And like I said when I wrote that it wasn't meant to come off that being raped equals slut. I definitely wouldn't say anything like that about any woman. Especially considering I am one. I just don't see how she can be a virgin. Even without the possibility that she was raped. I only mentioned rape because considering she's following battle camps there's the high possibility she could have been. So no I hadn't mentioned rape to imply that she was somehow a slut because of that happening. If it came off that way then yes it was lack of transition between the two thoughts in my post. Since people like to nit pick evey sentence ill just reiterate I do not think being raped would equal being a slut.But in the context of the show even if she was somehow a virgin before Robb it's still slutty for a high born woman to go spreading her legs for guys she wasn't married to. IMO anyway.Wow. The kind of comments you have made regarding women are  boggling to me. You are a female and you call a fictional character a <U+0080>slut<U+0080><U+0099>.  I am not sure where to start here.I have had pre marital sex. Am I therefore a <U+0080>slut<U+0080><U+0099> in your mind?If I <U+0080>put myself<U+0080><U+0099> in a <U+0080> dangerous<U+0080><U+0099> situation by being drunk and alone on my way home and then get raped, am I therefore in your view, partially to blame?Are women who enjoy sex, sluts?PS: Apologies to pretty much all of you who are on here to debate Talisa's fate for the distraction. I unfortunately felt that I had to respond to this.
					
					
							Edited by lunadangelo, 28 May 2013 - 05:24 PM.
5905	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	Wow. The kind of comments you have made regarding women are  boggling to me. You are a female and you call a fictional character a <U+0091>slut<U+0092>.  I am not sure where to start here.I have had pre marital sex. Am I therefore a <U+0091>slut<U+0092> in your mind?If I <U+0091>put myself<U+0092> in a <U+0091> dangerous<U+0092> situation by being drunk and alone on my way home and then get raped, am I therefore in your view, partially to blame?Are women who enjoy sex, sluts?PS: Apologies to pretty much all of you who are on here to debate Talisa's fate for the distraction. I unfortunately felt that I had to respond to this.Um I said in the context of that universe she kind of is one. Obviously I wouldn't think that way in our modern times. I'm not an idiot. I don't see how you can use modern views for a world that isn't so modern thinking. It's ridiculous to me how people are taking things so out of context. Just because I used that word for a fictional character for a world that doesn't exist or have our kind of thinking does not mean I think that way in general or anything of the sort. So to sit there and accuse me of things is rather insulting. The fact your so hurt over me somewhat insulting a character that isn't real is laughable to me.While I wouldn't say she is to blame if she had in fact gotten raped, but it is very stupid to go trapsing around battlefields. Especially since I'm sure she should/would have known how men are and the high possibility of what could have happened to her. Would she be to blame? I wouldn't say so. But is she stupid for putting herself in a position that could happen? Yes. (But again that's only in the context of that world. Obviously I wouldn't say that sort of thing for real life situations.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 28 May 2013 - 05:31 PM.
5906	Heir to the North	2013-05-28	Talisa is faceless woman paid heavily by tywin.Talisa is Jaqen H'qar, it is known.
5907	ugashep	2013-05-28	Wow, things got out of control around here and we were lucky to live through it.
5908	Heir to the North	2013-05-28	Yeah, saw that and tried to through in my little bit of humor there. 
Then I saw when the last post before me was...*DOH*
5909	zaphodbrx	2013-05-28	This whole Jeyne/Talisa change does not make sense, and the only way I can make sense of it, is to jump aboard the bandwagon that Talisa is a spy. That is the only (slightly) logical explanation as to why they changed it. My brain needs something to grasp, and it's that theory.Agree!I found a nice post from season 2 which details all the problems with this character. And it makes a lot more sense if she's a spy.It's also important to note that she has been sabotaging the North's war effort since day 1. How many battles has Robb fought since then? That's right, none! He just moves around randomly and lays siege to empty castles.There are so many inconsistencies with both characters that i do not understand those who try to say this is better story telling compared to the books. One thing is to say that it still looks good and it still is good tv. No one will go against that I think. The show is still quite enjoyable. But please.....it kills me to see some people who say things like "this is better" or that GRRM was the one who made the mistake.People....look at Robb from the show:- Look at how he reacts to Theon when they are discussing if the north should go to war: does that look like someone who will take it well to be questioned? nope!- Look at Robb when the great John questions his decisions: does that look like someone who will tolerate any complains or alternative plans? nope!- Look at Robb when his mother tries to tell him she wants to go home and Theon should not be sent to the Iron islands. Does Robb seems to enjoy this? Does he take any advice from his mother? nope!Now please tell us why the hell would someone like this enjoy a girl questioning him in an open field and close to some of his soldiers / lords??? And now we have the girl:- First she is introduced as a nurse that roams around the batlefield and has some sort of issue against war and against Robb invading the Westerlands.....if she is foreign, what does she care about the westerlands? And if she is a foreign nurse, why does she take one side of the conflict over the other? Or are we to believe that she did the same complaints to Tywin or to Gregor Clegane? now that would have been fun!!!- Next episode she is writting some letters all alone in Robb&acute;s camp. Why is she staying with Robb&acute;s army? On the previous episode it looked like she had just left and she did not want to work for the north so why is she with them now? Did they arrest her or keep her there against her will??? Did she decide to change sides in the meanwhile? Why? She did not seem like she wanted to change sides the first time we did meet her. And by the way, she is now quite a bit less sassy in general. And again, what is she doing all alone with the northern army? Who protects her? Who keeps her safe, gives her food and stops her from being rapped? Is it Robb? Why would he????- Then we go another episode and now she has a position in which she can ask Robb for supplies??????? Is she now the main nurse and responsible for that kind of stuff????? Since when???? How did she get that kind of position? Is she such a good nurse that Robb decided to take her and make her like the army&acute;s "maester"? Dont they have the silent sisters who should really be doing that kind of work? Can anyone explain why a military leader would pick a foreigner who clearly said she was playing for the other side and take this lady to lead your medical services for your army???? Why does she even trust her asking for provisions???? That could be really dangerous if she ends up being a turncoat and how does he know she isnt? Ahhh.....and it is still weird how she can be all alone and safe toying around a foreign army.....yeahhhh.- And finally we have kind of confirmation that the girl seems to be really a foreigner and she is all sweet and bla bla bla she loves her brother and bla bla bla......well.....what is she doing so far away from her brother then??? And I dont buy it that she cant live on a slaver city...well, cant she complain about that to her brother and family thus trying to solve the slave problem there? How is she doing anything good for the slaves by running away to take care of SOLDIERS????? You would expect someone like her would be more like a village nurse and not a field army nurse......or she should be a slave nurse back home taking care of the slaves and doing her best to help them live better.And now, just try and place this noble girl going all out on a foreign king which she gets to know is already engaged.....she even gets to know that the engagement is quite important. Besides, she is supposed to be against the very thing he represents which is a leader who is going to war over something she does not understand...or at least that was her mindset 3 episodes ago...i guess it doesnt matter anymore. You see....the only way for all of this to fit together is if she is just another spoiled brat that just does whatever she feels like on the spot without that much inner tought about it.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 28 May 2013 - 11:48 PM.
5910	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-28	Agree!I found a nice post from season 2 which details all the problems with this character. And it makes a lot more sense if she's a spy.Huh I hadn't read that post last year but it's nice to see all of the inconsistencies actually mentioned. Some I hadn't thought as in detail about as what was listed but I have to say I agree with all of that. Even though I hate the spy theory and will find it to only make the arc more cheesy, it's the only thing that could make even a little sense. But even if she's a spy, the question remains who went around protecting her (before she cozys up to Robb) and keeps her safe from harm and rape? So many plot holes.. I honestly don't see how people think she's a better character.. Yes Jeyne isn't deep or more fleshed out, but it doesn't seem there's nearly as many plot holes with her story as there is with Talisa. But then again we have a great writer, Martin, who wrote the books and D&D who make their own arc that just.. isn't.. good. So yeah obviously there would be less plot holes with Jeyne.Thanks for posting that, people will probably just ignore it but at least posts like this are out there for people to see how bad the show arc was written. The Starks seem to get the shaft. Only Arya has a semi decent storyline.
5911	zaphodbrx	2013-05-29	I agree, I think the problem is that D&D just aren't good writers. Okay so they needed to have Dany do more stuff in Qarth, so they could have made a dragon-napping plot that worked but they didn't. They had a totally implausible plot involving an assassination of all the important people in Qarth with no repercussions from their families, Pyat Pree being burnt by dragons when he could just have used an image of himself since he's such a badass wizard and then Xaro having no guards cause its not like the King of Qarth needs any protection or anything right?
Similarly I don't mind if they wanted to replace Jeyne with Talisa, they could have made a Talisa Maegyr from Volantis that worked and had half way credible motivations but this one doesn't, it's just implausible in every regard. That's why I'm rooting for the spy theory because atleast that makes a little bit of sense.
5912	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I agree, I think the problem is that D&D just aren't good writers. Okay so they needed to have Dany do more stuff in Qarth, so they could have made a dragon-napping plot that worked but they didn't. They had a totally implausible plot involving an assassination of all the important people in Qarth with no repercussions from their families, Pyat Pree being burnt by dragons when he could just have used an image of himself since he's such a badass wizard and then Xaro having no guards cause its not like the King of Qarth needs any protection or anything right?Similarly I don't mind if they wanted to replace Jeyne with Talisa, they could have made a Talisa Maegyr from Volantis that worked and had half way credible motivations but this one doesn't, it's just implausible in every regard. That's why I'm rooting for the spy theory because atleast that makes a little bit of sense.I agree. While ill never understand why they had to drastically change the character and make her foreign, it wouldn't be so bad if the writing had been better and made more sense. But it wasn't and so here we have people who argue whether Jeyne, who's not been fleshed out much at all, or Talisa, who's more fleshed out but is horribly written with so many plot holes, is better. I also agree it would make a tiny bit more sense if she was a spy even if there's still a few inconsistent things. At this rate I won't hold my breath since it will still be cheesy IMO if she is a spy. Especially since they wanted a twu wuv story. I just hope she dies and isn't given some ridiculous f Arya swap or Stoneheart plot. It's better and more dramatic for her to die at the wedding with Robb. But then again I just don't care about her fate, at all, at this point. (Unless she steals Cat's storyline and screentime)
5913	Catherine Storm	2013-05-29	I was thinking yes sh'es definitely a spy and then watching the Roose Change Youtube video solidified the theory for me.
Then my friend went on saying 'isn't Roose the spy?'.... Yes actually, yes.
But i just had another thought...
Roose only started losing faith in 'the cause' when Robb married Talisa.
GOD i'M CONFUSED. I DESPERATELY NEED TO KNOW. GET ME OUT OF MY MISERY.
5914	koshka	2013-05-29	I would love for the spy theory to come to fruition, if only because it would mean D&D had enough forethought to aim for their own unique, ~dramatic~ twist on Robb's storyline.
Unfortunately, 10-to-1, it's just poor writing. Sorry, kids.
5915	Conchobar	2013-05-29	I was thinking yes sh'es definitely a spy and then watching the Roose Change Youtube video solidified the theory for me.Then my friend went on saying 'isn't Roose the spy?'.... Yes actually, yes.But i just had another thought...Roose only started losing faith in 'the cause' when Robb married Talisa.GOD i'M CONFUSED. I DESPERATELY NEED TO KNOW. GET ME OUT OF MY MISERY.Whatchoo mean by the Roose change Youtube video?
5916	TheLoreSeeker	2013-05-29	I was thinking yes sh'es definitely a spy and then watching the Roose Change Youtube video solidified the theory for me.That video...was surprisingly convincing.
5917	Conchobar	2013-05-29	What video?
edit: never mind, found it.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 29 May 2013 - 05:30 AM.
5918	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Huh I hadn't read that post last year but it's nice to see all of the inconsistencies actually mentioned. Some I hadn't thought as in detail about as what was listed but I have to say I agree with all of that. Even though I hate the spy theory and will find it to only make the arc more cheesy, it's the only thing that could make even a little sense. But even if she's a spy, the question remains who went around protecting her (before she cozys up to Robb) and keeps her safe from harm and rape? So many plot holes.. I honestly don't see how people think she's a better character.. Yes Jeyne isn't deep or more fleshed out, but it doesn't seem there's nearly as many plot holes with her story as there is with Talisa. But then again we have a great writer, Martin, who wrote the books and D&D who make their own arc that just.. isn't.. good. So yeah obviously there would be less plot holes with Jeyne.Thanks for posting that, people will probably just ignore it but at least posts like this are out there for people to see how bad the show arc was written. The Starks seem to get the shaft. Only Arya has a semi decent storyline.I will hate it if they make Talisa a spy because it makes Robb into a total loser/chump who throws everything away on a lie.But, her being a spy would eliminate the numerous logic holes that currently exist...why hasnt' she been raped [because she's a spy and was only put on the battlefield when Robb arrived], where is she getting money to live [Tywin Lannister], why is she writing her family who she abandoned [she isn't], why is she so uncharacterisitcally forward [its her mission to get to Robb, she needed a quick way to get him interested], why is she traveling unescorted [she isn't, she only arrived when Robb did].Neither choice is very good for the show in my view, Talisa as a spy makes Robb Stark into a fool and Talisa as a random foreign nurse makes her character and storyline wholly unrealistic for the setting.
5919	zaphodbrx	2013-05-29	I think its alright if they make Robb Stark into a fool. He is already pretty much that.
Example- the whole Karstark affair. Don't get me wrong, RK was a despicable murderer and totally got what he deserved but the situation is quite different from the books. The Karstarks make up nearly half of his army. maybe he should have thought about that a little bit.
Ditto his foolhardy plan to attack CR.
5920	Conchobar	2013-05-29	If I was Robb I would not have called myself King first off, I would have allied with Renly or Stannis and won the war.
5921	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I will hate it if they make Talisa a spy because it makes Robb into a total loser/chump who throws everything away on a lie.But, her being a spy would eliminate the numerous logic holes that currently exist...why hasnt' she been raped [because she's a spy and was only put on the battlefield when Robb arrived], where is she getting money to live [Tywin Lannister], why is she writing her family who she abandoned [she isn't], why is she so uncharacterisitcally forward [its her mission to get to Robb, she needed a quick way to get him interested], why is she traveling unescorted [she isn't, she only arrived when Robb did].Neither choice is very good for the show in my view, Talisa as a spy makes Robb Stark into a fool and Talisa as a random foreign nurse makes her character and storyline wholly unrealistic for the setting.How would that explain her not being harmed or raped though? Granted I'm sure if Roose did change sides before the marriage then he could have made sure, but many people book/and show wise all think he doesn't switch until after the marriage. But I guess it could be explained that someone was undercover and with her protecting her, but it seems odd they're never shown. (The one riding the cart is only for a split second but it's never explained who that person is or anything.) I know people could come up with a number of things but its still a huge plot hole seeing as its never actually explained.. And I don't see how she knew exactly where Robb would be and decide 'oh I'll chop off this guys leg to get him to notice me'. And also the back talking in the first scene, from season one Robb doesn't look the time to put up with anyone back talking him (though I doubt he would have hit her or anything of the sort) but he doesn't seem to care she is..I agree the spy theory makes a tiny bit more sense but at the same time there's still some holes no matter what route the writers take. Talisa just looks an even stupider idiot (I don't know where Winterfell is) if she is a spy and the very first thing she does is back sass and belittle a king. It's like.. really are you that much of an idiot? So I'd rather her not be a spy (because she looks like an idiot in the beginning and Robb looks like an even bigger idiot for marrying her)  and it just turns out the writers aren't good with writing arcs that go completely away from the book. I also think it would make Tywin look more 'lucky' than in the books where people think Sibil was in on it right from the get go and knew Robb would get wounded at the Craig and all those things that Tywin couldn't possibly have foreseen.Honestly though I don't care about her character or arc anymore at this point. I hope she isn't a spy though and goes out Dacey Mormony style and we get Robb's grief about his wife right before he's killed. (Wouldn't it be awesome if he went out fighting like Sean Bean did in LotR? I know, unrealistic but it would still be cool and a weird coincidence.)
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 10:14 AM.
5922	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Well, there is no way to really salvage the "Talisa" debacle they created for themselves  no matter what they do with spy or not a spy, but 'spy' does eliminate some of the most obvious WTF gaping holes just in terms of how she would be able to galavant all over a war zone by herself, have money to do so, and not get taken prisoner or be attacked in any way. 
But there is no way to fix the storyline because the foreign nurse angle was so brutally stupid and poorly executed to begin with, and as you say, she goes from seemingly having a lot of knowledge of the war in the beginning on why its being fought to 'oh, where is Winterfell again'
5923	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Well, there is no way to really salvage the "Talisa" debacle they created for themselves  no matter what they do with spy or not a spy, but 'spy' does eliminate some of the most obvious WTF gaping holes just in terms of how she would be able to galavant all over a war zone by herself, have money to do so, and not get taken prisoner or be attacked in any way. But there is no way to fix the storyline because the foreign nurse angle was so brutally stupid and poorly executed to begin with, and as you say, she goes from seemingly having a lot of knowledge of the war in the beginning on why its being fought to 'oh, where is Winterfell again'/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Though with her back talking, a secret protector can't do much...There really isn't anything they can do to make it better. Personally I think the spy theory would be incredibly cheesy if they go with it even though it would clear up a few major plot holes.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 10:30 AM.
5924	King Tommen	2013-05-29	I'm sorry.  I missed the part of ASOIAF where it was explained that every female that wasn't walking around under armed guard was raped relentlessly by any male within arm's length because they were all barbarians with no self control.  Why would you even require whore houses if all you needed to do was grab the closest random girl and rape her whenever you wanted to?
5925	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I'm sorry.  I missed the part of ASOIAF where it was explained that every female that wasn't walking around under armed guard was raped relentlessly by any male within arm's length because they were all barbarians with no self control.  Why would you even require whore houses if all you needed to do was grab the closest random girl and rape her whenever you wanted to?Again taking what I said far out of context. War time it seems more likely rape would happen. (Sansa and Breenie almost happening as an example).
5926	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Though with her back talking, a secret protector can't do much...There really isn't anything they can do to make it better. Personally I think the spy theory would be incredibly cheesy if they go with it even though it would clear up a few major plot holes.Yes, it would be cheesy and turn Robb into a COMPLETE fool who threw it all away not for love but on a lie, I doubt they make her into a spy, but at this point having lost a lot of confidence in D&D, its possible they would see it as a compromise w/the book story...since the Spicers/Westerlings were spies...it would be a a really strange decision, but then the changes to Quarth were sort of strange as well.I tend to think they think/thought the love story would work and so I lean toward her dying at the RW along w/everyone else.
5927	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I'm sorry.  I missed the part of ASOIAF where it was explained that every female that wasn't walking around under armed guard was raped relentlessly by any male within arm's length because they were all barbarians with no self control.  Why would you even require whore houses if all you needed to do was grab the closest random girl and rape her whenever you wanted to?It is not realistic that an unescorted noblewoman would be able to travel around Westeros during a war, with no guards, not being a member of a religious order or any other recognized order in Westeros BY HERSELF and not be harmed/raped/take prisoner.
5928	King Tommen	2013-05-29	Again taking what I said far out of context. War time it seems more likely rape would happen. (Sansa and Breenie almost happening as an example).Brienne was a prisoner and Sansa was captured during a riot by a bunch of smallfolk thieves.  Talisa is working with the armies to tend to their wounded (just as the Silent Sisters do).  She's part of the entourage the same way the cooks, musicians and stewards are.  There's an implied level of protection to all of those individuals because they're providing service to the soldiers.  I don't understand why there's some kind of imminent risk of getting raped in that role.
5929	King Tommen	2013-05-29	It is not realistic that an unescorted noblewoman would be able to travel around Westeros during a war, with no guards, not being a member of a religious order or any other recognized order in Westeros BY HERSELF and not be harmed/raped/take prisoner.We have not been given any details about how she ended up where she is so that assumption isn't very accurate.  I imagine the implication is that she's in the Essos/Westeros version of the "Foreign Legion" where she has travelled abroad to provide this kind of service which would be like a branch of the Silent Sisters or something.  There would be some kind of network in place to allow people to do this safely where there was an organized effort to bring in these types of nurses and healers because they would be in high demand during wartime.Do you think she walked off a boat from Volantis by herself and wandered aimlessly onto a battlefield to start healing people?  I don't need everything spelled out for me but if she's a nurse on the battlefield, I think the assumption is that she's working within some kind of organized group to provide nursing aid to the war effort.
5930	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	We have not been given any details about how she ended up where she is so that assumption isn't very accurate.  I imagine the implication is that she's in the Essos/Westeros version of the "Foreign Legion" where she has travelled abroad to provide this kind of service which would be like a branch of the Silent Sisters or something.  There would be some kind of network in place to allow people to do this safely where there was an organized effort to bring in these types of nurses and healers because they would be in high demand during wartime.Do you think she walked off a boat from Volantis by herself and wandered aimlessly onto a battlefield to start healing people?  I don't need everything spelled out for me but if she's a nurse on the battlefield, I think the assumption is that she's working within some kind of organized group to provide nursing aid to the war effort.LOL, why do you make such an assumption other than to apologize for the giant plot and logic holes the show created by making her a foreign lone nurse?No other nurses were seen on the battlefield, were they?  She never speaks of any other nurses or anyone else in her "order" in fact she asks Robb to get her fresh supplies, which strongly suggests she's not part of any nurse order at all but is indeed a random woman trapsing around Westeros by herself, otherwise she would have asked for someone to send word to her fellow nurses for more supplies or to the silent sisters she's been working and traveling with...but that isn't what she did, is it?  She speaks of HER supplies only.
5931	King Tommen	2013-05-29	LOL, why do you make such an assumption other than to apologize for the giant plot and logic holes the show created by making her a foreign lone nurse?No other nurses were seen on the battlefield, were they?  She never speaks of any other nurses or anyone else in her "order" in fact she asks Robb to get her fresh supplies, which strongly suggests she's not part of any nurse order at all but is indeed a random woman trapsing around Westeros by herself, otherwise she would have asked for someone to send word to her fellow nurses for more supplies or to the silent sisters she's been working and traveling with...but that isn't what she did, is it?  She speaks of HER supplies only.I'm going by the fact that every other character that interacts with her seems to be perfectly comfortable with the role that she is playing in the war which suggests to me that she's not doing anything out of the ordinary and that it's implied that she's doing what she's supposed to doing.  Do I need the show to go out of its way to cast other nurses so that I can be spoonfed this information? Not for this tiny part of this story, no.  If she was doing something that wasn't normal, wouldn't other characters acknowledge this?I will also say that this particular complaint is contained almost completely to book readers who tend to freak out when there's a part of Westerosi society portrayed on the show that GRRM didn't talk about explicitly in the books.  It is not a stretch for show watchers to accept that Talisa comes from a foreign land to serve as a nurse and is present on the battlefield in that capacity.  They may certainly have issues with the character and the way she acts with Robb or the choices they make etc. but her legitimately being who she says she is doesn't seem to be a problem for them.The minute, inconsequential shit that some people dwell on in this forum boggles my mind sometimes. Perspective folks....
5932	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I'm going by the fact that every other character that interacts with her seems to be perfectly comfortable with the role that she is playing in the war which suggests to me that she's not doing anything out of the ordinary and that it's implied that she's doing what she's supposed to doing.  Do I need the show to go out of its way to cast other nurses so that I can be spoonfed this information? Not for this tiny part of this story, no.  If she was doing something that wasn't normal, wouldn't other characters acknowledge this?I will also say that this particular complaint is contained almost completely to book readers who tend to freak out when there's a part of Westerosi society portrayed on the show that GRRM didn't talk about explicitly in the books.  It is not a stretch for show watchers to accept that Talisa comes from a foreign land to serve as a nurse and is present on the battlefield in that capacity.  They may certainly have issues with the character and the way she acts with Robb or the choices they make etc. but her legitimately being who she says she is doesn't seem to be a problem for them.The minute, inconsequential shit that some people dwell on in this forum boggles my mind sometimes. Perspective folks....Sorry I don't see the logic.  Show characters aren't going to bring up plot holes in the show via show dialogue, so of course they don't have a problem with her character because that's how the show is written.  Is Cat supposed to say "what are you doing trapsing around Westeros by yourself?" or something? LOL.That doesn't mean there isn't a huge plot hole they created for themselves and simply ignored.
5933	King Tommen	2013-05-29	I don't see it as a plot hole, just something where you make some reasonable assumptions about her because how she got to where she is isn't really that important. I don't need everything explained to me.
Being drafted in the war effort because she wanted to help the less fortunate (which was alluded to in her little monologue before her and Robb got it on) seems completely reasonable.  If the characters on the show don't find what she's doing out of the norm, then why should you?  Shouldn't the people on the battlefield be more in tune with who is doing what than a person simply getting a quick peak into that entire hierarchy should?
5934	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I don't see it as a plot hole, just something where you make some reasonable assumptions about her because how she got to where she is isn't really that important. I don't need everything explained to me.Being drafted in the war effort because she wanted to help the less fortunate (which was alluded to in her little monologue before her and Robb got it on) seems completely reasonable.  If the characters on the show don't find what she's doing out of the norm, then why should you?  Shouldn't the people on the battlefield be more in tune with who is doing what than a person simply getting a quick peak into that entire hierarchy should?I've already explain as have others why her character's story is full of plot holes as she has been presented.  The viewer is not supposed to have to invent a detailed back story to make the character's actions and presence believable...thats the job of the writers.  And the show evidence directly contradicts the back story you have created, as I have also already explained based on the show dialogue and presentation.  Everyone knows Bruce Willis is not going to die in the Die Hard movies, that doesn't make it realistic that he doesn't actually die, just as characters on the show taking Talisa the Volantis nurse as  normal doesn't mean anything in terms of whether its a plot hole or not.  But, we can agree to disagree. In a few days hopefully she'll be dead and out of the show and the horror they made of Robb's story will be ended.
5935	zaphodbrx	2013-05-29	I am curious to know Talisa's previous nursing experiences.
She says that she has been hacking off body parts for the last two years.
But there haven't been that many wars in the last two years. I mean its only been a year since Robb's rebellion right?
5936	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I've already explain as have others why her character's story is full of plot holes as she has been presented.  The viewer is not supposed to have to invent a detailed back story to make the character's actions and presence believable...thats the job of the writers.  And the show evidence directly contradicts the back story you have created, as I have also already explained based on the show dialogue and presentation.  Everyone knows Bruce Willis is not going to die in the Die Hard movies, that doesn't make it realistic that he doesn't actually die, just as characters on the show taking Talisa the Volantis nurse as  normal doesn't mean anything in terms of whether its a plot hole or not.  But, we can agree to disagree. In a few days hopefully she'll be dead and out of the show and the horror they made of Robb's story will be ended./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Sorry just got back but yes obviously the actors aren't going to have their characters think Talisa is odd and see her as out of place because the writers and directors have it to where they don't. Just because they make it look that way doesn't mean it isn't odd a random lone nurse (since that's how she appears and she mentions no other nurses or orginization that she's with) is all by herself on a battlefield. Actors can only do with their characters what they're given and the producers aren't going to show the plot hole they've created and make it even more obvious than it already is.. That would make them look even more idiotic with this arc if they did that.Hopefully soon enough we'll know if the spy theory is true or not then we will know with certainty if the writers completely dropped the ball or not.I am curious to know Talisa's previous nursing experiences.She says that she has been hacking off body parts for the last two years.But there haven't been that many wars in the last two years. I mean its only been a year since Robb's rebellion right?That's true. They've really done hardly anything to explain this character and her story.. Maybe they're counting season two and three as two years? But that is a complete contradiction to the timeline where Dany mentions not having dragons about a year ago.. So my only thought is maybe she did nursing things back in Volantis before coming there but that doesn't make a ton of sense either. How long exactly does it take to travel from Volantis to Westeros and end up with the northern army?
5937	King Tommen	2013-05-29	That's true. They've really done hardly anything to explain this character and her story.. Maybe they're counting season two and three as two years? But that is a complete contradiction to the timeline where Dany mentions not having dragons about a year ago.. So my only thought is maybe she did nursing things back in Volantis before coming there but that doesn't make a ton of sense either. How long exactly does it take to travel from Volantis to Westeros and end up with the northern army?Again, why do people read so much into this to a ridiculous degree? She's said she's been doing nursing stuff for the last 2 years, she doesn't say where.  Presumably, she didn't learn to be a nurse the day she stepped onto the battlefields at the Riverlands, there are lots of wars around the world that she could have been a part of.  Really, it shouldn't matter because it's not fucking important.I imagine the same people complaining that Talisa's character and backstory have not been fleshed out would be screaming bloody murder if the show actually went ahead and did this because it would be taking time away from the other characters.  This was always going to be a no-win proposition for the producers because god knows that the book fans would find a way to complain regardless of what happened.She's an underwritten character because they needed her to serve a purpose and this is how they decided to do it and didn't spend a whole lot of time on creating a big backstory for it.  Because they didn't think it was important.  They needed Robb to fall in love with someone quickly while he was almost exclusively in camps on the battlefield.  That limited the options so making up a nurse seemed like the best choice available to them.  They count on suspension of disbelief from the audience on everything else because they don't have time to talk about the how and why she was there in the first place.  I know I sure as fuck didn't care about those questions.  The vast majority of the audience doesn't either.  Nit pickers will nit pick of course, that's what Westeros.org is for it appears...
5938	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Again, why do people read so much into this to a ridiculous degree? She's said she's been doing nursing stuff for the last 2 years, she doesn't say where.  Presumably, she didn't learn to be a nurse the day she stepped onto the battlefields at the Riverlands, there are lots of wars around the world that she could have been a part of.  Really, it shouldn't matter because it's not fucking important.I imagine the same people complaining that Talisa's character and backstory have not been fleshed out would be screaming bloody murder if the show actually went ahead and did this because it would be taking time away from the other characters.  This was always going to be a no-win proposition for the producers because god knows that the book fans would find a way to complain regardless of what happened.She's an underwritten character because they needed her to serve a purpose and this is how they decided to do it and didn't spend a whole lot of time on creating a big backstory for it.  Because they didn't think it was important.  They needed Robb to fall in love with someone quickly while he was almost exclusively in camps on the battlefield.  That limited the options so making up a nurse seemed like the best choice available to them.  They count on suspension of disbelief from the audience on everything else because they don't have time to talk about the how and why she was there in the first place.  I know I sure as fuck didn't care about those questions.  The vast majority of the audience doesn't either.  Nit pickers will nit pick of course, that's what Westeros.org is for it appears...Um that just shows they really don't care about arcs. If they can't even bother to give her a decent backstory to make her a little more believable what does that say about what the writers will do in the future? I wouldn't mind if they showed a couple scenes of her to explain and fill in plot holes but no they don't care about Robb or Catelyn so they butchered their arcs. Show only viewers aren't complete idiots. I know my mom when she watches things and hasn't read a book (or whatever something is based off of) thinks about what's logical and what seems not to be in said show or movie. I know not all people do that but there are people who watch stuff and think 'wait, how much sense does that make?'.So yes by your logic the writers obviously think show only viewers are idiots and they also consider the RW plot to be useless and not important if they can't even bother to give the woman Robb marries and causes his demise more of a backstory.
5939	King Tommen	2013-05-29	Then I guess GRRM thought the same thing since Jeyne Westerling had nothing approaching a backstory and was basically not allowed to speak when we had that chance to see her.
Some characters don't need long backstories.  They are there to serve a function for the plot and that's pretty much it.
You don't need Talisa's backstory to see that Robb is smitten with her when he meets her and that they get together because of this.  Where she comes from isn't important just as what the hell was up with Jeyne Westerling wasn't important.
5940	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-29	Um that just shows they really don't care about arcs. If they can't even bother to give her a decent backstory to make her a little more believable what does that say about what the writers will do in the future? I wouldn't mind if they showed a couple scenes of her to explain and fill in plot holes but no they don't care about Robb or Catelyn so they butchered their arcs. Show only viewers aren't complete idiots. I know my mom when she watches things and hasn't read a book (or whatever something is based off of) thinks about what's logical and what seems not to be in said show or movie. I know not all people do that but there are people who watch stuff and think 'wait, how much sense does that make?'.So yes by your logic the writers obviously think show only viewers are idiots and they also consider the RW plot to be useless and not important if they can't even bother to give the woman Robb marries and causes his demise more of a backstory.What backstory does Jeyne Westerling have? I'll answer it for you - much less of a story than Talisa. Who cares, her only purpose is to make Robb be a dope.
5941	superdeluxe	2013-05-29	I am curious to know Talisa's previous nursing experiences.She says that she has been hacking off body parts for the last two years.But there haven't been that many wars in the last two years. I mean its only been a year since Robb's rebellion right?Has it been only a year?  Maybe it was two,  Maybe she wasn't hacking off body parts just in Robb's Rebellion.  Does it matter where she was hacking off body parts?Maybe her only purpose is to deliver Robb's heir?  Or maybe if they want to expand her role they flesh it out later.  Do we have enough time flesh out where she has been a nurse before Westeros?
					
					
							Edited by superdeluxe, 29 May 2013 - 12:43 PM.
5942	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Then I guess GRRM thought the same thing since Jeyne Westerling had nothing approaching a backstory and was basically not allowed to speak when we had that chance to see her.Some characters don't need long backstories.  They are there to serve a function for the plot and that's pretty much it.You don't need Talisa's backstory to see that Robb is smitten with her when he meets her and that they get together because of this.  Where she comes from isn't important just as what the hell was up with Jeyne Westerling wasn't important.The fact of the matter is, Jeyne has less plot holes then Talisa. And I never said she needed a long backstory. But if they had spent a couple scenes to actually give her some dialogue that explained how the hell she got to Westeros that would have helped things. Just some stupid silly little story about her brother doesn't explain much except how she became a nurse, but didn't even explain what it was she did to be able to learn said knowledge. Obviously Jeyne isn't a very fleshed out character but there's a lot less plot holes with her.And we basically knew Jeyne's backstory hers doesn't need as much explaining because she already lived in Westeros, was a daughter to the enemies bannermen, how much more exactly does she need? Talisa.. We don't know how she, a woman, learned extensive knowledge, where the hell her protection is to keep her from being raped or harmed on the battlefield, what made her choose Westeros when if she hated slavery she should be like Dany and doing something to help slaves, not half way across the world mending soldiers in a war that doesn't have much affect on her. There's numerous other things I could mention but none of it seems to matter. Show apologists clearly can't tell when a character is horribly written and can't seem to accept that the show does have some flaws, even if its still one of the better things on tv nowadays. I think people on here like to argue just to argue when it comes to some things. (Seeing as when I replied to the one person about where Talisa nursed before Robb's army, I just mentioned a possible option. I don't think in detail about her character because the writers don't care so why in the hell should I care what happens to her?)At least Robb and Cat's arc massacre is almost over...
5943	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	What backstory does Jeyne Westerling have? I'll answer it for you - much less of a story than Talisa. Who cares, her only purpose is to make Robb be a dope.As I mentioned above Jeyne doesn't need as big of a backstory as Talisa. She makes sense in that world and has less plot holes than Talisa. What can't you people understand about that?
5944	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-29	As I mentioned above Jeyne doesn't need as big of a backstory as Talisa. She makes sense in that world and has less plot holes than Talisa. What can't you people understand about that?What backstory do we need from Talisa that we didn't need from Jeyne? She was a noble who disliked the rich, servant possessing life in the free cities and decided to use her life for something helpful and meaningful. What more do you need to know?Is it unrealistic? Sure. But why you think we need to learn more about her is beyond me. If anything the mystery is the only thing remotely interesting about her character.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 May 2013 - 12:53 PM.
5945	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	What backstory do we need from Talisa that we didn't need from Jeyne? She was a noble who disliked the rich, servant possessing life in the free cities and decided to use her life for something helpful and meaningful. What more do you need to know?Is it unrealistic? Sure. But why you think we need to learn more about her is beyond me. If anything the mystery is the only thing remotely interesting about her character.But if that's the case why isn't she pulling a Dany and wanting to do something to help the slaves when she hates the society? Why go half way across the world to tend to people you don't care about when you could be better use trying to do things in the Free Cities. As I mentioned above and numerous people mentioned they show her as by herself in Westeros in battlefields how has nothing bad at all happened to her? It makes no sense. And how has she, a woman, learned this sort of knowledge for nursing?I'm not saying Jeyne is better, but realistically she fits into the setting/world a lot better than Talisa does. I don't think either character is all that great but Talisa just seriously lacks when it comes to plausibility.We can agree to disagree. I don't think she's mysterious at all. All I see is a massive plot hole that shows the writers don't give a crap about the RW arc. And she is rather annoying and bland with some of her dialogue. Was there issues with Jeyne in the books? Sure. But I see the issues with Talisa as worse.
5946	Joyful Union	2013-05-29	But if that's the case why isn't she pulling a Dany and wanting to do something to help the slaves when she hates the society? Why go half way across the world to tend to people you don't care about when you could be better use trying to do things in the Free Cities. As I mentioned above and numerous people mentioned they show her as by herself in Westeros in battlefields how has nothing bad at all happened to her? It makes no sense. And how has she, a woman, learned this sort of knowledge for nursing?From Silent Sisters? From basically anyone? Also, I'm fairly sure women are traditionally the ones who do nursing in Westeros.
5947	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	From Silent Sisters? From basically anyone? Also, I'm fairly sure women are traditionally the ones who do nursing in Westeros.Then what is the point of maesters...
5948	King Tommen	2013-05-29	Then what is the point of maesters...Yeah, what's the point of doctors when there are nurses around.
5949	Joyful Union	2013-05-29	Then what is the point of maesters...I dont think maesters traditionally would do battlefield nursing, that's what the silent sister's would do, or Septa's. Maesters cater to the nobility. The point is, you made it sound like there is no way for a woman to learn nursing, when there are women who nurse, and it's not exactly impossible to learn
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 29 May 2013 - 01:12 PM.
5950	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I dont think maesters traditionally would do battlefield nursing, that's what the silent sister's would do, or Septa's. Maesters cater to the nobility. The point is, you made it sound like there is no way for a woman to learn nursing, when there are women who nurse, and it's not exactly impossible to learnOh no I wasn't meaning to say it like that. My point is we hardly know anything about her past. All we have is some boring story about why she became a nurse, not how she learned to (I'm guessing she learned in Volantis somehow.) basically we have to make all these assumptions just to make things seem semi plausible when that shouldn't be our jobs. The writers should have done enough for us to understand this character and how she makes sense in this world. But they didn't because they think people are idiots who won't see the plot holes they've created. That was my point. I'm sure women in that world have some sort of knowledge I just think it's unrealistic a noblewoman, from a forgiven country, would have all this extensive medical knowledge and go around hacking off body parts. Especially if she hates slavery, it would make more sense for her to try and help people in the Free Cities like Dany is attempting to do.But it's whatever. The writers can't fix an already horrible storyline. The best to hope for is she dies with Robb at the wedding so they won't continue to shove this character down everyone's throats.
5951	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	The writers should have done enough for us to understand this character and how she makes sense in this world. But they didn't because they think people are idiots who won't see the plot holes they've created.Or perhaps they're deliberately vague because they don't want us to be sure?
5952	zaphodbrx	2013-05-29	Or perhaps they're deliberately vague because they don't want us to be sure?Yeah, it's like that saying where it is better to keep your mouth shut and risk being taken for a fool, than to open it and remove all doubt.
5953	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Or perhaps they're deliberately vague because they don't want us to be sure?Yeah, it's like that saying where it is better to keep your mouth shut and risk being taken for a fool, than to open it and remove all doubt.So basically they haven't given a backstory because they realize the writers would look worse than they already do where this arc is concerned?Makes sense. I still think they're idiots. If they gave a backstory at least it would make things a little better IMO lol.
5954	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	Yeah, it's like that saying where it is better to keep your mouth shut and risk being taken for a fool, than to open it and remove all doubt.Not really, it's been obvious particularly in the episode 7 scene that she is written deliberately ambiguously, her background is deliberately vague.I think we'll find she is actually somewhat closer to Jeyne than she is telling, she isn't from Volantis she's from the Westerlands, but she isn't a spy as such, she really is just writing to her mother, or at least she thinks she's just writing to her mother...Her tragedy is she does love Robb, is pregnant with his child, but is unwittingly supplying the intel that brings about his downfall.
5955	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Not really, it's been obvious particularly in the episode 7 scene that she is written deliberately ambiguously, her background is deliberately vague.I think we'll find she is actually somewhat closer to Jeyne than she is telling, she isn't from Volantis she's from the Westerlands, but she isn't a spy as such, she really is just writing to her mother, or at least she thinks she's just writing to her mother...Her tragedy is she does love Robb, is pregnant with his child, but is unwittingly supplying the intel that brings about his downfall.I seriously doubt she's from the Westerlands. She just has that foreign look to her, kind of like how you can just tell Shae isn't of Westeros. And Martin wrote episode seven. He could only do with what the show has given to work with, so obviously he can't go completely off book to let us have a backstory. He had to write the scene the way he did to stick within the parameters the show set up already. I will be shocked if she is actually a Westerling, or even another enemy bannermen seeing as she went with Robb to The Craig.
5956	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	The only plot hole in book Jeyne Westerling storyline is why the Westerlings didn't just poison Robb, there is no plot or logic hole in Jeyne Westerling nursing Robb Stark at the Crag, her home, when he is injured on the battlefield, and them falling in love when you compare it to a lone nurse person traveling as far as the TV show has shown by herself through a war zone with no visible means of monetary support or a body guard who starts immediately talking anti war smack to the King in the North and then is allowed to barge into his command center all the time.
When the show makes huge changes it is incumbent on them not to create logic and plot holes....they did the same thing with the stupid Mel/Gendry leech scene, wherein they have her expressly state that fear ruins the blood and then in the very next scene show Gendry screaming in fear.  That is laughably poor continuity and logic attention whether the majority of fans care or not, it is what it is...a logic fail.
And, they made the Dany/Drogo love story work in a handful of episodes, so why shouldn't the expectation be that they could make the Robb/Talisa love story work in a handful of episodes, in fact, I think they took more episodes with their story, but since the creation was so poor it didn't work very well.
5957	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	The only plot hole in book Jeyne Westerling storyline is why the Westerlings didn't just poison Robb, there is no plot or logic hole in Jeyne Westerling nursing Robb Stark at the Crag, her home, when he is injured on the battlefield, and them falling in love when you compare it to a lone nurse person traveling as far as the TV show has shown by herself through a war zone with no visible means of monetary support or a body guard who starts immediately talking anti war smack to the King in the North and then is allowed to barge into his command center all the time.When the show makes huge changes it is incumbent on them not to create logic and plot holes....they did the same thing with the stupid Mel/Gendry leech scene, wherein they have her expressly state that fear ruins the blood and then in the very next scene show Gendry screaming in fear.  That is laughably poor continuity and logic attention whether the majority of fans care or not, it is what it is...a logic fail.And, they made the Dany/Drogo love story work in a handful of episodes, so why shouldn't the expectation be that they could make the Robb/Talisa love story work in a handful of episodes, in fact, I think they took more episodes with their story, but since the creation was so poor it didn't work very well.Again /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />.It's sad when Dany and Drogo's story actually worked but then they try to build up a Robb/Talisa love story before they marry and it still fails horribly.I don't understand people in saying Talisa is better than Jeyne. I don't think either are all that great, neither are main characters, but at least the Westerlings have less plot holes compared to the Volantis nurse.
5958	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	I seriously doubt she's from the Westerlands. She just has that foreign look to her, kind of like how you can just tell Shae isn't of Westeros.Perhaps she has ancestors from Essos, like Jeyne Westerling...
5959	King Cheops	2013-05-29	So seriously we need an entire life's story for Talissa but the backstory for Jeyne is okay at "she squirted out of a rich cunt's cunt'?
5960	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Perhaps she has ancestors from Essos, like Jeyne Westerling... Jeyne isn't described as foreign looking. But I still seriously doubt she's a bannermen of the enemy. They changed the whole arc for that reason.
5961	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	So seriously we need an entire life's story for Talissa but the backstory for Jeyne is okay at "she squirted out of a rich cunt's cunt'?No, we need a believable baseline of how a lone woman from Volantis is managing to exist in a war zone on her own without being kidnapped or raped.  That's it.  I don't think that's too much to ask in terms of logic.In fact, we already got her life story of being a rich noblewoman in Volantis, having her brother saved by a slave, then rejecting her family and the life of a noblewoman in Volantis, a slaveholding society in favor of doing good deeds as a nurse.What we don't know though is how she gets from battle to battle by herself without being harmed, where she gets her supplies and why no one has killed her, raped her or kidnapped her for ransom.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 29 May 2013 - 02:34 PM.
5962	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	They changed the whole arc for that reason.Maybe, maybe not, the arc isn't over yet. They've added the ambiguity for a reason, and it is there.
5963	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Maybe, maybe not, the arc isn't over yet. They've added the ambiguity for a reason, and it is there.They've done that because they're not good writers compared to Martin. It seems they've left mystery because they couldn't make a believable character IMO.
5964	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	They've done that because they're not good writers compared to Martin. It seems they've left mystery because they couldn't make a believable character IMO.I think its in there for a reason as well, some of the looks she's had are too pronounced not to be in there to create viewer doubt...but my theory is that the show writers think its cool to keep book readers guessing when they change things....I thought for a long time she was going to turn out to be Jeyne Westerling who was pretending to be from Volantis for some unknown reason...so she could go tend to the bannermen or something, especially after the crazy/guilty look from Talisa when the rider from the Crag showed up.  Since I refused to believe they would make such a gratuitious change for no apparent reason.
5965	zaphodbrx	2013-05-29	Talisa has almost double the screen time of Catelyn in S2 and five times that in S3. Yet we know almost nothing about her, she's still a mystery.
5966	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	They've done that because they're not good writers compared to MartinThis is Martin who introduced all the confusion about Jeyne by forgetting his different descriptions of her?It seems they've left mystery because they couldn't make a believable character IMO.I guess that's the difference between us. My opinion is that very little in this series is happening accidentally, they're plotting scenes and arcs 2-3 series a head.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mountains, 29 May 2013 - 02:44 PM.
5967	King Cheops	2013-05-29	No, we need a believable baseline of how a lone woman from Volantis is managing to exist in a war zone on her own without being kidnapped or raped.  That's it.  I don't think that's too much to ask in terms of logic.Seriously?  You realize that medieval armies were like entire cities on the move right?  She's a camp follower hence why no one really looks at her twice until Robb starts making googly eyes at her.
5968	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I think its in there for a reason as well, some of the looks she's had are too pronounced not to be in there to create viewer doubt...but my theory is that the show writers think its cool to keep book readers guessing when they change things....I thought for a long time she was going to turn out to be Jeyne Westerling who was pretending to be from Volantis for some unknown reason...so she could go tend to the bannermen or something, especially after the crazy/guilty look from Talisa when the rider from the Crag showed up.  Since I refused to believe they would make such a gratuitious change for no apparent reason.I agree they probably are doing this to mess with book readers heads. But I think the looks oona gives her character look a snobby and uppity not actually guilty.But I don't think she's from Westeros though that would just ruin the tiny but of buildup they did give Talisa.
5969	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Seriously?  You realize that medieval armies were like entire cities on the move right?  She's a camp follower hence why no one really looks at her twice until Robb starts making googly eyes at her.Camp followers who were women alone were prostitutes, so if she's a camp follower, then the army is going to consider her a prostitute because she's got nobody with her to verify her station in life or protect her, so again, logic fail.What I realize is that single noble women didn't run around in the middle ages by themselves as camp followers and so Talisa's story is not believable.
5970	superdeluxe	2013-05-29	We have dragons and Direwolves and Resurrection, and we are going to scrutinize the fact that she should have been raped by now because she is single and alone because it doesn't match how single noble ladies behaved in our medieval times?
5971	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	We have dragons and Direwolves and Resurrection, and we are going to scrutinize the fact that she should have been raped by now because she is single and alone because it doesn't match how single noble ladies behaved in our medieval times?Either things conform to the in-universe norms or they don't.  In GRRM's universe resurection occurs but there are rules, same with magic.  A random noble woman running around a war zone by herself is a plot hole, and the fact that dragons exist in hte story doesn't make it not a plot hole.
5972	Mother of Mountains	2013-05-29	Camp followers who were women alone were prostitutes, so if she's a camp follower, then the army is going to consider her a prostitute because she's got nobody with her to verify her station in life or protect her, so again, logic fail.What I realize is that single noble women didn't run around in the middle ages by themselves as camp followers and so Talisa's story is not believable.You can't simply draw such strict lines on behaviour. It would be unusual but at no historical period impossible for a single women to act as a voluntary battlefield nurse.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mountains, 29 May 2013 - 03:05 PM.
5973	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	You can't simply draw such strict lines on behaviour. It would be unusual but at no historical period impossible for a single women to act as a voluntary battlefield nurse.Not impossible doesn't equate to logical.  Certainly, it is not impossible that a random noble woman could have at some time in history worked as a nurse without getting raped, kidnapped or ransomed and somehow found money to pay for her own supplies without getting robbed of that money...what with her being alone in a war zone full of desperate, starving people...But, why not come up with something that is a little more believable than "not impossible" for a storyline?
5974	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	Talisa has almost double the screen time of Catelyn in S2 and five times that in S3. Yet we know almost nothing about her, she's still a mystery.Where are you getting your "facts", because neither of these "facts" is true... Talisa has nowhere near the screen time that Catelyn had in season two, and even if Catelyn hasn't had much to do this season, she's still been more heavily featured than Talisa. So you're just plain wrong.Funny how so many of the people who actually believe in the spy theory are the ones calling D&D bad writers. It's also funny that, for how (apparently) knowledgeable so many of you are in regards to writing (in general; though we're obviously talking specifically about television writing right now), you aren't even using the term 'plot hole' appropriately.But first things first - let's address the fact that a lot of you are saying that there's no way Talisa (ergo, all women) could "realistically" travel with an army during medieval times (which A Song of Ice & Fire roughly approximates)... This is simply not true.http://www.medievalw...o/#organisationhttp://www.megapathd...man Warrior.pdfRead them or don't, as they're not specifically focused on women who would travel with military camps during these times, but more focused on women who actively took place in battle (of which there were a lot of them). Let's also keep in mind that George himself has women who follow the soldiers so they can assist in the aftermath of a battle; the Silent Sisters.Why aren't they being raped? Because the men respect their position within the Faith of the Seven? These are Northmen, and by and large worship the Old Gods, thus why would they care about the importance of the Silent Sisters in relation to anything other than their own carnal needs? PLOT HOLE!!!...oh wait... We forgot to look at what a plot hole even is...According to TV Tropes:http://tvtropes.org/...p/Main/PlotHoleRead carefully (or skim it, even) and you'll see that Talisa couldn't be considered a "plot hole", but rather...http://tvtropes.org/...ionDistillationAnd since we don't know how long Talisa has been helping wounded soldiers, how she got to that location (she seemed to know about The Crag, so it stands to reason that she was somewhat familiar with the area, and possibly some of the people in it), or how many other women are following the army itself (as it would be historically accurate for prostitutes to follow along with a medieval army, in addition to cooks, etc.), all I see are people who want to talk negatively about the show, the character, D&D, and/or all of them jumping to conclusions (and using incorrect terminology in the meantime).Not impossible doesn't equate to logical.  Certainly, it is not impossible that a random noble woman could have at some time in history worked as a nurse without getting raped, kidnapped or ransomed and somehow found money to pay for her own supplies without getting robbed of that money...what with her being alone in a war zone full of desperate, starving people...But, why not come up with something that is a little more believable than "not impossible" for a storyline?What indication does the show give that the men are "desperate" and "starving"? Why should we assume that any soldier would be more interested in raping a healer than protecting them? If there are already whores traveling with the army, what purpose would it serve to rape someone? Robb has shown himself to be the kind of ruler that wouldn't stand for that type of action - he doesn't even allow Lannister captives to be mistreated. You're the one making misguided assumptions here.It's also important to note that - until Robb calls her out on it - it's unlikely that Talisa would have told anyone she was a noble. She didn't even tell Robb that she had noble family origins until she was called out on it. So, in that case, what would be the point of kidnapping and ransoming her? It's less believable to think that most of these soldiers are even literate enough to pull something like that off, really. But the big thing I take issue with is that the Northmen are being considered these bloodthirsty, rape machines. Throughout history, the atrocities of war are well-known, but those who usually suffer the most are those on the losing side of the conflict. Why would a soldier rape someone traveling with the camp? Especially someone who is there to help them. Logic, indeed.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 29 May 2013 - 03:23 PM.
5975	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Talisa is not a warrior queen riding into battle, nor is she a Silent Sister, she is presented as a lone woman nurse in the show, unaffiliated with anyone.  So, these examples are not relevant to whether it makes sense that a lone woman by herself can travel around a war zone, buying supplies, getting transported to the battles and so forth.
Rape is part of war, I don't see what is so difficult to understand about that.  She is not a Silent Sister so she would not be afforded that protection but we see in the war that even the Silent Sisters are raped, children are raped and murdered.  How is it that Talisa has been able to stay safe...she amazingly is able to stay out of the battles when they're occuring, away from the raping and pillaging part of war and only miraculously shows up after the battles are over where her nursing is highly prized?  Oh, okay, well that makes total sense then.  LOL.
5976	King Cheops	2013-05-29	I suggest we all stop arguing with this jackanape who clearly only has one thing on his mind and report him as I just did.
Seriously, seek some help for your obvious sexual issues.
5977	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I suggest we all stop arguing with this jackanape who clearly only has one thing on his mind and report him as I just did.Seriously, seek some help for your obvious sexual issues.LMAO.  You reported me for saying that Talisa's character arc is totally unrealistic?  Awesome.
5978	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	Talisa is not a warrior queen riding into battle, nor is she a Silent Sister, she is presented as a lone woman nurse in the show, unaffiliated with anyone.  So, these examples are not relevant to whether it makes sense that a lone woman by herself can travel around a war zone, buying supplies, getting transported to the battles and so forth.Rape is part of war, I don't see what is so difficult to understand about that.  She is not a Silent Sister so she would not be afforded that protection but we see in the war that even the Silent Sisters are raped, children are raped and murdered.  How is it that Talisa has been able to stay safe...she amazingly is able to stay out of the battles when they're occuring, away from the raping and pillaging part of war and only miraculously shows up after the battles are over where her nursing is highly prized?  Oh, okay, well that makes total sense then.  LOL.How do you even know how long she's been following this army? You don't; you're making assumptions. Perhaps this is the first time she's offered her services after a battle. Maybe she has been continuing her medicinal study at The Crag (which is why she's so familiar with it), and traveled to the site of the battle to help the wounded (which is much more in character for her than what you're proposing). And I noted above that those articles focused on women who fought in battles, but that's not the entirety of their subject matter, which you seem to have ignored (along with everything else I posted). Hate away; it doesn't bother me. But don't act like you're right, just because it suits your stance on how this particular story line has been adapted. Going by your logic, Arya should have been raped countless times by now during her travels, and yet I don't see you taking issue with that.Honestly, your whole stance is a bit misogynistic for my tastes. It's like you think that every soldier would have one thing on their mind - raping women. I highly doubt that was the case. It was a brutal time, if we're using our own medieval history as a basis, but we wouldn't have survived long as a species if our faults weren't often tempered by our better nature. If nothing else, the fact that Robb is such a good person should be enough reason as to why Talisa was able to travel freely among the men. He is the King in the North, after all, and since he didn't allow prisoners to be tortured, what makes you think he would allow his men to rape and pillage followers in their own camp? Talk about making total sense...
5979	A Redeemed Hound	2013-05-29	I still cannot understand why they made Talisa instead of Jeyne Westerling.  Would be silly IMO if they did that and just kill her at the RW.  There has to be a logical reason they did this.  Is it possible that the Blackfish is also at the wedding and saves Talisa when the poop hits the fan?  He escapes with her and flees back to Riverrun?  Then they will be set up to follow the books again.
					
					
							Edited by A Redeemed Hound, 29 May 2013 - 03:59 PM.
5980	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-29	I still cannot understand why they made Talisa instead of Jeyne Westerling.  Would be silly IMO if they did that and just kill her at the RW.  There has to be a logical reason they did this.  Is it possible that the Blackfish is also at the wedding and saves Talisa when the poop hits the fan?  He escapes with her and flees back to Riverrun?  Then is will be set up to follow the books again.I'm guessing they tried to make the character more interesting and appealing to the viewer, while also making a more reasonable storyline for aged up characters, but it had its problems. I guess they wanted to make it an actual love story since Robb is actually on screen as opposed to coming back one day all like "Hey mom I fucked up here's my wife" but it didn't work out as well as they probably hoped.As to why not keep her a Westerling...I don't know. Perhaps there is some strange unseen reason why she's from Volantis, but it could be simply as shallow as she's an exotic chick from an unfamiliar land and thus more appealing.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 29 May 2013 - 04:01 PM.
5981	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Arya has a lot of plot armour for a 10 year old girl in a war.
I don't get what Robb being a nice guy has to do with anything...she's a war, she was tending to the Lannister men when Robb arrived which indicates to me that she came from somewhere else--e.g. SOUTH--before the battle, and so she would have been dealing with Lannister forces, not Stark forces.  If you think the Mountain's men would treat a Voltanis noblewoman nurse really well, okaky then.
But whatever, if people want to defend a poorly plotted, poorly conceived, poorly written, poorly acted, unrealistically modern character dropped in to the series just because D & D did it, then great.  I'm glad you think Talisa from Volantis is such a wonderful addition to Westeros.
5982	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I don't understand why people are so venomously defending a horribly written, acted, and very modern character. It baffles me.
5983	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	I still cannot understand why they made Talisa instead of Jeyne Westerling.  Would be silly IMO if they did that and just kill her at the RW.  There has to be a logical reason they did this.  Is it possible that the Blackfish is also at the wedding and saves Talisa when the poop hits the fan?  He escapes with her and flees back to Riverrun?  Then they will be set up to follow the books again.That's my personal favourite theory because I like the idea of Jeyne being pregnant in the books. Although I recall seeing Elio saying he was 99% certain that the clues relating to that were just a mistake. Failing that, or failing Jeyne having so other relevance in the series to come, I expect she'll just die.
5984	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	I don't understand why people are so venomously defending a horribly written, acted, and very modern character. It baffles me.It baffles me that so many people think they can label things "horribly" done when they are non-objective. If you've read and the liked the books, you can't pretend to be objective about the change. No doubt you'll smother me with anecdotal cries of "my unsullied friend says its shit etc etc", but seriously, I very much doubt that the Unsullied in general think that Talisa is "horribly written [and], acted". And they are the objective ones.
5985	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	It baffles me that so many people think they can label things "horribly" done when they are non-objective. If you've read and the liked the books, you can't pretend to be objective about the change. No doubt you'll smother me with anecdotal cries of "my unsullied friend says its shit etc etc", but seriously, I very much doubt that the Unsullied in general think that Talisa is "horribly written [and], acted". And they are the objective ones.I only read here and Television without Pity, and neither place is Talisa very popular, from what I gather on the TV viewer only threads Robb Stark is not very popular either given his choice to marry for love.  Maybe the non book readers who don't post anywhere think its a wonderful love story, I don't know, I don't find the two actors have much on screen charisma together when compared to Dany/Drogo which also hampers their plot line.I don't see how a truly objective analysis isn't going to admit that she's a modern character when the actress HERSELF says its a modern love story the audience can get behind?!
5986	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	It baffles me that so many people think they can label things "horribly" done when they are non-objective. If you've read and the liked the books, you can't pretend to be objective about the change. No doubt you'll smother me with anecdotal cries of "my unsullied friend says its shit etc etc", but seriously, I very much doubt that the Unsullied in general think that Talisa is "horribly written [and], acted". And they are the objective ones.Wow so someone who reads the books can't have an opinion or show any criticism at the show. Wow. Okay. There are changes I like and think are done well but Talisa just isn't. From what I've read on the forums and heard from show only viewers I speak with they don't care for her character. Some even say she looks out of place. What's that say about the writing if even they think she's oddly out of place compared to all the other characters. This is a modern/cliche love story there's no getting around that. If the actress even thinks its modern (which it sounds like from two interviews I saw her in) then seriously, how are you going to sit there and argue when actors themselves even call it modern??
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 04:53 PM.
5987	superdeluxe	2013-05-29	I still cannot understand why they made Talisa instead of Jeyne Westerling.  Would be silly IMO if they did that and just kill her at the RW.  There has to be a logical reason they did this.  Is it possible that the Blackfish is also at the wedding and saves Talisa when the poop hits the fan?  He escapes with her and flees back to Riverrun?  Then they will be set up to follow the books again.That is the only way to redeem this.  I think her being preggers and dying at RW is a cheap way to generate more shock and sympathy.
5988	King Cheops	2013-05-29	I don't understand why people are so venomously defending a horribly written, acted, and very modern character. It baffles me.Because maybe some of us prefer the change compared to Jeyne Westerling?  Writing and acting is very subjective because it is based on personal opinion.  However I will continue to call out you and Cas on your bullshit reasons for criticism.  Her not getting raped is not a valid reason to claim that D&D are horrible writers.There are plenty of historical examples of "modern" women throughout history.  I recommend your read up about them at some point.  That being said they tended to be the exception rather than the norm which is what made them so impressive.  In fact, I'd argue that Talisa is better than Jeyne because of the fact that Talisa is like a modern woman.  Robb was attracted to her strength and intelligence because he had never met a woman like her before.  She was different and intriguing and someone who could be his equal.In terms of backstory we know that Talisa was a noble from Volantis.  She almost lost her brother to drowning but a slave saved him with first aid and that she resents slavery because of this.  As book readers we can infer that the reason she is in Westeros is because she wanted to get away from the institution of slavery which leaves her two options 1) Braavos, and 2) Westeros.  As someone interested in helping those who need medical attention the War of 5 Kings would make a good place to help.  We don't know if she was in the Lannister or the Stark camp but we do know that she only cares about helping wounded soldiers from either side.Compare that with Jeyne Westerling.  Jeyne is just like any other noble girl in Westeros.  Her backstory is that she is a Westerling and that she nursed Robb back to health (probably with the help of the Maester).  While the Westerlings themselves arguably have an interesting backstory it is not her backstory.  She literally does nothing except be pretty and courteous.LMAO.  You reported me for saying that Talisa's character arc is totally unrealistic?  Awesome.No I reported you for harping on your delusion that all unaccompanied women in Westeros would be raped instantly.  Come up with some new and less offensive reasons for why her arc is "totally unrealistic" and maybe you won't come off as so into victimizing women.
5989	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	No I reported you for harping on your delusion that all unaccompanied women in Westeros would be raped instantly.  Come up with some new and less offensive reasons for why her arc is "totally unrealistic" and maybe you won't come off as so into victimizing women.I never said anywhere in any post that she would be "raped instantly" and I have given numerous reasons why her story and her character are not believable within the context of the series beyond the fact of her not being raped.  I have as well criticized specific aspects of the writing and the acting in addition to the unrealistically modern nature of her story.I won't stoop to your level, so I will leave it at that.  Maybe you're are the one who need to reflect on your own shortcomings and/or obsessions.
5990	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Wow so Jeyne being 'pretty and courteous', which is how most women in that setting act makes her bland compared to Talisa who is an idiot to back sass a king when he doesn't know she's a noblewoman. Any other king would probably have her locked up or killed. She's damn lucky it was Robb instead of Joffrey or Stannis she questioned. And no it's not unrealistic that she wasn't raped. But the fact there has been no consequences for her basically traveling all by herself, that's unrealistic. People aren't as nice as Robb. If he hadn't known she was there, who's to say one of Bolton's men wouldn't have raped or harmed her? Considering how horrible that family is I could see his men doing that. It's unrealistic that she can travel all alone and by herself and go seemingly unharmed. It's not that she hasn't been raped. It's that nothing bad has happened to her when she's a foreigner, is all alone, and can go traipsing around battlefields.
And who cares why she hates slavery? Yes that's the only semi back story we get but it's unrealistic her family would just let her run off to Westeros. If she loved her brother so much why did she leave? This character just makes no sense. Say what you may about Jeyne but at least she fits into the CONTEXT of this setting where women are NOT modern. And no Talisa isn't better because she's modern seeing as this ISN'T a modern series.
Eta; but it's whatever at this point. The apologists want to nitpick tiny points someone makes and ignore the bigger ones. THEN they want to say there's not good argument because they've ignored all the best things that have already been mentioned.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 05:13 PM.
5991	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Wow so Jeyne being 'pretty and courteous', which is how most women in that setting act makes her bland compared to Talisa who is an idiot to back sass a king when he doesn't know she's a noblewoman. Any other king would probably have her locked up or killed. She's damn lucky it was Robb instead of Joffrey or Stannis she questioned. And no it's not unrealistic that she wasn't raped. But the fact there has been no consequences for her basically traveling all by herself, that's unrealistic. People aren't as nice as Robb. If he hadn't known she was there, who's to say one of Bolton's men wouldn't have raped or harmed her? Considering how horrible that family is I could see his men doing that. It's unrealistic that she can travel all alone and by herself and go seemingly unharmed. It's not that she hasn't been raped. It's that nothing bad has happened to her when she's a foreigner, is all alone, and can go traipsing around battlefields.And who cares why she hates slavery? Yes that's the only semi back story we get but it's unrealistic her family would just let her run off to Westeros. If she loved her brother so much why did she leave? This character just makes no sense. Say what you may about Jeyne but at least she fits into the CONTEXT of this setting where women are NOT modern. And no Talisa isn't better because she's modern seeing as this ISN'T a modern series.Joff for sure would have shot her with a crossbow or put her in prison.  The Mountain would have raped her on the spot.  Tywin Lannister, may have had her tongue cut out, or whipped her.  Stannis, I guess it depends on where Davos was at the time, LOL.  Renly would have laughted and given her a peach, I will give him that.  Robert Baratheon would probably not harm her either.  Roose Bolton, definitely cut out her tongue. Balon Greyjoy would either make her pay the iron price or make her a salt wife.Those are poor odds for mocking the king and not having a bad response, all in my un-objective, book reading opinion, that is.It's possible a better actress could have delivered some of Talisa's lines with a little more sophistication and not tried to be SO sassy, possibly a more morose war weary type of line reading would have been less off putting. Again, my personal opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 29 May 2013 - 05:19 PM.
5992	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Joff for sure would have shot her with a crossbow or put her in prison.  The Mountain would have raped her on the spot.  Tywin Lannister, may have had her tongue cut out, or whipped her.  Stannis, I guess it depends on where Davos was at the time, LOL.  Renly would have laughted and given her a peach, I will give him that.  Robert Baratheon would probably not harm her either.  Roose Bolton, definitely cut out her tongue. Balon Greyjoy would either make her pay the iron price or make her a salt wife.Those are poor odds for mocking the king and not having a bad response, all in my un-objective, book reading opinion, that is.It's possible a better actress could have delivered some of Talisa's lines with a little more sophistication and not tried to be SO sassy, possibly a more morose war weary type of line reading would have been less off putting. Again, my personal opinion.I agree Renly and Robert are the only other ones I don't think would have harmed her.Honestly I don't know if another actress would have done better. I once read someone thinks Oona is trying to hard in her acting and trying to overpower the scenes she is in with Madden. Perhaps that has something to do with it? From the interviews the actress doesn't really seem snobby.. But who knows.. Maybe her roles from other things has let fame and wanting to be in the spotlight go to her head.. I don't know. But honestly I think another actress might have done better. One that has that certain charm/talent to make the writing not look so bad. And maybe take a different acting approach that would make it less horrible.
5993	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-29	I don't think Oona is a bad actress per se, I just think she was definitely not the right actress for the role. If you're going to deviate a lot and create new things, I think you really need to have a very strong and likable actor behind the part.
5994	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I don't think Oona is a bad actress per se, I just think she was definitely not the right actress for the role. If you're going to deviate a lot and create new things, I think you really need to have a very strong and likable actor behind the part./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />That's my one and only problem with Oona. She doesn't really have that IMO. I think someone else who (like you said is strong and likeable) and someone who can make the acting good enough that the writing doesn't seem so bad. Oona can't do that IMO. I don't think she's a bad actress, she's just not good in this show because she was miscast and not right for the role she got.
5995	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	Wow so someone who reads the books can't have an opinion or show any criticism at the show. Wow. Okay. Fuck sake, I accidentally pressed backspace and lost the entire post. I'll try again:That is not even slightly what I said. You said "I don't understand why people are so venomously defending a horribly written, acted, and very modern character."That is not an expression of opinion as you made objective claims. Feel free to hold and express whatever opinion you like but you cannot get away with expressing them as objective fact.
5996	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I don't think Oona is a bad actress per se, I just think she was definitely not the right actress for the role. If you're going to deviate a lot and create new things, I think you really need to have a very strong and likable actor behind the part.She isn't "bad", she just seems really, really miscast to me, I would never have liked the revised storyline much, but a different actress with a better chemistry w/Madden and some other type of screen presence may have carried it off more convincingly.  As I've said before, I can't say for sure if its writing or acting or chemistry or all of the above combined.
5997	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-29	Her not getting raped is not a valid reason to claim that D&D are horrible writers.Wait, what? Who suggested that?
5998	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Fuck sake, I accidentally pressed backspace and lost the entire post. I'll try again:That is not even slightly what I said. You said "I don't understand why people are so venomously defending a horribly written, acted, and very modern character."That is not an exp<b></b>ression of opinion as you made objective claims. Feel free to hold and express whatever opinion you like but you cannot get away with expressing them as objective fact.I wasn't trying to imply they were a fact. But considering even the actress herself thinks the love story is modern, there's really no need to argue. It's quite obvious it is a modern love story. How anyone can argue differently about that is beyond me.But whatever go ahead and like an unrealistic character. More power to you. I'd rather watch the not so annoying unrealistic characters. It's pretty sad I'd rather watch Joffrey, or Ramsay torturing Theon than her because the writers think people are so retarded they won't see the flaws and illogical aspects of this character.
5999	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Wait, what? Who suggested that?No one.  The point being made was that its unrealistic that a woman would be able to travel around as a foreign nurse, alone, unescorted, unaffiliated with any Silent Sisters or any other known Westeros group, through a war zone and be safe, have money and get supplies for a prolonged period of time.
6000	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	She isn't "bad", she just seems really, really miscast to me, I would never have liked the revised storyline much, but a different actress with a better chemistry w/Madden and some other type of screen presence may have carried it off more convincingly.  As I've said before, I can't say for sure if its writing or acting or chemistry or all of the above combined.I think it's all three.
6001	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	I think it's all three.I do too.  The storyline itself was ill conceived and very poorly executed, I will never be convinced otherwise.  Having Robb marry for love could have worked, but not the way they chose to do it, and the random Volantis nurse concept I still think was ridiculous to begin with, what's the difference if she's a nurse whose at his camp or a Westerosi noblewoman at her own castle?  They didn't use that many different locations for their love story as it progressed--battlefield, Robb's tent, walking in the woods.  Why not Jeyne Westerling but make her holding down the fort at her own keep?  That would actually give her a reason to be spunky...because Robb is the enemy.  It's still a cliche, but in the context of the series its less jarring than a modern independent woman running around by herself during a war.
6002	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I do too.  The storyline itself was ill conceived and very poorly executed, I will never be convinced otherwise.  Having Robb marry for love could have worked, but not the way they chose to do it, and the random Volantis nurse concept I still think was ridiculous to begin with, what's the difference if she's a nurse whose at his camp or a Westerosi noblewoman at her own castle?  They didn't use that many different locations for their love story as it progressed--battlefield, Robb's tent, walking in the woods.  Why not Jeyne Westerling but make her holding down the fort at her own keep?  That would actually give her a reason to be spunky...because Robb is the enemy.  It's still a cliche, but in the context of the series its less jarring than a modern independent woman running around by herself during a war.I don't know why they couldn't have just fleshed out Jeyne more and ill never understand that. I think I might have warmed to the arc more if they had picked an actress that could have executed it better with her acting. The writings pretty bad, yes, but I think another actress may have been able to do it better. Even without considering the acting in general I feel her and Richard have no chemistry. So it's seriously hard for me to believe they're in love. All in all the writing was bad yes, but they're choice in the actress was probably in a way worse because Oona couldn't pull off the character in a believable way and there's no chemistry between her and Madden.I don't blame Oona (even if I do think some facial exp<b></b>ressions she used were questionable and came off snob and uppity to me. ) I think she just doesn't have the personality that could pull it off and it didn't help the writing was bad or the way the director probably had her handle things. So I kind of put the blame on the writing, partly on the actress, lack of chemistry, and the way the director choose for Madden and Oona to act.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 05:50 PM.
6003	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	its a shame too because madden has killed it as robb stark
6004	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	He has. The Karstark execution was great. I also liked the scene where they spoke with the Freys. (Maybe part of that was because its one of the only times the northern camp is shown and Talisa isn't there lol.)
6005	King Cheops	2013-05-29	Wait, what? Who suggested that?Cas Stark.  Post 332.  On the plus side I was finally enraged enough to find the ignore function.
6006	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	It's always great to see a few people vehemently claim that "everyone" (even if they're exaggerating) shares their opinion, despite the fact that they're essentially having a conversation with one or two other people who basically share their point-of-view. If the only two places you visit for your Game of Thrones reactions is this website and TWoP (which, come on, it's no secret that their 'Unsullied' are hardly that - they're consistently being given information from people who have read the books but are pretending they haven't), then no wonder you're under the delusional assumption that she's considered "poorly written, acted, directed", etc. Try reading some professional television critic reviews; listening to podcasts centered around the show; or even just visiting websites that aren't solely dedicated to discussing this series, and you'll see that the general consensus is that, while it's not the most interesting plot line by any stretch, not many people would consider it objectively "horrible".
6007	The Knight of Flours	2013-05-29	Tywin Lannister, may have had her tongue cut out, or whipped her.Though in the show, Tywin showed a fair bit of tolerance to a smart little serving-girl who wasn't as deferential as she might have been..
6008	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	It's always great to see a few people vehemently claim that "everyone" (even if they're exaggerating) shares their opinion, despite the fact that they're essentially having a conversation with one or two other people who basically share their point-of-view. If the only two places you visit for your Game of Thrones reactions is this website and TWoP (which, come on, it's no secret that their 'Unsullied' are hardly that - they're consistently being given information from people who have read the books but are pretending they haven't), then no wonder you're under the delusional assumption that she's considered "poorly written, acted, directed", etc. Try reading some professional television critic reviews; listening to podcasts centered around the show; or even just visiting websites that aren't solely dedicated to discussing this series, and you'll see that the general consensus is that, while it's not the most interesting plot line by any stretch, not many people would consider it objectively "horrible".The podcasts that I watch don't even talk about Talisa. I assume because she's not worth mentioning. And no my personal opinion without listening or reading anything else is that it's poorly written and acted arc. I talk to a few people who have only read the first book and still do not think Talisa is a great character. It wasn't even until afterwards that I slightly hinted it was a change from the books. So yeah, there are show only watchers (or show watchers who only read the first book) that don't care for this character. I'm pretty sure they changed the story so people would care about her and Robb's epic true love story. How can they achieve that if there are in fact show only watchers who don't like, or just generally don't care about, the character?Casual viewers I agree won't care much about the illogical side of her and her story but there are smart show only viewers that with even a little bit of a brain can realize its just odd and unrealistic how they did the character. And I think we have to agree to disagree. In a series like this where other plot lines are good, if they don't think her arc is interesting or even a little good that kind of makes it the worst in the show. Compared to the other great arcs it would fall in a 'horrible' sort of category.It's so funny that only the show apologists seem to get so uppity when someone even makes a slight criticism. I've read numerous times on this site how people, including myself, say they like changes the show make. I like good changes. But this was not a good change.
6009	mystikherb	2013-05-29	It's always great to see a few people vehemently claim that "everyone" (even if they're exaggerating) shares their opinion, despite the fact that they're essentially having a conversation with one or two other people who basically share their point-of-view. If the only two places you visit for your Game of Thrones reactions is this website and TWoP (which, come on, it's no secret that their 'Unsullied' are hardly that - they're consistently being given information from people who have read the books but are pretending they haven't), then no wonder you're under the delusional assumption that she's considered "poorly written, acted, directed", etc. Try reading some professional television critic reviews; listening to podcasts centered around the show; or even just visiting websites that aren't solely dedicated to discussing this series, and you'll see that the general consensus is that, while it's not the most interesting plot line by any stretch, not many people would consider it objectively "horrible".I agree with this.  I read this thread because I'm interested in people's opinions on the way the show has gone with this character.  However, after looking at the posts, I see a lot of people more interested in having an argument about it than have a discussion.  A lot of the opinions on here (not all, granted) seem to be of the mindset of "well, the character is awful no matter what other people think" when it is really a relative subject, and while a book-reader can have a great opinion on the show they cannot speak to how the general mass of people who haven't read the books feel, especially when sites like this are your source.  For that reason and for the childish back-and-forth I've seen, I doubt I'll continue to keep going on this particular thread.  However, I do have my own opinions about the character and will post them at least once for the people who come here genuinely interested in different/similar perspectives on the character.This is how I feel.  I can understand that maybe they want to put more of a  face to the girl who Robb fell for, to make it seem more believable that he broke his vows.  To be honest, there are scenes that I've very much enjoyed Oona as Talisa.  However, I also feel that the way they've changed the role is not yet justified by the show, by quality or by plot development.  I'm anxious to see how they handle the whole pregnant/RW/later events thing, but as of now I don't see why they've made the change other than the small and obvious reasoning I posted above.  I think that they may have a plan for her that will redeem the changes and admittedly at times the poor characterization, but as of now I don't see it.  The character is hardly horrible/amazing, though.  The unsullied I know have had absolutely no issues with her, and I do really believe that it's way more common that book readers dislike her than the unsullied.
6010	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Oona is barely mentioned in anyone's reviews, and when she is, its in the context of the changes from the books--whether Talisa is a spy or whether Talisa being pregnant means Jeyne is pregnant in GRRM series. She is not interviewed to the extent of Sophie Turner or Kit Harrington....which, by inference, would lead me to conclude the reason why is because the public is not much interested in her or her character.
I'm sure some people like the change, nobody said otherwise.  What I don't see and don't believe is there is any burgeoning Talisa fan club out there who are going to be devasted when her character is killed off.
6011	King Tommen	2013-05-29	You know what I would infer from the fact that Oona Chaplin isn't interviewed as much as Sophie Turner or Kit Harrington are? That's she's part of the supporting cast and not the main one.  And I believe....let me check...yep...my inference is correct.  I am one hell of an inferrer.
6012	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	I have to wonder if the two of you have ever watched anything else on television or film, because you two seem to be awfully hung up on how "unrealistic" Talisa being there in the aftermath of that battle is, and nothing else. Have you ever questioned why so many characters seem to end up in the right place at the right time (or vice versa), or why things always seem to happen in the nick of time?For the most part, your criticism has focused on that introductory scene, and not a single scene that has followed. Sure, you've given vague and unspecific answers to why you don't like the character or that segment of Robb's story line - "poorly written, poorly acted, poorly directed" - but you don't actually go into any kind of critical details as to why you feel that way. Specific examples, and reasoning as to why it's not any good would go a long way towards you two seeing that we're not trying to be "apologists" or "uppity", but that seems to be too much to ask. And again, I'm referring to any scene other than her first scene with Robb.But, since I just re-watched that scene myself, what are your thoughts on the guy who was traveling with Talisa when we first met her? The person who was leading the horse pulling the wagon? What of him? His presence would seem to indicate that she was, in fact, not traveling there by herself, would it not? And then a good portion of your argument falls apart. We could discuss that, but I'm sure we won't. Because all those of you who are so passionately against her want to do is repeat the same thing ad nauseum, instead of having an actual discussion. And also because you'd likely label it a "plot hole" when it's abundantly clear that you don't understand what a plot hole is...And after that initial scene, what is it about Talisa that makes her writing so terrible, or her (Oona Chaplin's) acting so awful? You're purposely ignoring any actual criticism, so you can continue to do that, and so you can just continue to call those of us willing to discuss this character and plot line "uppity", and label us as "apologists" instead of having any critical discourse.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 29 May 2013 - 06:56 PM.
6013	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	You know what I would infer from the fact that Oona Chaplin isn't interviewed as much as Sophie Turner or Kit Harrington are? That's she's part of the supporting cast and not the main one.  And I believe....let me check...yep...my inference is correct.  I am one hell of an inferrer.Well, if you can't use opinions on this site, or Television without Pity, or other sites that follow GOT, or mentions in reviews, or number of interviews with her about the series, how is one supposed to be able to gauge her character's popularity or lack of popularity?It sort of seems like the deck is stacked against anyone who has an opinion that her character is not popular because any metric that might be used is discounted.  Convenient.
6014	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	This is how I feel.  I can understand that maybe they want to put more of a  face to the girl who Robb fell for, to make it seem more believable that he broke his vows.  To be honest, there are scenes that I've very much enjoyed Oona as Talisa.  However, I also feel that the way they've changed the role is not yet justified by the show, by quality or by plot development.  I'm anxious to see how they handle the whole pregnant/RW/later events thing, but as of now I don't see why they've made the change other than the small and obvious reasoning I posted above.  I think that they may have a plan for her that will redeem the changes and admittedly at times the poor characterization, but as of now I don't see it.  The character is hardly horrible/amazing, though.  The unsullied I know have had absolutely no issues with her, and I do really believe that it's way more common that book readers dislike her than the unsullied.I do agree with this. I know it's going to be more of the book readers who dislike it my only issue it when people come here saying that all unsullied people like/love the character. On other sites (that's in no way related to the series) I've talked to show only viewers who basically insult her and say how she's not a good character. Obviously I'm not going to go implying all unsullied hate her, but the consensus I've gathered is that she is either disliked/hated or they generally don't give a crap about her.  As of what we've seen in the show there's really nothing to love IMO. She's just.. average. I think there's a lot better actresses in comparison to her in the show. To be honest there really isn't one scene I liked her performance in. (And honestly I think Madden and Michelle is a better actor than her so they're the only reasons I like a scene that she happens to be in.) But that's just me. I just find it funny everyone wants to argue (which I know I was apart of) how modern she is. Even Oona thinks Talisa and the love story is modern which says volumes to the fact that it is. And that's one of my big issues, is that the story is in fact so modern.But I am interested in what's going to happen. I think, as well as hope, she dies at the RW with Robb. I'm curious to see if she does live though and if that implies that Jeyne may actually become important and more of a character in future books.
6015	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	I have to wonder if the two of you have ever watched anything else on television or film, because you two seem to be awfully hung up on how "unrealistic" Talisa being there in the aftermath of that battle is, and nothing else. Have you ever questioned why so many characters seem to end up in the right place at the right time (or vice versa), or why things always seem to happen in the nick of time? For the most part, your criticism has focused on that introductory scene, and not a single scene that has followed. Sure, you've given vague and unspecific answers to why you don't like the character or that segment of Robb's story line - "poorly written, poorly acted, poorly directed" - but you don't actually go into any kind of critical details as to why you feel that way. Specific examples, and reasoning as to why it's not any good would go a long way towards you two seeing that we're not trying to be "apologists" or "uppity", but that seems to be too much to ask. And again, I'm referring to any scene other than her first scene with Robb.For instance, what are your thoughts on the guy who was traveling with Talisa when we first met her? The person who was leading the horse pulling the wagon? What of him? His presence would seem to indicate that she was, in fact, not traveling there by herself, would it not? And then a good portion of your argument falls apart. We could discuss that, but I'm sure we won't. Because all those of you who are so passionately against her want to do is repeat the same thing ad nauseum, instead of having an actual discussion. And also because you'd likely label it a "plot hole" when it's abundantly clear that you don't understand what a plot hole is...And after that initial scene, what is it about Talisa that makes her writing so terrible, or her (Oona Chaplin's) writing so awful? You're purposely ignoring any actual criticism, so you can continue to do that, or you can just continue to call those of us willing to discuss this character and plot line "uppity", and label us as "apologists".I have no opinion of a guy who's not shown but only once and never shown again.And to be honest I'm tired of arguing the same things. Many things have been posted on numerous threads aside from this one why the writing is not good. I haven't seen you list any reasons why it's oh so great and superior to anything Martin could write. But just to give an example of a scene, I hated the Lannister boys scene. She came off stuck up to me. I don't know if it was the facial exp<b></b>ressions the actress makes added in with the lines or what, but she didn't seem all that kind and caring to me when she spoke to them.And it is kind of uppity when you want to claim how she's better because she's modern when in fact this series isn't supposed to be a modern one. I don't understand the logic in that.
					
					
							Edited by Winter In My Heart, 29 May 2013 - 06:58 PM.
6016	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	She's going to die at the RW.  The very fact that Oona has been so adament in what a great modern love story they have cemented for me that she's not a spy and so she will have to die.  I doubt Oona is going to go to the trouble of directly trolling the audience by giving misleading TV interviews where she gushes about the modern romance that the audience should get behind all the while knowing her character is really a Lannister spy.
As for the random nameless extra leading the horse, there is no reason to believe he was traveling with Talisa, if he was, he should have been seen in subsequent scenes, and he never appeared again.  She has always appeared alone.
Why doesn't she know where Winterfell is for god's sake?  She's queen in the North.  For what possible reason did the writers throw that line in there?
Why has she never apologized to Robb or Cat or anyone for the massive strain she put on Robb by marrying him and causing him to lose part of his army and lose face with his bannermen?
For that matter, why did she even care about marrying Robb?  She's a modern, independent woman who is anti war to boot, wouldn't it have been more in line with her characterization to be his mistress, thus, preventing the breech of his men and likely causing the war to drag on?  She never ever mentions marriage to him or children.  She has no family in Westeros who would be scandalized if she didn't marry Robb but was his mistress at least until he won the war.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 29 May 2013 - 07:23 PM.
6017	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-29	I have no opinion of a guy who's not shown but only once and never shown again.And to be honest I'm tired of arguing the same things. Many things have been posted on numerous threads aside from this one why the writing is not good. I haven't seen you list any reasons why it's oh so great and superior to anything Martin could write. But just to give an example of a scene, I hated the Lannister boys scene. She came off stuck up to me. I don't know if it was the facial expressions the actress makes added in with the lines or what, but she didn't seem all that kind and caring to me when she spoke to them.And it is kind of uppity when you want to claim how she's better because she's modern when in fact this series isn't supposed to be a modern one. I don't understand the logic in that.Shall we play 'Name That Fallacy!' with this entire statement? You've done more to discount your own opinion with this one post than I ever could. You know what? Let's play. We'll go line-by-line here...(Paraphrasing, here):"I have no opinion about a guy who shows up only once and is never seen again."Would that be because of the fact that he may contradict the stance that she was traveling through this battlefield alone and unaccompanied, which is a major point that people who dislike Talisa like to make when discussing how "horrible" and "unrealistic" she is? Probably. Then you go on to say that, because it's been done before, you'll conveniently skip past coming up with any actual criticism. And after that, you claim that you... "Haven't seen [me] list any reasons about why it's 'So great, and superior to anything Martin could write'..."Except, I never said that. In fact, no one is this entire thread (or any other that I've read or taken part in) has said that. I did say that I prefer Talisa - as a character - to Jeyne Westerling. Because I do. Jeyne was a walking, talking plot point, and I caught on to that from the second she was introduced. Then you go on to list her facial expression as the reason for why you hated that scene between Talisa and Martin & Willem Lannister. She wasn't "kind and caring", and yet she's taking care of their wounds... Her performance is bad because you "didn't like her lines" (what about them didn't you like, exactly) and because of you feel that she's "stuck up". Okay...I also never claimed (and again, don't think anyone has) that she is "better" because she is "modern". So - as it concerns both this post and several posts made by yourself and Cas Stark in this topic - we've got six very common logical fallacies: Begging the Question (otherwise known as a Circular Argument)* Pretending to know much (and I'm also included in this one) about how things worked and operated in the aftermath of a medieval battle, when we clearly don't. Not to mention that this story takes place in a fantasy world... *Fallacy of Division* Some women were known to have been raped in the aftermath of medieval battles, therefore that is the case with all women who found themselves in that situation. *False Dilemma* Either Talisa is a spy, or none of her story line makes sense (the spy theory, in and of itself, doesn't make sense to me).*Non Sequitur* Talisa must be a spy, because she was writing letters. *Red Herring * So the number of interviews Oona Chaplin has done pertaining to her role as Talisa is relevant, to this discussion, why exactly? Wouldn't it stand to reason that that has more direct correlation with how relatively small her role is, rather than the fact that she isn't getting interviewed because people don't like her character (.....................)? *And obviously, your latest, the Straw Man Argument, which shouldn't require any explanation.
6018	Winter In My Heart	2013-05-29	Wow seeing as I never said much involving the Talisa spy theory there's really no point in responding.It's funny how people want to keep rehashing everything. There's numerous posts in, not just this thread, but many threads of how the character isn't all that great? This is just starting to feel like a circle that never ends so there's no point to continually repeat oneself.And yes there was someone who said she was better because she's modern.If Talisa did in fact have someone protecting her it makes sense they would be actually shown, instead of just her riding on the back if some cart, and even given a name. The actor wouldn't need any lines just some sort of appearance.And wow okay.. So on this site you need to list every tiny detail you don't like a scene.. Yes she tended to their wounds but the way she ACTED towards them and how she SPOKE towards them came off snobby. Someone kind and caring isn't going to act uppity and superior to someone. It matters little that she's tending their wounds if she is basically belittling them. Obviously that was my personal vibe I got from her. I can understand if people saw that scene differently but it's ridiculous to discredit my not liking it because 'oh not liking the way the actress handled it is a horrible reason'. I never said it was the best reason but my inference of the scene was that she acted snobby towards two boys much younger than herself.But whatever because I don't like a character my opinion 'doesn't matter'. I could care less if someone likes the character but to use idiotic reasons as to why she's better even though her storyline is horribly modern and definitely worse than other characters is beyond me.
6019	Cas Stark	2013-05-29	Shall we play 'Name That Fallacy!' with this entire statement? You've done more to discount your own opinion with this one post than I ever could.You know what? Let's play. We'll go line-by-line here...(Paraphrasing, here):"I have no opinion about a guy who shows up only once and is never seen again."Would that be because of the fact that he may contradict the stance that she was traveling through this battlefield alone and unaccompanied, which is a major point that people who dislike Talisa like to make when discussing how "horrible" and "unrealistic" she is? Probably.Then you go on to say that, because it's been done before, you'll conveniently skip past coming up with any actual criticism. And after that, you claim that you..."Haven't seen [me] list any reasons about why it's 'So great, and superior to anything Martin could write'..."Except, I never said that. In fact, no one is this entire thread (or any other that I've read or taken part in) has said that. I did say that I prefer Talisa - as a character - to Jeyne Westerling. Because I do. Jeyne was a walking, talking plot point, and I caught on to that from the second she was introduced.Then you go on to list her facial expression as the reason for why you hated that scene between Talisa and Martin & Willem Lannister. She wasn't "kind and caring", and yet she's taking care of their wounds... Her performance is bad because you "didn't like her lines" (what about them didn't you like, exactly) and because of you feel that she's "stuck up". Okay...I also never claimed (and again, don't think anyone has) that she is "better" because she is "modern".So - as it concerns both this post and several posts made by yourself and Cas Stark in this topic - we've got six very common logical fallacies:Begging the Question (otherwise known as a Circular Argument)* Pretending to know much (and I'm also included in this one) about how things worked and operated in the aftermath of a medieval battle, when we clearly don't. Not to mention that this story takes place in a fantasy world... *Fallacy of Division* Some women were known to have been raped in the aftermath of medieval battles, therefore that is the case with all women who found themselves in that situation. *False Dilemma* Either Talisa is a spy, or none of her story line makes sense (the spy theory, in and of itself, doesn't make sense to me).*Non Sequitur* Talisa must be a spy, because she was writing letters. *Red Herring * So the number of interviews Oona Chaplin has done pertaining to her role as Talisa is relevant, to this discussion, why exactly? Wouldn't it stand to reason that that has more direct correlation with how relatively small her role is, rather than the fact that she isn't getting interviewed because people don't like her character (.....................)? *And obviously, your latest, the Straw Man Argument, which shouldn't require any explanation.I respectfully suggest that it may be you who doesn't understand all the terms you are throwing around, and further will comment that its not really realistic to ask people to provide a line by line analysis of the script going to back to last year in order that they and their opinions not be treated in a condescending manner.  People may obsess over details, but that is taking things a little too far, in my opinion.I'm glad you enjoy Talisa's character.  We will have to agree to disagree on the rest of your post, especially your understanding and use of the bolded terms and how they apply to this discussion.  Numerous, specific issues have been raised in this thread and in other threads about the same subject.  If you choose to dismiss them, that is certainly your perogative.
6020	Titus Pullo	2013-04-03	I think we all know what happens here. 
I'm going to miss her humanness, so to speak. ... Brilliant actress. Perfect for the role.
Mark it down, around 9:55 EST, and note the collective groan rumble skyward from the legions of the unwitting among us.
I do hope, if nothing else, Smalljon pimp slaps Raymond with a mutton leg.
6021	Fuse Prime	2013-04-04	You have no idea how much I've wanted to tell friends and co-workers (all of whom have not read any of the book) that this is the episode that will make this season.  I've only ever told them that this will be the season.
6022	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-04	I do hope, if nothing else, Smalljon pimp slaps Raymond with a mutton leg.then turn it into gif form
					
					
							Edited by StarkTagaryen, 21 April 2013 - 03:29 PM.
6023	Eogh	2013-04-04	Hopefully the reactions among the unsullied will be epic. I'm only concerned that the tv fans don't really seem to care for Robb's storyline nearly as much as book readers did. That's at least the impression I get from people I know who watch the show but can't seem to understand written words.
6024	*expletivedeleted*	2013-04-04	My brother is unsullied. He asked me for spoilers about Robb ("Come on, he is totally gunna sit the Iron Throne!") and when i told him, he thought i was bullshitting.
Cant wait to see his reaction.
6025	ebevan91	2013-04-04	Hopefully the reactions among the unsullied will be epic. I'm only concerned that the tv fans don't really seem to care for Robb's storyline nearly as much as book readers did. That's at least the impression I get from people I know who watch the show but can't seem to understand written words.The show needs to make Robb do something badass this season so the viewers will like him more.
6026	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	The show needs to make Robb do something badass this season so the viewers will like him more.They really do need to build him up more and I think he is going to use the slaughter at Harrenhal as a sort of rallying point for his troops and maybe they take a castle or two in the Westerlands? I think that they do need to change the context of Karstarks betrayal though, he has to do something more drastic then just kill two prisoners. Maybe he will do something to seriously threaten Cat or Talisa's life? Robb's actions need to be justified in the viewers eyes.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 04 April 2013 - 10:41 PM.
6027	Titus Pullo	2013-04-05	They really do need to build him up more and I think he is going to use the slaughter at Harrenhal as a sort of rallying point for his troops and maybe they take a castle or two in the Westerlands?I think that they do need to change the context of Karstarks betrayal though, he has to do something more drastic then just kill two prisoners. Maybe he will do something to seriously threaten Cat or Talisa's life? Robb's actions need to be justified in the viewers eyes.That's an interesting idea, yes. ...   I don't really care for the actor that plays Lord Karstark, tbo...   He seems wild-eyed and sorta flat in his delivery.
6028	age	2013-04-05	This was one of the most powerful scenes I've ever read. I was absolutely livid, threw the book at the wall and stormed outside fuming. GRRM being able to completely shock you like this is one of the defining features of the books, I hope it translates well to the screen.
6029	LordStoneheart	2013-04-05	Quick Q, are we calling non-book readers Unsullied? If so, I love it!
6030	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-05	My mum is show watcher, and is carrying on about how much she loves Robb... I'm the world's worst liar so keeping a straight face has become an art form for me.
6031	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-05	If they are going to give the backstory of the song, and I'm assuming they will, given the episode title, they'd better do it in the same episode. Anytime before that, and the title will be a dead giveaway.
6032	Hotpie4theironthrone	2013-04-05	I have been fixated with the image of the sword being thrust through Robb's chest ever since reading that chapter. They better do it well!
Interestingly, how much time do you think will be spent on all of this? I don't see them devoting an entire episode to it like Blackwater but i would be good if half, or at least a third of the episode went to this. They need time to build up the sense of foreboding.
Also, how obvious will they make it that Roose is the one that kills Robb?
Either way, i cannot wait for this episode and to see the reaction!
6033	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-05	I think it would be great if we had a scene where someone like Tyrion explains to someone(maybe Shae) the backstory of the RoC, while it's being played by a singer at King's Landing, and the scene ends with Tyrion warning Shae to beware of the consequences of crossing Tywin Lannister.Then, at Edmure's wedding feast, things start to get out of hand. Out of the blue, we hear Grey Wind howl, with Robb and Cat both hearing it and suddenly becoming alert. Everything goes quiet. And then we hear the band start to softly sing "And who, are you, the proud lord said?"That in itself, would just cause the audience to go, "Awww, shit." And then cue the massacre, as the music gets louder and louder. D and D have said that the music will play a big role in the scene.At least that's how I picture it in my head anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 April 2013 - 07:20 AM.
6034	ebevan91	2013-04-05	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.
6035	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-05	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.yes, I love Arya but I want this!I also want in season four a good amount of grief from Sansa, Jon, Bran, Rickon etc and Arya to just become cold with rage and more murderous, because I want her character to go from cold blooded 'lone wolf' to being part of the pack again by the end of the story. Traumatised, damaged  but I see it coming full circle with her and Sansa being closer than close.
6036	samih	2013-04-05	I think it would be great if we had a scene where someone like Tyrion explains to someone(maybe Shae) the backstory of the RoC, while it's being played by a singer at King's Landing, and the scene ends with Tyrion warning Shae to beware of the consequences of crossing Tywin Lannister.Then, at Edmure's wedding feast, things start to get out of hand. Out of the blue, we hear Grey Wind howl, with Robb and Cat both hearing it and suddenly becoming alert. Everything goes quiet. And then we hear the band start to softly sing "And who, are you, the proud lord said?"That in itself, would just cause the audience to go, "Awww, shit." And then cue the massacre, as the music gets louder and louder. D and D have said that the music will play a big role in the scene.At least that's how I picture it in my head anyway.That's awesome man. I also think that before they start singing it they will show the drummer pounding on his drum and hopefully that will be the cameo role of Coldplay's drummer.
6037	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I'm starting to worry about what the reaction of my unspoiled friends who come over every week to watch the show will be.  One of them is a huge Robb fan although he always talks about how Robb is screwed.
That, and I'm going to bawl like a little baby, which could be a little awkward.  Need to find the right amount of booze so I am numbed but not maudlin.
6038	Abaddon	2013-04-05	Also, some have suggested that there will be people will quit the show over it.  I am sure there will be some of those, but I don't think there will be that many.  However, I wonder if a lot of "unsullied" show-only viewers will go out and read the books (or more likely read synopsis of the books online) to see what is to come just to find out if it gets any less depressing.  I think that's a more likely reaction for a lot of people, personally.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 05 April 2013 - 09:45 AM.
6039	bluemoon	2013-04-05	This was one of the most powerful scenes I've ever read. I was absolutely livid, threw the book at the wall and stormed outside fuming. GRRM being able to completely shock you like this is one of the defining features of the books, I hope it translates well to the screen.Haha i threw the book at the wall as well, i felt as though i had been kicked in the stomach.
6040	ebevan91	2013-04-05	Haha i threw the book at the wall as well, i felt as though i had been kicked in the stomach.My reaction was pretty much thishttp://cdn1.sbnation...ndard_709.0.gif
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 05 April 2013 - 05:34 PM.
6041	Head of The Ned	2013-04-05	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.Yup. I can see it in my head already:
	Spoiler  Shortly after the massacre Arya runs away from the Hound and begins to make her way to the Twins, she's getting closer, she knows that something is wrong but she doesn't care she just wants to see her mother and brother, right before she gets to the drawbridge or whatever we hear the sound of steel being unsheathed, a quick gasp from Arya and fade to black, maybe throw in another wolf howl just to make it that much more of a mindf*ck 

					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 05 April 2013 - 08:18 PM.
6042	Words of Winter	2013-04-05	I wonder if D&D will portray the two competing towers and then merge the two into RoC and use that.  I think it might be more powerful if the wedding 'music' RoC fades and it replace with the wonderfully surreal RoC by The National. I can envision a slow motion sword thrust with an overlay of RoC by The National while all the people inside and out are slaughtered.  It would be powerful, but not the same as the din of a unified RoC from both towers.
6043	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-05	My prediction: Arya will free herself from The Hound and try to run into the castle, only to see an unseen hand whack her in the head with the side of an axe. The last shot will pretty much be slow motion(a la Ned's last moments) with Catelyn hysterically laughing with blood streaming down her fingers right before someone slits her throat...
Cut to black.
6044	Dysun	2013-04-06	I've always imagined it would cut to black with Cat saying "But Ned loves my hair" as they slit her throat.
I could also see it being very stunning ending with the Arya-fake out or  showing Robb's body with Grey Wind's head on it.
6045	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	I've always imagined it would cut to black with Cat saying "But Ned loves my hair" as they slit her throat.I could also see it being very stunning ending with the Arya-fake out or  showing Robb's body with Grey Wind's head on it.The top part is how I imagine it will be.The second part of the bottom I could only imagine as a sort-of flashback as Tyrion tells Sansa about it. Or I forget if he tells the specifics...
6046	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-06	The top part is how I imagine it will be.The second part of the bottom I could only imagine as a sort-of flashback as Tyrion tells Sansa about it. Or I forget if he tells the specifics...He leaves out the grisly parts about Robb's head and Cat's naked body thrown into the river. We find that out in Davos' chapter, as well as the meeting Tyrion has with Tywin, Joffrey and the rest.
6047	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	He leaves out the grisly parts about Robb's head and Cat's naked body thrown into the river. We find that out in Davos' chapter, as well as the meeting Tyrion has with Tywin, Joffrey and the rest.Oh ok, either way I figured it would be through small scene flashbacks. Depends on how brutal they want to be. Ned's death was done quite minimalist I thought.
6048	Kasrith	2013-04-06	I do hope, if nothing else, Smalljon pimp slaps Raymond with a mutton leg.I'm afraid there is no Smalljon this season.Love the name btw Titus Pullo
6049	Nuttz	2013-04-06	I always thought the final shot of the episode would be a wide shot of Arya running towards the wedding as The Hound rides up behind her and swings his axe, both silhouetted by fire and shit behind them.
But then I thought of the money that would cost.
6050	David of Kent	2013-04-07	It's been absolutely delicious knowing this is to come and participating in conversations with "tv only" fans of the series.  I have one friend from the States who is not watching this series (having read the books) as she thinks the Red Wedding is going to be too distressing.  Now THAT'S investment in the characters.......or just crazy
And yes, I shall also be pleased is they end the series with it looking as though Arya too has been finished off....only to mess with the tv'ers.
					
					
							Edited by David of Kent, 07 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
6051	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	Hopefully the reactions among the unsullied will be epic. I'm only concerned that the tv fans don't really seem to care for Robb's storyline nearly as much as book readers did. That's at least the impression I get from people I know who watch the show but can't seem to understand written words.I agree.  None of my friends are huge Rob fans and that really needs to change for the RW to be affecting.  Everyone does love Arya however, so making it seem like she dies for at least one episode would add to the horror.  I just hope they don't end with the ax flying toward her head.My ideal ending would begin similar to this: Then, at Edmure's wedding feast, things start to get out of hand. Out of the blue, we hear Grey Wind howl, with Robb and Cat both hearing it and suddenly becoming alert. Everything goes quiet. And then we hear the band start to softly sing "And who, are you, the proud lord said?"Then the music the swells and takes over as the massacre happens with little other sound.  Have it be almost a grotesque dance, including a shot of Grey Wind outside fighting his attackers and Arya running from the Hound and axe flying.  Then go to blackout right as Catelyn's throat is slit and she falls.  Maybe she sees Robb's dead face one more time before the blackout, then the last line of the song plays over the beginning of the credits.I feel I may have over-choreographed this in my head and can't help but be disappointed now.
6052	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	Also, I think it will be Jaime that tells the story of the Reynes of Castamere to Brienne sometime during their journey.  He'll be singing or humming the song which will annoy her and then he'll tell her the story behind it, whether she wants to hear it or not.
6053	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-07	I knew the RW was going to happen when I read the book and it still felt like a kick in the privates. This episode could be the defining moment of the show.
6054	Dareaper	2013-04-07	I cheated and knew it was coming.  I remembered every robb chapters going oh pleaesel no... When it finally happened i tossed my book and fumed.  My worry is not enough ppl like  robb, i want the reaction to be like mnn
6055	Mr Hodor	2013-04-08	My ideal ending of this would be axe at the back of arya's head. that way tv viewers will thinks its 3 down and not 2. i want one week of agony one week of people screaming.
6056	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I suspected it was going to happen and was in denial when he brought them bread in salt, because I swear at many points in aSoS it made it clear that you do not break guest right. but she grabbed that guy's arm and felt the chain mail I realized something was definitely going to happen. I reread the last few pages over and over before I accepted the last sentence...
6057	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	I suspected it was going to happen and was in denial when he brought them bread in salt, because I swear at many points in aSoS it made it clear that you do not break guest right. but she grabbed that guy's arm and felt the chain mail I realized something was definitely going to happen. I reread the last few pages over and over before I accepted the last sentence...Yeah, i did a huge double-take, i must have gone over it half-a-dozen times till i accepted it. It still messes with me on re-reads.
6058	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	This was one of the most powerful scenes I've ever read. I was absolutely livid, threw the book at the wall and stormed outside fuming. GRRM being able to completely shock you like this is one of the defining features of the books, I hope it translates well to the screen.I teared a bit.  I kept denying it and kept rereading the last couple pages.  I could not believe it and oh god, that was the saddest thing I ever read in a book.  When I hear the Rains of Castamere in the episode... I don't want it to happen /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I am also begging my friend to read faster and stay offline.  I want him to read RW before it happens in the show.  I'm rereading the book as well and I am dreading that chapter.
6059	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-04-09	I genuinely can't wait for this episode.  Watching with 3 non-book readers (well 1 who's reading but staying behind the series) I expect their reaction to be quite extreme. 1 is a big Stark fan.
I have a really clear image of this episode in my head, hope it lives up to it - especially with Arya, that has to be the closing scene, just cut to black.  I swear one of my friends was on the verge of tears after the battle of Blackwater because he thought Tyrion had died, I'm hoping this will have an even more extreme response!
6060	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	I was more angry that there were no Robb POV chapters than the fact that he was killed.
I'm sure there will be people who stop watching regardless, but I think that if Robb doesn't fight back then a lot more people will quit, or at least be REALLY dissatisfied.  To the point where it's "wow I never saw that coming!" or "wow I never saw that coming, and it's total BULLSHIT!"
6061	Mr Hodor	2013-04-09	my cousin thinks robb will win the war....
i probably will travel around 2000 kms to capture his reaction
6062	TheDarkOne	2013-04-09	Many people have posted about the widespread shock and awe of this moment. I'm not sure that's the way it will go. Even the people I know who haven't read the books know it's coming, its been spoiled on the internet everywhere by trolls. The guy I knew saw it in an ESPN forum about baseball. People are posting it everywhere. By the time it happens there might be a few people who are stilled surprised but I'm not thinking it will be millions or anything.
Most book readers like myself would love to see that moment recreated for others, but sadly times have changed. The cat is out of the bag to most.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 09 April 2013 - 03:36 PM.
6063	Ser Chops	2013-04-09	Meh I really dont want to watch this.. but I will of course. I expect I'll flip my chair, just as I did when I read it. Only with less tears and swearing
6064	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-09	As horrible as this moment was to read the first time (my book did indeed go flying out of my hands), I can't wait to see the epic, grisly horror of it put to screen.  Not to mention the reactions of my friends and family who don't yet have a clue...
6065	Jinjonator	2013-04-09	My only hope is that the very last shot of the episode is Robb with Grey Wind's head. It's too iconic of an image to not show, and the only proper place to show it is at the very end. Leave people with a shocking impression.
6066	zeus	2013-04-09	i know so many people who will be pissed at this episode 
my friends have been wanting me to give them hints on what will happen but i havent even mentioned this just so i can see their reaction haha
6067	LyannaStargaryen	2013-04-09	I also think this will be an epic episode, and anticipate the Internet breaking if all the non-book readers make it through unspoiled.  
Anyone think (or hope) that Talisa will also bite it in the RW?  In the books at least, Lord Frey was disgruntled to not be able to welcome Jeyne when Robb and Cat arrive at the Twins (I.e. the old proud man is cranky he won't get to cut off the head of the little girl that made his family look stupid and stole the hand of a King).
I can't see a good reason in show canon for Robb leaving Talisa at Riverrun (and indeed, based on her headstrong doctor portrayal I doubt he'd prevail upon her to stay).  And I can't see any future importance she could have once Robb is dead:  she's from Volantis, even more of a "nobody" than Jeyne Westerling and of a lesser house, and its not as though the Northmen would flock to her cause as widow of the King in the North.
6068	int11	2013-04-09	Many people have posted about the widespread shock and awe of this moment. I'm not sure that's the way it will go. Even the people I know who haven't read the books know it's coming, its been spoiled on the internet everywhere by trolls.Speaking of trolls, I've never understood the urge to ruin an experience for other people. I had an incredible experience reading the books, particularly this chapter, and I wish for everyone to enjoy it as much as I did. What kind of pleasure is gained by spoiling major events for others? Maybe it's the easiest, and sometimes the only, way for some individuals to get attention.Unfortunately, one of the major newspapers in my country featured an article about the RW on their website. The headline referred to the "most shocking" scene in the series, so I'm sure it was read by a lot of people even though it contained a warning. The sad thing is, in my mind, that GRRM and the show creators have worked hard for years to build up to this event, only for it to be diminished (though not losing all of its emotional value) by a hack journalist for a few more page views.Oh well. Luckily, the people I watch the show with haven't been spoiled yet.When it comes to the show's version of the RW I'm trying not to get my hopes up too much. The scene has been highly anticipated by us readers for a long time, and it's definitely a hard scene to adapt. I'm not saying I don't have faith in the show -- I do think it's going to be a great episode -- but I'm trying not to think about it too much for my own sake. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Other than that ... I can't wait.ETA: I didn't "enjoy" the RW; I enjoyed how it, and the book in general, made me feel.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 09 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
6069	The Red Lamb Chop	2013-04-10	I don't necessarily think that just because people know Robb will die will detract from the shock of it.There's a difference between knowing someone will die and then watching them and everyone allied to them get brutally slaughtered at a wedding reception. It's the brutality that will define the shock, not who dies.I mean, I'm gonna need time to recover from watching it, and I know the details already. Those are much harder to spoil.Also, at least from the few people I know that have been spoiled (not by me of course), they only know Robb dies, not Catelyn. When I read it, I felt like more of the emotion came from her death. If they can do that right... I shudder to even think about. And if they play it as though Arya died too...
6070	insertname	2013-04-10	Speaking of trolls, I've never understood the urge to ruin an experience for other people. I had an incredible experience reading the books, particularly this chapter, and I wish for everyone to enjoy it as much as I did. What kind of pleasure is gained by spoiling major events for others? Maybe it's the easiest, and sometimes the only, way for some individuals to get attention.Unfortunately, one of the major newspapers in my country featured an article about the RW on their website. The headline referred to the "most shocking" scene in the series, so I'm sure it was read by a lot of people even though it contained a warning. The sad thing is, in my mind, that GRRM and the show creators have worked hard for years to build up to this event, only for it to be diminished (though not losing all of its emotional value) by a hack journalist for a few more page views.Yeah, it's usually for attention or so someone can feel 'smart' for knowing more than others.I don't think the spoiling will do too much damage though. Yeah it's been around a lot, but first of all there are still enough that haven't been spoiled at all and more importantly...Come on, it's pretty much obvious that Robb's going to bite it, or at least something bad happens to him. It's the way it works that will really shock them. I do hope they include the guest hospitality thing, how no one ever does any harm after you've accepted bread and salt, so they get a breather thinking "Okay, not yet" and then - BAM.
6071	kevin1989	2013-04-10	Strange, I liked it when Robb died. I hated him for some reason. But I was shocked. But when Cat died /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> That I didn't understand why she had to go. And sad for Arya, poor girl.
So for me it will be mixed feelings. When Robb dies, I'm: Yeaaah. When cat dies, I'm crying.
But still one of the biggest moments in the books.
6072	Olympia	2013-04-10	Is it really sure that this is going to be the RW? Because I've always assumed that since they're going to cut ASoS into two seasons, they're just going to kill off the king we hate and spare the one we like and let him live before the fourth season /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I am extremely sad.
					
					
							Edited by thehightowers, 10 April 2013 - 12:08 PM.
6073	wandering	2013-04-10	I genuinely can't wait for this episode.  Watching with 3 non-book readers (well 1 who's reading but staying behind the series) I expect their reaction to be quite extreme. 1 is a big Stark fan.I have a really clear image of this episode in my head, hope it lives up to it - especially with Arya, that has to be the closing scene, just cut to black.  I swear one of my friends was on the verge of tears after the battle of Blackwater because he thought Tyrion had died, I'm hoping this will have an even more extreme response!That's one sure way to end up disappointed.
6074	wandering	2013-04-10	I don't necessarily think that just because people know Robb will die will detract from the shock of it.There's a difference between knowing someone will die and then watching them and everyone allied to them get brutally slaughtered at a wedding reception. It's the brutality that will define the shock, not who dies.I mean, I'm gonna need time to recover from watching it, and I know the details already. Those are much harder to spoil.Also, at least from the few people I know that have been spoiled (not by me of course), they only know Robb dies, not Catelyn. When I read it, I felt like more of the emotion came from her death. If they can do that right... I shudder to even think about. And if they play it as though Arya died too...Cat's death, and Ayra coming so close to being reuinted is just as heartbreaking, moreso than Robb dying for me personally.
6075	Professor Plum	2013-04-10	I want the end of the events of Chapter 51 and Chapter 52 to be occurring simulataneously - like, we'll see everyone dying and then Arya trying to get in to see her brother/mother..and then the episode ending with her being hit in the back of the head so everyone thinks she dies.
					
					
							Edited by Professor Plum, 10 April 2013 - 06:14 PM.
6076	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-10	Do you think that this will be told in the same vein as "Blackwater" where the entire episode is focusing on one event?
6077	insertname	2013-04-10	I doubt it will be a whole episode, but a good part of it surely.
6078	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	I expected Robb to die as soon as Grey Wind started going all crazy and Robb made the stupid, stupid decision of ignoring his behaviour. Gaaahhhh. That + people talking about ASOS being really dramatic + Roose Bolton being a nasty piece of work + the Frey girl being pretty, meant I was extremely suspicious and expecting things to go badly.
But yeah, it was way worse than even my worst imagination. But really memorable and really well done in the books. Can't wait to see it, bizarrely enough.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 06:59 PM.
6079	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Viewer feedback is going to be nothing compared to the amount of bitching and moaning that will happen on these forums after the episodes airs.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 07:02 PM.
6080	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	Viewer feedback is going to be nothing compared to the amount of bitching and moaning that will happen on these forums after the episodes airs.Lol, Ned Stark's death is so tame in comparison. The RW is basically the destruction of the Stark army, the Stark dynasty and the possibility that the Stark family might reunite.Such a shame Larry Williams got spoiled.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 07:08 PM.
6081	Dove	2013-04-10	I don't hate Talisa or anything but I'm hoping for good drama's sake, she's ousted as a traitor and replaces Jinglebell as being the person at the wedding who gets their throat slit by Cat. That, or she will be Lady Stoneheart's first kill instead of a few random Freys to give the moment more oomph.
6082	ebevan91	2013-04-10	I'm not so sure Cat would kill Talisa.
Would she do it if she thought Talisa was pregnant with Robb's potential heir/her grandson?
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 10 April 2013 - 08:25 PM.
6083	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	Talisa as Jinglebell would just not work. It was Cat's last attempt to save her son. She thought Walder would want to protect him, but "he was never much use."
Why would she haggle with Talisa?
unless...
Talisa Frey!!! It all makes sense now!
6084	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-10	Talisa as Jinglebell... that wouldn't work
Now, Talisa as Merrett... now we're talking /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6085	greatgeek	2013-04-11	Assuming that there will be no Jinglebell, it will probably be Lame Lothar that Cat kills.
6086	Mr Hodor	2013-04-11	why would uncat kill talisa?
6087	Sopranos With Swords	2013-04-11	Do you think that this will be told in the same vein as "Blackwater" where the entire episode is focusing on one event?As much as I want them to do it justice, I kind of hope this isn't the case. The fact that it is happening in episode 9 (the big event/game changer for the past two seasons) is already a hint to the few people who don't know its coming. I kind of want D&D to lead people into thinking the jaw-dropping moment will be in another storyline. I'm not sure which, I just hope that when it happens it is still a shock.I also think the iconic King wolf-head would be a chilling/amazing opener to ep 10.
6088	aedalia	2013-04-11	I'm getting goosebumps just reading this thread.
I was half spoilered on this scene (stupid Wikipedia...) but I misread it and thought the 2 met their end at Winterfell, so I was still surprised. Viewers are going to lose their minds. So excited!
6089	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-11	I remember how relieved I was when they partook of the bread and salt.  Then by the time the second loyalist was "off on duty" somewhere, I started getting a sinking feeling.
6090	Dove	2013-04-11	That whole chapter was really written incredibly well. The momentary relief, the mounting tension created by all the background details that're just so subtly off, and then finally the explosion of outrage at "... sends his regards." - I really hope they can nail it.
6091	AerionBrightflame	2013-04-12	If they don't end the ep with Arya taking an anonymous ax to the back of the head as she runs for The Twins, I will be absolutely livid. That would be the perfect cliffhanger. 
Also, I think it would be pretty awesome if the singer of the band that sings RoC is a cameo of Matt Berninger, the singer for The National.
6092	Rubacava	2013-04-12	Watch your expectations guys, this can be a huge let down
6093	ServantOnIce	2013-04-12	I just hope they keep in my favorite line, "I'm done with dancing for the NONCE!" -Edwyn Frey
6094	ServantOnIce	2013-04-12	That whole chapter was really written incredibly well. The momentary relief, the mounting tension created by all the background details that're just so subtly off, and then finally the explosion of outrage at "... sends his regards." - I really hope they can nail it.'D and D alluded to they think they pulled it off, which means they nailed it.  I have faith in'em.Doom Boom, Doom Boom
6095	int11	2013-04-12	D and D alluded to they think they pulled it off, which means they nailed it.  I have faith in'em.Cool. Do you remember where you read/heard that?
6096	jeffklm	2013-04-12	I also think the iconic King wolf-head would be a chilling/amazing opener to ep 10.Yes I see this too. Along with Cat's body getting thrown into the river. But perhaps after a scene where Arya gets hit on the back of her head by an unseen character. Mostly because I want the ending of ep 9 to be exactly as the ending of Cat's RW chapter, and not with Arya getting knocked out.
6097	The Fourth Head	2013-04-13	I was unspoiled before reading the RW. It left me catatonic with shock- for days. I simply couldn't get it out of my head- It's surely got to be the most horrifically depressing thing I have ever read, and frankly left me numb to the dramas of the PW. I never expected Robb to win any time soon, but I didn't expect it to end with such sudden finality without the Lannisters being directly involved.I think Walder Frey's facial expressions: the delight, the mockery, the gloating, and the Grey Wind/Robb imagery forms a massive part of the horror of the event, and of my subsequent loathing of the Frey's but I'm struggling to see how they will incorporate this into the episode whilst still providing the viewer with the OMG ending of Cat having her throat cut, or Arya "dying".The best way around this I can think of would be:a) Cutting to Walder Frey looking loathsomely delighted as Roose stabs Robb- a 1 second shot which would win 4 million people wishing his personal death./cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> continuing the scene in episode 10, as suggested, with the music stopped, Robb's body being the opening horrific shot, panning across the dead men outside, and Cat's body floating down the river, before picking up with "not dead" Arya.I would be so disappointed if they miss out Walder Frey's behaviour, because his reaction is the reason why I hate him so much more than Roose Bolton, even though it was Roose sticking the sword in.
6098	moonsblood	2013-04-13	I know I'm in the minority here but I hate Robb especially tv Robb, shame about Greywind though.  I cheered when Roose said "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" I just hope D&D don't fuck it up, as my faith in them is rapidly decreasing.
6099	Ser Janqarl	2013-04-13	Well, being a sadist as I am, I wish Arya doesn't even appear in episode 10 and only come back on season 4. But it would be impossible to maintain the lie, then I'll be satisfied with only one-week-of-unsullied-fans-suffering instead of a year-of-it HAHA
6100	Dove	2013-04-13	The thing about Robb and Grey Wind's bodies being defiled is that it's utterly horrific in the books because we only have the words and our imagination; actually showing it, I could almost see the wolf head being sewn on as looking really goofy if it's not done right.
Either way, the way Robb and Cat's bodies are treated really showed you what you're dealing with in the Freys. The RW is brutal enough, but then you add that in addition and you're just absolutely seeing red.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 13 April 2013 - 10:18 PM.
6101	Q the Cat	2013-04-13	Talisa as Jinglebell would just not work. It was Cat's last attempt to save her son. She thought Walder would want to protect him, but "he was never much use."Why would she haggle with Talisa?unless...Talisa Frey!!! It all makes sense now!Too funny!  And Cat would never kill Talisha.  I agree, my Lord!
6102	Q the Cat	2013-04-13	Also, I think it will be Jaime that tells the story of the Reynes of Castamere to Brienne sometime during their journey.  He'll be singing or humming the song which will annoy her and then he'll tell her the story behind it, whether she wants to hear it or not.That makes sense.  I've wondered about how non-book readers would respond to Rains of Castamere.  Would they even recognize the impending doom that song would intend to the Starks?  D&D will *have* to lay down some backstory.
6103	Dysun	2013-04-14	They've already had Bronn call it the Lannister song during Blackwater, and this season Thoros has sung it as well. If viewers haven't picked up on it they aren't really all that keen.
6104	Masamune	2013-04-14	Looking forward to it (which is certainly not how I felt when the books were spoiled for me). Can't wait to see D&D's horrendous treatment of the North subplot finished once and for all.
6105	The squid that squints	2013-04-14	David Bradley as Walder Frey is going to be chilling, heh.
6106	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-04-14	My main fear is that Talisa contaminates the Red Wedding, just as she as contaminated Robb "YOLO" Stark's character in general.
I bet Season 3 ends with the Lady-Stoneheart epilogue. Nothing she does in the epilogue spoils the reader for anything else from Storm of Swords that they are deferring to Season 4, and it will give the viewers a scrap of closure.
When I read the Red Wedding, I contacted, friends, acquaintances, and practical strangers whom I knew read ASOIAF, and begged desperately for hope. When I was still reading Clash of Kings, I declared to my elder cousin (who originally recommended ASOIAF to me) that victory for the King in the North was inevitable . "Robb Stark cannot be beaten on the battlefield," he said with a smirk. Damn.
6107	Sp_ey_der	2013-04-15	Here's how I want the scene panning out:First shot of Arya and Hound at say around dusk-ish with the sun setting and all, seeing the Twins from a distance.Change to a shot of a chat between Robb and Catelyn. In the background there's cheery songs going on, Umber leading it. Change to a shot of Edmure kissing Roslin while Catelyn notes how happy he is. Change to a snidy comment by Walder about  how boring the wedding is panning out to be compared to the bucketloads of weddings he's attended/ been a part of. He calls for the bedding, so as to have it finished soon. Change to a scene with a brawl between Bolton and one of the Freys. Robb stands up to calm Bolton down. Suddenly the music changes tempo to RoC. Grey Wind howls. An arrow fizzes past Robb's head, while one of the bannermen save Robb from the next sacrificing himself. Fighting in the background, with Starks being slaughtered because of the lack of weapons. Robb is taken on his knees and there's a close-up with his opponent standing behind him at sword point. Catelyn pleads, holding some young Frey (Jinglebell?) with a dagger through the throat. The camera closes to show nobody but Robb, and we hear 'Jaime Lannister sends his regards and the camera panning out to see not a Frey, but Bolton. Catelyn kills her man and we leave the scene with her being mad (like the book).Going back to Arya, they close in on the Twins and steel sounds in the camps outside, she tries to run inside when Hound is trying to tell her there's no point. BAM, end with an axe to the head.
6108	Sopranos With Swords	2013-04-15	I could almost see the wolf head being sewn on as looking really goofy if it's not done right.Either way, the way Robb and Cat's bodies are treated really showed you what you're dealing with in the Freys. The RW is brutal enough, but then you add that in addition and you're just absolutely seeing red.I agree, I'm not even sure what I'm expecting it to look like on screen. I still think they could do it well, but it seems like something they might be tempted to leave out. If they do skip it, they need something equally horrifying to still convey the utter brutality of the whole thing and just how twisted it was. It isn't enough for them just to be sly murderers, they have to be totally irredeemable so that when something as nasty as Frey pie happens, it actually seems like brilliant justice!
6109	Malgarroth	2013-04-15	I've informed my girlfriend that I HAVE to stay over her place on the night it happens... I don't want to be alone, Jaime's scene this week was bad enough. That and I want to film her reaction.
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 15 April 2013 - 04:03 PM.
6110	Rymun Royce	2013-04-15	I bumped into some fellow watcher friends on saturday by chance at a restaurant so we sat together and we briefly dicsussed the show. They have no idea whats going to happen. I did make the terrible mistake of one night, incredibly inhebriated, of telling one of the slowest people I know the entire plot up to Dance with Dragons, and during a beach trip she let out what happens to Robb to the other fans and I couldnt believe she did that and I swore I was never going to tell her anything, good thing she is really slow so she doesnt remember many things that well so she can ruin it.
Anyway, on saturday we discussed how things were and how slow the show is going (i dont care, I think the show is going well, actually to me its actually going better because we are just really close to the RW and Joffrey and Marg's which really just kicks everything in the chin) and talked about last season's cliffhanger with Samwell and the Walkers and that ending up becoming pointless and wondered where would the budget go, so I figured it would be gone to Dany's Dragon payment for the unsullied, the RW and apparently the battle at the Wall. This season may be the slowest to kick off but its certainly going to end with a bang. 
Also I hate how people have little patience and  little minds sometimes, this one girl saw the whole Cat being arrested as a stupid thing to do without thinking the political reasons for doing that. Then again, maybe during Cat's chapters she may have said something about it being Robb's duty and thats why I understand the whole thing better,
6111	AGirlCanFight	2013-04-15	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.Absolutely! My favorite character by far!  I was devastated and so angry while I read it  I want others to feel the same grief. lol.  Too bad they don't have the book to be able to immediately flip through the titles desperately looking for her name. haha.  That should be the very last scene.  A full shot of her running and then out of nowhere she turns around real quick and an ax starting to come down on the screen.  My friends are going to be antsy for a week. lol.
6112	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.I want this to happen so bad.  This is episode is going to be crazy.  I explained to my dad what the Rains of Castamere is about tonight but it won't be the same when it is explained in the show.  6 more episodes guys!!
6113	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	Quick Q, are we calling non-book readers Unsullied? If so, I love it!brilliant!
6114	Winter's Prince	2013-04-16	I believe it will be a full dedicated episode because there is so much
6115	shiola	2013-04-16	How well do you think the RW will be handled?  Do you think it will be as powerful as it was in the books, with the backstory now being different, and without the narration of Cat watching her "last" child die?
6116	shiola	2013-04-16	I'm sure the acting is going to absolutely gut me.  I love Michelle and Richard's relationship.  Their chemistry in the end of season 1 and beginning of season 2 was so amazing that what has happened since still hasn't dampened it for me.  I really do not want to watch this episode.  But at the same time I really, really do.
6117	Angalin	2013-04-16	<mod>
Book spoilers for TWoW need to be hidden behind spoiler tags or kept in the TWoW forum.  Thank you.
</mod>
6118	ebevan91	2013-04-16	I believe it will be a full dedicated episode because there is so muchIt will be obvious that something big is happening if it's a full episode. Maybe the episode should start with them arriving at the Twins, then near the end, the final 20 minutes or so is the RW.I've posted before that it should be a Stark-heavy episode. Here's what I'm hoping for:-Previously on Thrones and Opening theme-Robb and friends arrive at Twins-Jon arrives at Castle Black maybe?-Arya and the Hound reach the Trident, and they get on their boat and head for the Twins-Bran at the Nightfort/Sam meeting?-Preparations for the battle at Castle Black begin-SLAUGHTER TIME AT THE TWINS /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />, though the RW needs to be interrupted, cutting to Arya's POV, with her realizing something is wrong. THEN the final scene there should be Catelyn getting killed.-Next, while escaping the Twins, Arya gets whacked upside the head by the Hound (actually I hope they don't show his face so viewers think the Freys attacked her too). Then the screen cuts to black, then all of a sudden you hear the sound of a dire wolf running, and the screen opens back up through the eyes of Nymeria, watching the Brotherhood drag Catelyn's body out of the river. Credits begin with Rains of Castamere, or maybe one of those sad "Stark" tracks from season 1/2 (like Goodbye Brother, Winterfell, etc.)With that, each character in the episode gets plenty of screentime, not much cutting back and forth.Then, for a very disturbing opening for the finale, episode 10 should open up with complete silence, cutting to different views of the Twins after the slaughter, Grey Wind's head on Robb, dead bannermen, etc., then the next scene should be from Tyrion's POV, hearing screaming and crying coming from Sansa's room at King's Landing. Since the "Mhysa" scene might be ending the season, the scene before that should be Arya waking up.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 16 April 2013 - 09:35 PM.
6119	Katu	2013-04-17	I've red many post about people fearing that unsullied friends won't have such an amazing reaction about RW as book readers had, because unsullied friends simply don't like Robb and they predict his doom. I just hope that HBO shows at least something cool about Robb, which will give his fans back. What I wanted to say, that after Robb's marriage I also thought that he is doomed, till Cat's relief in Twins about guests safety. From that moment I was sure it will be alright /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> and so he spoke.. and so he spoke.. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Since the "Mhysa" scene might be ending the season, the scene before that should be Arya waking up.I think there would be more intrigue if Tyron finds his family laughing about RW, before arya wakes up.
6120	Warsaw	2013-04-17	EVERYONE IS GOING TO CRY SO MUCH.
6121	KARMAgrinder	2013-04-17	This destroyed me in my reading. Oh man, I can't wait to read my Facebook wall after this episode.
6122	vectner	2013-04-17	I've red many post about people fearing that unsullied friends won't have such an amazing reaction about RW as book readers had, because unsullied friends simply don't like Robb and they predict his doom. I just hope that HBO shows at least something cool about Robb, which will give his fans back. What I wanted to say, that after Robb's marriage I also thought that he is doomed, till Cat's relief in Twins about guests safety. From that moment I was sure it will be alright /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> and so he spoke.. and so he spoke.. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I knew ahead of time that Rob was going to die, but did not know the circumstances nor did I have any suspicion that Cat was going to get a red smile. So the whole chapter was a real shock, and I genuinely felt relief when Walder offered them bread and meat, because Catlyn was relieved. After I read the short Arya chapter and thought she was dead too, I threw the book across the room. I quickly picked it back up and thumbed through to see if she had another chapter, and I was very relieved I could do that.So my point is even if watchers know that Rob has it coming to him it will still be such a visceral shock they will not soon recover and the internet will explode. I can't wait.
6123	lostinasia	2013-04-17	I'm wondering if they'll do the whole thing as a flashback: open the episode with Stark bodies everywhere, or dead Catelyn on a riverbank, and then go back a week. I'm not saying I particularly like this idea, but I suspect by the time the episode comes around, many viewers are going to know it's the end of Robb, so the gut punch of his death won't be that effective - and maybe placing it at the very beginning, when no one expects it, would provide that gut punch. Making it more of a tragic doom rather than a long-spoiled "surprise" could be one way to deepen the shock.
Basically I hope there's something in the episode that throws me or surprises me, rather than just depicting what I've already read in the books. To be honest that's one of my biggest criticisms of the TV show so far: it's depicting the books well (especially this season so far), but not giving me much of a different perspective on them. The only exception that comes to mind is Margaery Tyrell, and I love how they're developing something the book leaves undepicted. TV's a different medium than novels, and I hope they can make use of that more: the visual shock of White Walkers' corpse patterns is one example; another is the way they edited Tyrion's manipulation of Littlefinger, Varys, and Maester Pycelle last season.
6124	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-17	I think its weird that people are saying that Rob needs to be built up for the RW to have an impact - most of my friends who haven't read it basically think that GoT is pretty much a story about the Starks with a lot of other shit going on around it.
6125	LordStoneheart	2013-04-17	I think its weird that people are saying that Rob needs to be built up for the RW to have an impact - most of my friends who haven't read it basically think that GoT is pretty much a story about the Starks with a lot of other shit going on around it.mmm.... uhh.... fine I'll say it... It basically is. Whether we want to admit it, and whether they're just grey, good, bad, or all turn out to be secret targs, that's what the series is mostly about. six out of nine POVs in book one (counting prologue) are Starks, and I am counting Jon because he is at a connected family member. the last book had a working title of A Time for Wolves. That's a bit flimsy, I know, but the "heroes" of the story are the Starks. GRRM said so in sports illustrated.There is a bigger picture with ice and fire, but that's why there's such a focus on starks and targaryens.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 17 April 2013 - 10:58 PM.
6126	Titus Pullo	2013-04-18	Cat's death, and Ayra coming so close to being reuinted is just as heartbreaking, moreso than Robb dying for me personally.Same...    but even worse for me was the 3 or 4 chapters when I actually thought Bran and Rickon were burned to death.At least for the RW I was somewhat numb to GRRM's level of raw by Book 3. .... Book 2 was still an ongoing process.
6127	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-18	mmm.... uhh.... fine I'll say it... It basically is. Whether we want to admit it, and whether they're just grey, good, bad, or all turn out to be secret targs, that's what the series is mostly about. six out of nine POVs in book one (counting prologue) are Starks, and I am counting Jon because he is at a connected family member. the last book had a working title of A Time for Wolves. That's a bit flimsy, I know, but the "heroes" of the story are the Starks. GRRM said so in sports illustrated.There is a bigger picture with ice and fire, but that's why there's such a focus on starks and targaryens.Yeah no doubt but I still think people who watch the show think the story is more Stark-centred than people who read the book. Basically I am saying that the RW will be gutting for a lot of fans.  They don't need to develop Robb's character to make that the case.
6128	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-18	I do a Dinner party every Sunday with some book readers some only show. I will definately be setting up the hidden camera that night for reaction shots /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6129	Dysun	2013-04-18	You'd be surprised how many people  cheered for Jaime this week and wrote things like "The North Remembers" from posters not even knowing what it really means lol, it's gonna be an epic meltdown
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 18 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
6130	grod823	2013-04-20	This is probably the greatest part of the series so far.   It really showed me as a reader that nothing is out of bounds with GRRM.   I truly hope that they remain true to the scene.
6131	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-04-21	why would uncat kill talisa?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg
6132	shiola	2013-04-21	I'm wondering if they'll do the whole thing as a flashback: open the episode with Stark bodies everywhere, or dead Catelyn on a riverbank, and then go back a week. I'm not saying I particularly like this idea, but I suspect by the time the episode comes around, many viewers are going to know it's the end of Robb, so the gut punch of his death won't be that effective - and maybe placing it at the very beginning, when no one expects it, would provide that gut punch. Making it more of a tragic doom rather than a long-spoiled "surprise" could be one way to deepen the shock.Basically I hope there's something in the episode that throws me or surprises me, rather than just depicting what I've already read in the books. To be honest that's one of my biggest criticisms of the TV show so far: it's depicting the books well (especially this season so far), but not giving me much of a different perspective on them. The only exception that comes to mind is Margaery Tyrell, and I love how they're developing something the book leaves undepicted. TV's a different medium than novels, and I hope they can make use of that more: the visual shock of White Walkers' corpse patterns is one example; another is the way they edited Tyrion's manipulation of Littlefinger, Varys, and Maester Pycelle last season.I disagree wholeheartedly with the notion that the TV show depicts the books well to the point that gives no different perspective.  And I have never heard this opinion elsewhere.  But that's off topic.The RW won't be done in a flashback.  That would ruin it for people who don't know it's coming.  It's one of the biggest, most pivotal points in the entire series.  If it's done as an exact duplicate of Catelyn and Arya's chapters, count me happy.
6133	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-22	I'm looking forward to see this, although I have to say I didn't feel it as much as for Cat and Robb as I did for poor Grey Wind /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 
I was actually glad that Cat was out, now that I think of it.
6134	shiola	2013-04-22	I'm looking forward to see this, although I have to say I didn't feel it as much as for Cat and Robb as I did for poor Grey Wind /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I was actually glad that Cat was out, now that I think of it.I will never understand this line of thinking.  Yes, it is very sad when animals die.  For some reason, it is sadder to people than when people die.  I am guilty of this line of thinking sometimes as well, but not here.I cannot understand "I do not like this character, I am glad they died."  when speaking about Cat.  What about Arya and Sansa who have to live knowing their mother is murdered?  What about Bran & Rickon?  Edmure and Blackfish?  She left behind many people and characters who cared deeply for her.  To be glad over that makes no sense to me.And it's not just about the deaths of Cat and Robb.  The Red Wedding is about the final decimation of the North.
6135	MarieAntoinette	2013-04-23	I'm really interested in how the RW will be handled. In the books it was Catelyn point of view that made it so heartbreaking for me, Robb getting stabbed in front of her eyes was horrible. I'm curious about Talisa also, I dislike this character and the story they have created for her, so I kind of hope that she just gets offed at the RW and that's it.
6136	JRR Markien	2013-04-23	It will be so hard for many viewers to digest the RW. Losing one of the best cast members in Richard Madden hurts pretty much. The show won't be the same without him /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
6137	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-23	It's very simple: I just didn't like Cat. I didn't enjoy her chapters except this one. I don't feel pity for the rest of the characters to be honest. They're in the middle of a war. If I were to feel sorry for every character who loses someone they love reading would be a bad experience for me.My feelings about Grey Wind have to do with the fact that they'll probably show it. When I read it I felt sorry for the poor animal, so loyal, dying far from his master, and that's all. Actually seeing it works differently for me. Somehow, I, like many others, are desensitized to human deaths but not to animals being killed... Anyway, that's an entirely different subject.
6138	PureAsTargs	2013-04-23	Is anyone else concerned that they haven't made a bigger deal out of guest right so far? Has it been mentioned in the show at all? I can't really remember.
6139	HailStannis	2013-04-23	The saddest part of the rw for me was the fact that it had been teased for pretty much the whole book that cat and arya were going to be reunited. I wasn't the biggest fan of cat but I was actually extremely happy for her. I suspected rob would eventually die, but I figured it would be the Boltons betraying him at the war in the north, NOT at a wedding! It was quite surreal with aryas chapter prior to the rw when she FINALLY caught up to cat after so many chapters of travelling. I was waiting the whole of cats chapter for arya and the hound to burst in the door and witness one of the true happy moments of the series. Wow... What a bait and switch that turned out to be! Even once rob was killed, I still clinged onto hope that cat would live and be reunited with a captured arya or something. It was shocking to me when she died. The arya chapter that followed only made me angrier. I didn't quite believe she was dead (it was out of character for the hound to kill her), but I was in such agony I'm fairly certain I flicked through the book to see if she had any more chapters. Without doing that I couldn't actually focus on the rest of the story.
6140	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-24	Lots of people are going to be surprised.  I'd imagine more than not.
Not everyone hangs out on the facebook pages and forums.  Lots of people live, ya know, normal lives off the internet and just watch the TV show.
6141	Starq	2013-04-24	I hope that at some point in this episode, or in the preceeding episodes, the story behind the song 'The Rains of Castamere' is explained. I hope there is mention of the Raine/Tarbeck Rebellion and how Tywin put them to the sword. I think this will make the RW scene even more epic IMO.
In one of the trailers Tyrion is quoted as saying something along the lines of "7 Kingdoms in fear of Tywin Lannister". Perhaps this is in reference to what he did to the Raines, so maybe there is a scene where Tyrion is explaining this...
Do you agree? And do you think it will happen?
6142	WheelofIceandFire	2013-04-24	Do you think Sansa will appear in this episode? Its obviously going to focus on the Starks and Robb, Cat and Arya are definitely going to be in it. I can also see Jon and Bran appearing but dont think they really need to feature Kings Landing. I love the scenes and characters at the KIngs Landing but they (Tyrion, Cersei etc) have been featured in almost every episode so far in the entire series and i think this episode would be better if it didnt feature anything at Kings Landing. They need to build up to the big moment throughout the night, and i wouldnt really like it if they go from a scene with Robb and Cat to a scene at Kings Landing (or anybody else to be honest, i think it would be best to just focus on the Starks instead of jumping to Tyrion/Cersei/Stannis/Dany etc)
					
					
							Edited by WheelofIceandFire, 24 April 2013 - 01:47 PM.
6143	Jacob17	2013-04-24	Most everyone is convinced that this episode will be all about the Red Wedding, which really suprised me because all along I had been assuming this episode will be about the Joffrey/Margery Purple Wedding.  "Rains of Castamere" seems a better description of the Purple Wedding than the Red Wedding.  Plus the show seems to be setting up the relationship between Joffrey and Margery. 
On the other hand, there is not a whole hell of a lot left for Robb to do. 
My best guess is that episode 9 will be about both Red and Purple Weddings:
		   They scratch the marriage between Tyrion and Sansa completely.
		   Tyrion spend all of season 4 in jail plotting his defense and escape. 
		   Season 4 culminates in the Tyrion patricide.
6144	ebevan91	2013-04-24	Nevermind lol
If you saw my pre-edit please disregard. I thought I was in the Episode 5 thread.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 24 April 2013 - 04:03 PM.
6145	jeffklm	2013-04-24	The saddest part of the rw for me was the fact that it had been teased for pretty much the whole book that cat and arya were going to be reunited. I wasn't the biggest fan of cat but I was actually extremely happy for her. I suspected rob would eventually die, but I figured it would be the Boltons betraying him at the war in the north, NOT at a wedding! It was quite surreal with aryas chapter prior to the rw when she FINALLY caught up to cat after so many chapters of travelling. I was waiting the whole of cats chapter for arya and the hound to burst in the door and witness one of the true happy moments of the series. Wow... What a bait and switch that turned out to be! Even once rob was killed, I still clinged onto hope that cat would live and be reunited with a captured arya or something. It was shocking to me when she died. The arya chapter that followed only made me angrier. I didn't quite believe she was dead (it was out of character for the hound to kill her), but I was in such agony I'm fairly certain I flicked through the book to see if she had any more chapters. Without doing that I couldn't actually focus on the rest of the story. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />That, and Cat's death too. I never understood all the hate for Cat. She's not my favorite character, but I never hated her either. When Robb died I wasn't sad for him. He had it coming for betraying his word. I was sad for Cat, because she had lost so much.
6146	kronosrx8	2013-04-25	I hope they have this scene in it http://s3-ec.buzzfed...66743965-10.jpg
Need to show how despicable the Freys are.
6147	shiola	2013-04-25	Most everyone is convinced that this episode will be all about the Red Wedding, which really suprised me because all along I had been assuming this episode will be about the Joffrey/Margery Purple Wedding.  "Rains of Castamere" seems a better description of the Purple Wedding than the Red Wedding.  Plus the show seems to be setting up the relationship between Joffrey and Margery.On the other hand, there is not a whole hell of a lot left for Robb to do.My best guess is that episode 9 will be about both Red and Purple Weddings:		   They scratch the marriage between Tyrion and Sansa completely.		   Tyrion spend all of season 4 in jail plotting his defense and escape.		   Season 4 culminates in the Tyrion patricide.No.  It's about the RW solely, not the PW.  It will be Blackwater-esque and focus on mostly one plot line.  The PW is 99% not going to be in this season.How is Raines of Castamere a better description for the PW?  It's the song that kicks off the slaughter in the RW...
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 25 April 2013 - 07:04 PM.
6148	LordStoneheart	2013-04-25	No.  It's about the RW solely, not the PW.  It will be Blackwater-esque and focus on mostly one plot line.  The PW is 99% not going to be in this season.How is Raines of Castamere a better description for the PW?  It's the song that kicks off the slaughter in the RW...They play it a lot at the PW, more of a celebration that a signal and warning. They play it in honor of Tywin and House Lannister in general.Though I'd have mixed feelings about it, I really could see them coming both weddings in one episode, with those at the PW laughing and having a jolly good time right after the RW scenes, and then BAM, Joff is toast...ed.. hehe...
6149	shiola	2013-04-26	Having both weddings in one episode (while an interesting idea) would severely weaken the impact of either one, I think.  And it's important for Sansa to know about the RW going into the PW.  As far as she knows she's going to her last living relative.
6150	Grand Miester Flash	2013-04-26	It's a shame that Atakuassemble has been spoiled as to this episode His reaction to Ned's Death was Priceless
6151	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-26	Most everyone is convinced that this episode will be all about the Red Wedding, which really suprised me because all along I had been assuming this episode will be about the Joffrey/Margery Purple Wedding.  "Rains of Castamere" seems a better description of the Purple Wedding than the Red Wedding.  Plus the show seems to be setting up the relationship between Joffrey and Margery.It makes sense because the whole song is about what happens when you fuck with Tywin Lannister. Plus they play the Rains of Castemere right before killing the Northmen, Cat, and Robb, In fact, as a reader, when Cat notices they're playing that song, you know some awful shit is about to go down. That rendition of the song is way more powerful than the 12 times they play it in the PW. There is nowhere near enough time to film both the RW and PW and do them both justice in the same 1 hour episode.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 26 April 2013 - 06:29 PM.
6152	Antonious Stark	2013-04-26	I really have to prepare myself emotionally and mentally for this episode. The build up we're seeing through Catelyn's grief is already enough.
6153	shiola	2013-04-26	I really have to prepare myself emotionally and mentally for this episode. The build up we're seeing through Catelyn's grief is already enough.I may have to request the following Monday off work, to drink myself into oblivion after this episode.  The Hound won't be able to keep up with me.
6154	Words of Winter	2013-04-27	I'm wondering if they'll do the whole thing as a flashback: open the episode with Stark bodies everywhere, or dead Catelyn on a riverbank, and then go back a week. I'm not saying I particularly like this idea, but I suspect by the time the episode comes around, many viewers are going to know it's the end of Robb, so the gut punch of his death won't be that effective - and maybe placing it at the very beginning, when no one expects it, would provide that gut punch. Making it more of a tragic doom rather than a long-spoiled "surprise" could be one way to deepen the shock.D&D said they were going to avoid flashback scenes.  Because of this I don't think they will use flashback.  One of them said something like,  "If we do one flashback scene, we'll have to do 1000. So no, no flashback scenes."
6155	jeffklm	2013-04-27	I think we can all definitely agree that this episode will end during the height of the RW. But what do you think will be the final scene? Cat getting slashed, Arya getting hit, GW's head on Robb?
I personally would like it to end with Cat getting her throat slashed, similar to Ned in S1E9. Then, similar to S1E10, opening scene for E10 is Arya getting knocked out (which will also be the last scene of Arya until S4 for cliffhanger). Then GW!Robb + Cat getting thrown into the water. E10 ends with BwB finding Cat's body, and the kiss of life.
					
					
							Edited by jeffklm, 28 April 2013 - 05:30 AM.
6156	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-27	I don't hate Talisa or anything but I'm hoping for good drama's sake, she's ousted as a traitor and replaces Jinglebell as being the person at the wedding who gets their throat slit by Cat. That, or she will be Lady Stoneheart's first kill instead of a few random Freys to give the moment more oomph. I really like this particularly the latter with Stoneheart.
6157	ebevan91	2013-04-27	I just hope they keep the killing of Jinglebell/Aegon Frey.
6158	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-27	I think we can all definitely agree that this episode will end during the height of the RW. But what do you think will be the final scene? Cat getting slashed, Arya getting hit, GW's head on Robb?I personally would like it to end with Cat getting her throat slashed, similar to Ned in S1E9. Then, similar to S1E10, opening scene for is Arya getting knocked out (which will also be the last scene of Arya until S4 for cliffhanger). Then GW!Robb + Cat getting thrown into the water. E10 ends with BwB finding Cat's body, and the kiss of life.I think Robb will get offed and then we will see Catelyn freak out, screaming and laughing maniacally. Then the camera zooms into her face and a sound effect is made to insinuate she was stabbed, coupled with Cat gasping as one does when stabbed, and the scene cuts on her facial expression of her last breath as Catelyn Stark as she falls to her knees. Roll credits.
6159	oprahnoodlemantra	2013-04-28	I think Robb will get offed and then we will see Catelyn freak out, screaming and laughing maniacally. Then the camera zooms into her face and a sound effect is made to insinuate she was stabbed, coupled with Cat gasping as one does when stabbed, and the scene cuts on her facial expression of her last breath as Catelyn Stark as she falls to her knees. Roll credits.That would be an awful ending. It's gotta end with Arya meeting the Hound's axe.
6160	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-28	They actually didn't sing it in the scene, I thought... It's just an instrumental. Which is creepier. In my head I pictured it as just this obnoxiously loud instrumental, with hardly anyone even making a sound due to being super drunk, sleeping, or otherwise caught off guard.
I knew something awful happened at a wedding and I knew Robb was going to die but nothing felt really off to me until that guy randomly raised his voice for no reason. I pictured it in a pretty large room that was mostly empty and really really quiet and so it was a really unsettling image. 
Also, I personally think it's going to happen in episode 8. Just because they know we've come to expect the big climax in episode 9. Its a conspiracy I tells ya.
And they mentioned guest right sort of in episode 4, but barely. Just before Jeor dies, he tries telling them that the gods will have their heads or whatever and one guy is all "there are no laws north of the wall." I'm sure it'll get more mentions before the actual event. Probably when Jaime arrives in Harrenhal. And I think Jaime will tell Brienne about Rains of Castamere when he tells her the story of why he killed the mad king. Probably talk about how his identity was wrapped up in that hand, and talk about how he thought people would respect him for it, like they respect his father to the point of writing a song about him -cue explanation-
6161	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-28	Is anyone else concerned that they haven't made a bigger deal out of guest right so far? Has it been mentioned in the show at all? I can't really remember.With the entire episode 9 (presumably) focusing on the wedding, with only the latter parts containing Walder's surprise, I imagine they will build this up in the episodes first half, as well as Robb's relationship with Greywind.
6162	Rashtibram	2013-04-28	The show needs to make Robb do something badass this season so the viewers will like him more.what else can he do?
6163	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	They actually didn't sing it in the scene, I thought... It's just an instrumental. Which is creepier. In my head I pictured it as just this obnoxiously loud instrumental, with hardly anyone even making a sound due to being super drunk, sleeping, or otherwise caught off guard.I knew something awful happened at a wedding and I knew Robb was going to die but nothing felt really off to me until that guy randomly raised his voice for no reason. I pictured it in a pretty large room that was mostly empty and really really quiet and so it was a really unsettling image.Also, I personally think it's going to happen in episode 8. Just because they know we've come to expect the big climax in episode 9. Its a conspiracy I tells ya.And they mentioned guest right sort of in episode 4, but barely. Just before Jeor dies, he tries telling them that the gods will have their heads or whatever and one guy is all "there are no laws north of the wall." I'm sure it'll get more mentions before the actual event. Probably when Jaime arrives in Harrenhal. And I think Jaime will tell Brienne about Rains of Castamere when he tells her the story of why he killed the mad king. Probably talk about how his identity was wrapped up in that hand, and talk about how he thought people would respect him for it, like they respect his father to the point of writing a song about him -cue explanation-It is an instrumental in the books, played with dissonance. There was a lot of yelling due to the northmen getting super drunk, plus they're playing the music very loudly. There's no way it happens in Episode 8.
6164	bobbybuilderton	2013-04-28	It is an instrumental in the books, played with dissonance. There was a lot of yelling due to the northmen getting super drunk, plus they're playing the music very loudly. There's no way it happens in Episode 8.Yeah it probably won't. But the fact that we're so sure it won't is what makes it pretty shocking if it does. I thought people had already left when it started though? And only a few remained and they were drowsy or whatever. The loudest one was the Greatjon, who was singing Bear and the maiden fair. But he went and participated in the bedding. Only the Smalljon and Dacey really put up any fight. The whole scene was so surreal in my head, the way I pictured it. The room suddenly being full of tension when Catelyn realized something was wrong, the wordless song, Robb not even having time to speak before he was shot...I hope they do a good job of the scene.Was it played with dissonance? I thought that what happened was up until that point, the music all seemed jumbled and overlapping but they switch to playing RoC and the musicians played much better.  But I probably misread something...
6165	Valonqar_	2013-04-28	Was it played with dissonance? I thought that what happened was up until that point, the music all seemed jumbled and overlapping but they switch to playing RoC and the musicians played much better.  But I probably misread something...I thought it was because only some of the musicians were actual musicians and the rest were archers.Also, in the internet it says this episode will air on June 2nd instead of may 26th. Anybody knows why are they making a one week hiatus?
					
					
							Edited by Valonqar_, 28 April 2013 - 03:36 PM.
6166	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-28	Hopefully the reactions among the unsullied will be epic. I'm only concerned that the tv fans don't really seem to care for Robb's storyline nearly as much as book readers did. That's at least the impression I get from people I know who watch the show but can't seem to understand written words.when I read the books I didn't really care that much about Robb either, the emotional impact of the RW for me while reading was Arya being so close to reuniting with her family and then in an instant being further away than ever
6167	King Kev.	2013-04-28	The impact of the Red Wedding will be huge, I feel. They have plenty enough time to build up Robb and co. in these next few episodes. Even if they fail to do that, the fact that Arya was so close to being reunited with her family, only to have them brutally taken away from her will get most viewers. Hell, I wasn't a huge fan of Robb in the books either. I really did feel sorry for Catelyn though.
I'm sure the show will pull it off. I knew what was coming, and Ned's execution still had a huge emotional punch. GoT is fantastic TV, and they'll get things right. Well, I hope so, haaaa.
6168	Aarnikotka	2013-04-29	I can't see a good reason in show canon for Robb leaving Talisa at Riverrun (and indeed, based on her headstrong doctor portrayal I doubt he'd prevail upon her to stay).  And I can't see any future importance she could have once Robb is dead:  she's from Volantis, even more of a "nobody" than Jeyne Westerling and of a lesser house, and its not as though the Northmen would flock to her cause as widow of the King in the North.[BOOK SPOILER] Well, in the books the whole match between Jayne Westerling and Robb Stark was plot by Jayne's mother and Tywin Lannister. So it's a part of a larger scheme.That's why she stayed at Riverrun.If the screenwriters have an sense, they will somehow connect Tywin with Talysa. Perhaps she is a hooker reqruited by Tywin to seduce Robb. That would fit with Tywins "dislike" with that particular profession.
6169	TheFirstofHerName	2013-04-29	I'm befuddled as to which episodes might have the Red Wedding and Purple Wedding.   The Bear and the Maiden Fair was sung at the Red Wedding  and The Rains of Castamere several times at the Purple Wedding in the books.  In fact, Lady Olenna remarked prior to Joffrey drinking the wine that she hoped they played The Rains of Castamere again since it had been over an hour since last played.   My initial impression when I saw the Episodes Guide was that The Bear and the Maiden Fair would be the Red wedding but I also could see how it could pertain to Brienne too.  Maybe both in the same episode?
[ BOOK SPOILER].  Remember Melisandre with the 3 leeches with the blood of Edic Storm that Stannis threw in the fire?  One for Balon Greyjoy, another for Robb Stark, and also Joffrey.  Major foreshadowing but not sure we will see it in the TV series.  If we got that scene, then perhaps all deaths would move move rapidly.
Just speculating.
6170	Yanninho	2013-04-30	No Umbers in the cast, I'm afraid, oh god I'm afraid...
Brynden & Edmure for replacement ?
6171	The Flaying Man	2013-04-30	I'm befuddled as to which episodes might have the Red Wedding and Purple Wedding.   The Bear and the Maiden Fair was sung at the Red Wedding  and The Rains of Castamere several times at the Purple Wedding in the books.  In fact, Lady Olenna remarked prior to Joffrey drinking the wine that she hoped they played The Rains of Castamere again since it had been over an hour since last played.   My initial impression when I saw the Episodes Guide was that The Bear and the Maiden Fair would be the Red wedding but I also could see how it could pertain to Brienne too.  Maybe both in the same episode?Episode 7 will not contain a wedding, and will involve the bear pit scene. Tyrion and Sansa's wedding will be in episode 8. The Red Wedding will be in episode 9, and the fallout from it will be in episode 10.
6172	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-30	Also, in the internet it says this episode will air on June 2nd instead of may 26th. Anybody knows why are they making a one week hiatus?Memorial Day Weekend.
6173	Hound Dog	2013-04-30	My brother is unsullied. He asked me for spoilers about Robb ("Come on, he is totally gunna sit the Iron Throne!") and when i told him, he thought i was bullshitting.Cant wait to see his reaction.It's funny. My boyfriend never read the books and he thinks he knows it all. "Oh, it's so obvious what's going to happen. Arya's going to go and kill Joffrey." I have to smile to myself. I just think, ah, that's the beauty of GRRM... whatever you think will happen probably won't happen. Very unpredictable. He's slowly but surely discovering that. Still, he thinks Arya's going to slay Joffrey. Cannot wait for this moment, he won't see it happening. Last week it was "Oh yeah, so Robb's going to apologise to that guy for not marrying his daughter, and then he'll have an army and will go to King's Landing." Yeah. Just you wait!!
6174	coco lionne	2013-04-30	I'm getting goosebumps just reading this thread.I was half spoilered on this scene (stupid Wikipedia...) but I misread it and thought the 2 met their end at Winterfell, so I was still surprised. Viewers are going to lose their minds. So excited!Me too! LOVE reading everyone's ideas about how they envision the scene. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> So many ways to bring it to life...
6175	coco lionne	2013-04-30	The impact of the Red Wedding will be huge, I feel. They have plenty enough time to build up Robb and co. in these next few episodes. Even if they fail to do that, the fact that Arya was so close to being reunited with her family, only to have them brutally taken away from her will get most viewers. Hell, I wasn't a huge fan of Robb in the books either. I really did feel sorry for Catelyn though.I agree, I think that even if people don't care about Robb, there is a lot of loyalty toward the Stark name. And not only is it heartbreaking to have Arya so close, but also for Catelyn to die thinking that Bran/Rickon are dead, and not knowing Sansa/Arya's fates. I think that will resonate.
6176	Marillon	2013-04-30	It's going to be soooo good. I giggle and shake with excitement when I imagine seeing it on TV and then people's reaction when it happens. It was probably one of my fave parts in the book as it was good riddance to characters I really didn't like (Catelyn) and one that felt like a stranger to me (Robb). Also can't wait to see how well the actress that plays Arya will convey her part on screen. She's one of the best actresses on the show so far, should be good
					
					
							Edited by Marillon, 30 April 2013 - 01:31 PM.
6177	mystikherb	2013-04-30	I think Robb will get offed and then we will see Catelyn freak out, screaming and laughing maniacally. Then the camera zooms into her face and a sound effect is made to insinuate she was stabbed, coupled with Cat gasping as one does when stabbed, and the scene cuts on her facial expression of her last breath as Catelyn Stark as she falls to her knees. Roll credits.Nah her throats gotta be slit.  It's just too grisly and dark of an image for them to not include that in the show.  You gotta remember that them reading the part with the RW was their reason for doing the show, so they're going to up the grisly and gory images.  I'm 99.99999% sure that if the episode doesn't end with Arya's axe-ing, it will end with Cat's throat being slit.  Plus her throat wound adds some mystery and darkness to Lady Stoneheart.  <U+0080><U+009C>She don<U+0080><U+0099>t speak,<U+0080><U+009D> said the big man in the yellow cloak. <U+0080><U+009C>You bloody bastards cut her throat too deep for that. But she remembers.<U+0080><U+009D> Goosebumps.
6178	Sound_of_winter	2013-05-01	i just want "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" that line haunted me for months /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
also for the ending, i want Arya running towards the doors to her mother while it's raining, and we see the hound fling his ax at her, and we see her fall into a puddle, her face to the side and her eyes open, and it zooms on her while we hear a wolf in the distance; is that too morbid?
6179	Rashtibram	2013-05-01	I'm befuddled as to which episodes might have the Red Wedding and Purple Wedding.   The Bear and the Maiden Fair was sung at the Red Wedding  and The Rains of Castamere several times at the Purple Wedding in the books.  In fact, Lady Olenna remarked prior to Joffrey drinking the wine that she hoped they played The Rains of Castamere again since it had been over an hour since last played.   My initial impression when I saw the Episodes Guide was that The Bear and the Maiden Fair would be the Red wedding but I also could see how it could pertain to Brienne too.  Maybe both in the same episode?How do you not know this? Jk, but let me lay it out for you: the bear and the maiden fair is gonna contain brienne and the bear pit, as well as daenerys and jorah. episode 8 will be the imp wedding, nine the red wedding. this was all confirmed a while ago. and they did play bear and the maiden fair at the red wedding, but the rains of castamere was the song that signaled the start of the carnage. the PW probably won't happen this season, but if it does, it will be in episode 10.
6180	Versiroth	2013-05-01	I tried to make a topic about this, but I guess it was rejected as it never showed up.
Anyway, this is how I'd have that episode end...
When the Music starts and Catelyn notices the Freys wearing armor, they then rush in and fighting commences.   i really want Robb to go out strong like Boromir, so Robb slays two Frey's before taking a quarrel in the chest.  He then continues fighting until another takes him in the leg.  He falls to one knee and several Frey men at arms grab him.   Catelyn then grabs one of Walder's kin and puts a knife to his throat, all the while pleading for Robbs life.   After a snarky remark from the old bastard, Roose Bolton (for better affect) walks up to Robb and says "Jaime Lannister sends his regards".  Robb then looks hurt and confused as Roose stabs him through the heart.    Catelyn then screams and starts sawing at her captured Frey's throat.   The screen then changes to a Catelyn POV shot where the camera is a little hazy and the voices a little distorted.   We hear Catelyn muttering and one of the Freys saying that she's gone mad.   We then hear Walder say to make an end of it and we see a knife drawn, move toward the camera, and then as you hear the slicing sound, the screen goes black and the credits roll in complete silence.   Can you imagine the non-book reading audience after such a scene?
I think they should wait until the last episode to show Arya and the hound.   Robb's death really does need to be the last thing we're left with in this episode.
6181	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	Or they can cut back and forth. So the music is playing and all that stuff is happening inside, while we see what's going on outside and Arya struggling against the hound. So Catelyn grabs whoever's throat she cuts and everyone stops, except for Robb struggling feebly to get up and walk. Catelyn says her "son for a son" thing while the drums keep going. Cut outside to Arya (where we can still hear the drums) struggling against the hound and wriggling away while everyone is fighting. Cut back to Walder's response and "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." Robb is stabbed, Catelyn cuts the person's throat, and we go back to Arya getting hit. Then go BACK to inside where someone is wrestling the knife away from Catelyn and she's crying and blubbering and grabbed by the hair by someone. She's sobbing and saying "not my hair, he loves my hair" and the infamous command is given. Her throat is cut and the screen goes black and we can just hear the drums. Then they play "Winterfell" from the soundtrack (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0U0X_wP0vMc). Cue mass hysteria.
6182	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-01	I'm a bit conflicted. One one hand, I'd like to see the episode ends with Catelyn getting her throat slit, which would be extremely brutal and haunting for the audience. On the other hand, I kinda want the last shot to be Arya getting the axe because I can just imagine the non-readers losing their shit, thinking that they just killed 3 Starks in one episode.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
6183	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	I'm a bit conflicted. One one hand, I'd like to see the episode ends with Catelyn getting her throat slit, which would be extremely brutal and haunting for the audience. On the other hand, I kinda want the last shot to be Arya getting the axe because I can just imagine the non-readers losing their shit, thinking that they just killed 3 Starks in one episode. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Yeah, that's why I don't want them to leave Arya for episode 10.  Robb, Catelyn, and Arya were basically the only hope left for the Starks. Bran can't walk, Rickon is pretty much a baby/hasn't been involved in the story, and Sansa has just been wed to Tyrion. I want them to feel completely hopeless
6184	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-01	And because there is no end to my cruelty, I want them to play Winterfell because it sounds like what played at the end of the episode where Ned died/lost his head, and when Robb claimed that he would kill them all. Yeah...that didn't work out too well.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=8wUafUWy0oU -the song when ned dieshttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=3HJC7D8t1ts -Robb swears vengenceIt's basically the Stark melody.
6185	Tyrion_the_Oneironaut	2013-05-01	TV spoiler: Cat & Robb enter the wedding hall, only to see Tywin seated at the end of the table."We would be honoured if you would join us".aaaaaand scene.
6186	ladyofslytherin	2013-05-01	I think the last image we're going to get in this ep is going to be Robb's body with Grey Wind's head.  Just to f*ck with people.
6187	FullMoonHowl	2013-05-01	I think the last image we're going to get in this ep is going to be Robb's body with Grey Wind's head.  Just to f*ck with people.Cue the end credits song, http://www.youtube.c...v=Ag1o3koTLWM   just to fuck with them further.
					
					
							Edited by FullMoonHowl, 01 May 2013 - 08:37 PM.
6188	Versiroth	2013-05-02	Or they can cut back and forth. So the music is playing and all that stuff is happening inside, while we see what's going on outside and Arya struggling against the hound. So Catelyn grabs whoever's throat she cuts and everyone stops, except for Robb struggling feebly to get up and walk. Catelyn says her "son for a son" thing while the drums keep going. Cut outside to Arya (where we can still hear the drums) struggling against the hound and wriggling away while everyone is fighting. Cut back to Walder's response and "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." Robb is stabbed, Catelyn cuts the person's throat, and we go back to Arya getting hit. Then go BACK to inside where someone is wrestling the knife away from Catelyn and she's crying and blubbering and grabbed by the hair by someone. She's sobbing and saying "not my hair, he loves my hair" and the infamous command is given. Her throat is cut and the screen goes black and we can just hear the drums. Then they play "Winterfell" from the soundtrack (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0U0X_wP0vMc). Cue mass hysteria.They could always make the last thing we see of Arya in the last episode be her getting potentially killed with with the Hound's ax blow.    That way, people would have to wait until next season to know her fate.    For this episode, they should have the Hound and Arya see the Twins on the horizon, so that the  viewers think she's almost back with her family, and then cut inside and begin the scene I described earlier without cutting away again.   It should make for a powerful scene and I think cutting away would diminish it.    Plus, the audience would still feel horrible for Arya because she's right outside the gates while her mother and brother are being murdered.  So close to getting her family back.If they do include both for this episode, I really hope they make Robb and Catelyn's death the last thing we see regardless.   Maybe by showing the fighting start from within and before Robb takes any quarrels, have it cut out to Arya and the hound.   They see the fighting break out outside and the Hound says that they have to leave (to Arya's protests).   They are attacked and while the Hound is fighting, Arya starts to sprint toward the keep screaming about how her family is inside.   Then have a rider (I wouldn't even indicate that it's the Hound) bashes her in the head from behind.  It then cuts back inside while Robb is still fighting the Freys and the final scene commences.
6189	sati	2013-05-02	I really want the episode to end with Cat's death and the wide shot of the wedding hall with slaughtered bodies. Arya scene should happen earlier. Then in finale they reveal Robb's body, if they show it in the ending of ep.9 I think it will seriously be too much to handle.
6190	Blackf1sh	2013-05-02	Since there is a true lack of recognizable northern bannermen, does anyone think maybe The Blackfish might be at the RW to perhaps take over the role of the Greatjon? He could maybe fight his way out and go back to Riverrun so that the siege of Riverrun and the great dialogue in book 4 could still happen in a later season.
I just hope they dont make the entire season about Robb dying, but really show the fact that almost the entire northern nobility dies with him.
As for the fighting outside: I hope they actually show the Hound saving Arya, and not just Arya getting knocked out without even seeing the Hound
6191	lostinasia	2013-05-02	Remember the first scene of Season 1 Episode 10: the bloody sword that had just decapitated Ned at the end of the previous week. Ending an episode with a death, and then opening next week's with the grisly aftermath (mismatched heads in this case?), worked well for them once already - although of course that could just mean they'd want to avoid repeating themselves.
Actually there are even more echoes: that episode begins with Loren (is that right?) dragging an hysterical Arya away. Wow that girl has it rough.
6192	Versiroth	2013-05-02	As for the fighting outside: I hope they actually show the Hound saving Arya, and not just Arya getting knocked out without even seeing the HoundIn the book, her chapter ends with you not knowing if she's alive or dead.  You don't find out that the hound saved her until later.  I'm sure the writers on the show will want to play off of that as well.Also, I really don't want to see Grey Winds head on Robbs body.  I'd rather them just do like they did in the book and have the Lannisters mention it.  Maybe have Joffrey say it while acting all giddy.
6193	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	In the book, her chapter ends with you not knowing if she's alive or dead.  You don't find out that the hound saved her until later.  I'm sure the writers on the show will want to play off of that as well.Also, I really don't want to see Grey Winds head on Robbs body.  I'd rather them just do like they did in the book and have the Lannisters mention it.  Maybe have Joffrey say it while acting all giddy.I think they'd probably open with the first shot of episode 10 being the GreyWindRobb...but they added in ROBB'S head on GREY WIND'S body too. With GreyWindRobb petting wolfRobb. ha nah that's a little cheesy I suppose
6194	Versiroth	2013-05-02	I think they'd probably open with the first shot of episode 10 being the GreyWindRobb...but they added in ROBB'S head on GREY WIND'S body too. With GreyWindRobb petting wolfRobb. ha nah that's a little cheesy I supposeTo me, showing any combo of this would simply be in poor taste.  Having it mentioned in Kings Landing by the Lannisters (preferably Joffrey) would suffice.
6195	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-02	Yeah, but they definitely need to keep it in. Gives us more reason to root for the awesomeness that is Manderly and gets people excited that the north isn't just sitting down and taking it.
6196	Dysun	2013-05-02	In the book, her chapter ends with you not knowing if she's alive or dead.  You don't find out that the hound saved her until later.  I'm sure the writers on the show will want to play off of that as well.Also, I really don't want to see Grey Winds head on Robbs body.  I'd rather them just do like they did in the book and have the Lannisters mention it.  Maybe have Joffrey say it while acting all giddy.Pretty sure we are going to get that scene in Ep 9 or 10. They talked about filming a scene with a stand in Ox head/body awhile back
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 02 May 2013 - 03:05 PM.
6197	Dove	2013-05-02	To me, showing any combo of this would simply be in poor taste.  Having it mentioned in Kings Landing by the Lannisters (preferably Joffrey) would suffice.I think they'll probably show it because it's such an iconic image in the books, but I agree that it has the potential to be even worse if we don't actually see it. Joffrey's glee combined with whatever your imagination coming up being being worse than what's actually shown would make it horrible enough.
6198	coco lionne	2013-05-03	I go back and forth about seeing Robb/Grey Wind. We know that they don't shy away from grisly images, and I do think it would be awesomely horrible.....I kind of picture it as the opening shot of Ep 10 with a voiceover from the Lannisters discussing it. Non book-readers won't be expecting it....what a way to start the finale.
6199	Homer Lannister	2013-05-03	Since there is a true lack of recognizable northern bannermen, does anyone think maybe The Blackfish might be at the RW to perhaps take over the role of the Greatjon? He could maybe fight his way out and go back to Riverrun so that the siege of Riverrun and the great dialogue in book 4 could still happen in a later season.I just hope they dont make the entire season about Robb dying, but really show the fact that almost the entire northern nobility dies with him.As for the fighting outside: I hope they actually show the Hound saving Arya, and not just Arya getting knocked out without even seeing the HoundOh gods, a THousand times this.I must say I have been so far bitterly dissapointed at the lack of important bannermen with robb. In the books it was quite clear that Robb wasn't doing this rebellion all by himself and but he had an incredible amount of support from the houses in the North and their respective commanders who were giving him wise counsel and dying for his cause left right and centre.One of the things that made the RW so harrowing was seeing all of Robbs important bannermen cut down in such a fell swoop, Dacey Mormont in particular getting a particularly grissly end. This helped to amplify the horror and hopelessness of the RW to be above a simple ambush event.Also is Talisa going to be at the wedding, I heard that someone saw a set photo of her at 'some wedding'. If they mean to kill her and the Blackfish ( /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  ) instead of Greatjon and Mormont that that might serve but all of these tiny changes they keep making are like little butterflies flapping their wings. Later on they may have some serious problems pulling new characters out of their arseholes to take the place of the original characters, or cutting entire subplots out based only on the fact that they killed a character to early. Looking at you Tickler.
6200	Bannerman918	2013-05-03	They won't devote the entire episode. I can see it being a Stark-heavy episode, though.But what I really want is for the showrunners to make it really look like Arya died too, just to fuck with the non-readers even more.When I read that part I totally thought he killed Arya and I was about to stop reading.  She's easily my favorite character.
6201	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-03	When I read that part I totally thought he killed Arya and I was about to stop reading.  She's easily my favorite character.That's why they should keep it in this episode! Cause even MORE of an uproar between the people who disagree on the Hound. "He decided to kill her since he realized he couldn't get his money!""NO I refuse to believe it" /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
6202	Zylathas	2013-05-04	I am really looking forward to this episode as I think they will make some changes (as some character's aren't present)
I see Catelyn killing Lothar Frey instead of Jinglebell
I see Tywin lannister being present with Lord Bolton (to make sure the viewers understand it was the lannister's doing)
I expect Ramsay to be there too, going "father" to Lord Bolton, then we know who he is.
And I just expect more deaths. But there will be more lannister involvement, I am sure of that.
6203	spork	2013-05-04	WiC has the synopsis for this episode now.Episode 3.09 <U+0080><U+0093> The Rains of CastamereRobb presents himself to Walder Frey, and Edmure meets his bride. Jon faces his harshest test yet. Bran discovers a new gift. Daario and Jorah debate how to take Yunkai. House Frey joins with House Tully. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by David Nutter.)
6204	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-04	I hope the Yunkai part won't take too much screentime. This episode should be devoted entirely to the Starks, imo.
6205	Francis Buck	2013-05-04	I think devoting it entirely to the Starks would ruin the surprise. It's too obvious. People would know something was up if the whole thing was focused on Robb, Cat, and Arya. It works better if everything comes across as very casual (for the most part), only for it all to go to hell in the last ten minutes (much like how they handled Ned's death).
6206	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-05-04	I am really looking forward to this episode as I think they will make some changes (as some character's aren't present)I see Catelyn killing Lothar Frey instead of JinglebellI see Tywin lannister being present with Lord Bolton (to make sure the viewers understand it was the lannister's doing)I expect Ramsay to be there too, going "father" to Lord Bolton, then we know who he is.And I just expect more deaths. But there will be more lannister involvement, I am sure of that.Tywin won't be there. All other issues aside he is in KL in episode 10 so unless he can teleport he will be in KL the rest of the season. You don't need to beat people over the head with information for them to get a point.
6207	mystikherb	2013-05-04	I think devoting it entirely to the Starks would ruin the surprise. It's too obvious. People would know something was up if the whole thing was focused on Robb, Cat, and Arya. It works better if everything comes across as very casual (for the most part), only for it all to go to hell in the last ten minutes (much like how they handled Ned's death).That's how I've felt about it.  While this episode will be as good (I feel) as Blackwater, I think it'll be a lot more similar to Baelor (Ned Stark's final episode, 9 of season 1).  I think they should keep a good few other story lines going this episode so those who don't know what's coming will be shocked at the end of the episode when suddenly... what the hell?  What are they doing?  They're killing them?!  They're killing all of them!Tywin won't be there. All other issues aside he is in KL in episode 10 so unless he can teleport he will be in KL the rest of the season. You don't need to beat people over the head with information for them to get a point.Agreed, I think a good way of clearing the air (if they decide to make this reveal in the same episode) would be to have a scene right before the final scenes of the red wedding where Tywin makes some reference to how he's not worried about Robb because of his letters and his plans, maybe some snide reference to the Rains of Castamere before showing the bloodbath to the same song the next scene.
6208	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	snipAgreed, I think a good way of clearing the air (if they decide to make this reveal in the same episode) would be to have a scene right before the final scenes of the red wedding where Tywin makes some reference to how he's not worried about Robb because of his letters and his plans, maybe some snide reference to the Rains of Castamere before showing the bloodbath to the same song the next scene.The best way to do it would be to have Tywin having one of his wonderful "putting his children in their place" conversation where he reminds them of the way their grandfather shamed House Lannister and how he will not have their house become a mockery again. Then he kind of rolls his eyes at the song being written (he seems like he'd be the type to find that childish, even if he does use it as an intimidation tactic. He knows it's effective and regardless of if he likes it or not, Tywin is nothing if not pragmatic).So the scene goes something like this:spoiler'd for fanfic-y garbage
	Spoiler Tywin is writing a letter and making his children uncomfortable...againTywin: You have something to say.Tyrion starts to speak, but Cersei cuts him ofCersei: Yes. Jaime has sent word that he is on his way to King's Landing...escorted by Stark men. Why haven't we sent someone out to meet them?Tywin: Jaime will not be harmed. We have Robb Starks sisters.Cersei: And why should that matter to them? They've clearly lost respect for the boy. The Karstarks have already run back north with their tails between their legs.Tywin: They are currently marching through our lands. Should the men escorting your brother leave him, they will have to contend with our forces without the strength of the Stark host. If they wish to live, they would be wise to stay with him, and keep him alive.Tyrion: Yes, I wanted to speak with you about that. Varys's spies tell us that the Northmen mean to march on Casterly Rock.Tywin: Yes...Tyrion: ...perhaps we should do something to defend it? For the past 3 months, Stark has been free to roam the kingdom as he pleases. He's defeated us at every turn for the past year and now he means to attack our home and our response is to do nothing? You may not want to give me Casterly Rock, but surely you don't wish Jaime to rule over a pile of blackened rubble?Tywin looks up and looks at his children with revulsionTywin: Do you remember why the Rains of Castamere is called the Lannister Song?Cersei is sulking, Tyrion replies with mild exasperationTyrion: House Reyne rose in rebellion against grandfather and you--Tywin: --did what was necessary to demand the respect of our house.Tyrion: You turned their bloodline to dust.Tywin stares at Tyrion coldlyTywin: The Reynes were destroyed along with the Tarbeck conspirators, the harlot filth Lord Tytos allowed to command the Rock in his stead was stripped and removed from the westerlands, and the singers had a new song to sing while in their cups. I watched as my father allowed the Lannister name to be dragged through the mud for ___ years. It will not happen again.-cut to Robb arriving at the Twins-
Or that's all horrible fanfic trash. It's probably horrible fanfic trash.
6209	ebevan91	2013-05-04	It's probably horrible fanfic trash.Lol, yep. Good effort though.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 04 May 2013 - 08:41 PM.
6210	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-04	Lol, yep. Good effort though.HA not really much of an effort. I was just distracting myself from studying. My pride is not wounded. Most fanfiction makes me roll my eyes too.... but the point is it could go like that. I can picture Cersei whining about Jaime, as she already did. And Tyrion complaining about not doing enough to prepare, which he did before Blackwater and Tywin thinks the war is all but won (for reasons we know, clearly). I'm sure they'll find a competent way of explaining it. I mean they did establish that it was the Lannister song in s2e9. But seeing as a lot of people need things spelled out for them so much that they think Daenerys is named Khaleesi...I don't know.
6211	~ZombieWife~	2013-05-05	I'm hoping it's more, uh... surprising than some of the other reveals so far this season.  For example, when Dany burned the slavers, everyone I talked to (non-book readers) said, "Yeah, I KNEW That was going to happen!  It was so obvious!"  
(In the books, it was not at all obvious to me.)
So, I hope they really they go the "holy shit" route, because I will never forget that scene in the book. Ever.
6212	SpringIsTotallyOnTheWay	2013-05-06	When I was reading, I was shocked that the Northerners were killed in that fashion, in one fell swoop. I didn't particularly care for Robb or think he would survive but I did not think the entire North would be decimated in one sitting. The show really hasn't done a good job of showing Robb's bannermen. However, I think showRobb is definitely more beloved than bookRobb, because book Robb wasn't even a POV character whereas show Robb is...hotttt(!) and a natural protagonist. A lot of Unsullied (lol why are they called that??) think he's going to avenge the Starks and end up on the Iron Throne.
What really got me was Grey Wind dying too. I feel like they haven't shown Grey Wind at all this season tho. MORE GREY WIND grrr!!
6213	coco lionne	2013-05-06	Tywin won't be there. All other issues aside he is in KL in episode 10 so unless he can teleport he will be in KL the rest of the season. You don't need to beat people over the head with information for them to get a point.Also agree. I think that as long as they keep both of the "send my regards" lines (when Jamie says it and Roose repeats), that should be enough of a clue to a betrayal/change in allegiance. It will be more shocking if the viewers don't fully understand why. They can spell it out a little more in Ep10. If I'm not mistaken, isn't it when the Lannisters are discussing the RW (after it has occurred) where Tywin says the line "some wars are fought with quills and ravens"? There is our reveal.
6214	WriterIsComing	2013-05-06	I'd like to see it filmed such that after Robb is stabbed, we hear no more sound effects as the carnage starts. Only the theme of the Starks (showcased in OST tracks such as Goodbye Brother, Kill them All) as the murders take place.
					
					
							Edited by WriterIsComing, 06 May 2013 - 01:09 PM.
6215	Caryn Stark	2013-05-06	No Umbers in the cast, I'm afraid, oh god I'm afraid...Brynden & Edmure for replacement ?Oh. NO. I didn't think of that.
6216	drayrock	2013-05-06	I think we all know what happens here.I'm going to miss her humanness, so to speak. ... Brilliant actress. Perfect for the role.Mark it down, around 9:55 EST, and note the collective groan rumble skyward from the legions of the unwitting among us.I do hope, if nothing else, Smalljon pimp slaps Raymond with a mutton leg.She is a great actress. That's why I'm so excited for this. She is going to have the scene of her life when she goes hysterical.I'm just going to miss robb's acting so much.
6217	Howie Reed	2013-05-06	Chaos is a ladder
They have a long way to climb to tie this all together in 3 episodes.
Finish the books, George.
6218	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-07	I have been fixated with the image of the sword being thrust through Robb's chest ever since reading that chapter. They better do it well!I feel the same. They better not botch Robb or Catelyn's death scenes, they were really powerful in the book. I am so excited for this episode, ever since I read the book I wanted to see the RW on screen. I'm disappointed in the lack of Grey Wind in Season 3. I wish they would have included him more, so that it would be more tragic when he goes down fighting .
					
					
							Edited by MarieAntoinette, 07 May 2013 - 03:19 AM.
6219	mystikherb	2013-05-07	I'm hoping it's more, uh... surprising than some of the other reveals so far this season.  For example, when Dany burned the slavers, everyone I talked to (non-book readers) said, "Yeah, I KNEW That was going to happen!  It was so obvious!"  (In the books, it was not at all obvious to me.)So, I hope they really they go the "holy shit" route, because I will never forget that scene in the book. Ever.I think the reason Dany's actions in the show were so much more predictable than in the book is that in the book you were inside her head the whole time, and from her pov it really seemed like she might give up a dragon.I think my friends are expecting Robb to die at some point.  I think their surprise will come from the brutality of it and also the timing and setting.  Catelyn's throat being slit as she laughs hysterically may also catch them off guard (soooo looking forward to that moment, I wanna see how Michelle Fairley could handle a darker role- it'll help me envision her as Stoneheart).
6220	mystikherb	2013-05-07	I feel the same. They better not botch Robb or Catelyn's death scenes, they were really powerful in the book. I am so excited for this episode, ever since I read the book I wanted to see the RW on screen. I'm disappointed in the lack of Grey Wind in Season 3. I wish they would have included him more, so that it would be more tragic when he goes down fighting .I have a feeling they'll include Grey Wind at some point before the RW.  The book made a pretty big point of Grey Wind snarling at the Freys and having to be left tied up because of it.
6221	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-07	Grey Wind freaking out would be way too much foreshadowing if they are going for the shock factor.
6222	Bastard Walder	2013-05-07	Will Jinglebell be played by a person with Down's Syndrome? Will he even be in the show?I feel the same. They better not botch Robb or Catelyn's death scenes, they were really powerful in the book. I am so excited for this episode, ever since I read the book I wanted to see the RW on screen. I'm disappointed in the lack of Grey Wind in Season 3. I wish they would have included him more, so that it would be more tragic when he goes down fighting .He's a dog, even if we hadn't seen him since episode 1 his death would still be sad.
6223	Bastard Walder	2013-05-07	Grey Wind freaking out would be way too much foreshadowing if they are going for the shock factor.To be fair, he did freak out at Tyrion Lannister who in the show is a saint.
6224	mystikherb	2013-05-07	Grey Wind freaking out would be way too much foreshadowing if they are going for the shock factor.Yeah I guess I didn't really think of it that way.  I still think they should find some way to make it known where Grey Wind is when this is going on.  I would just be a little sad if the next time we see him at all is when he dies.
6225	mystikherb	2013-05-07	Will Jinglebell be played by a person with Down's Syndrome? Will he even be in the show?He's a dog, even if we hadn't seen him since episode 1 his death would still be sad.Dog deaths are more heartbreaking than human deaths.  Universal law.
6226	swoosh stark	2013-05-07	Dog deaths are more heartbreaking than human deaths.  Universal law.I agree. for some reason, I cant stand seeing dogs or cats abused or killed on screen
					
					
							Edited by swoosh stark, 07 May 2013 - 01:20 PM.
6227	IPSidorov	2013-05-07	I wonder will there by any KL scenes this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Ivan  Sidorov, 07 May 2013 - 01:52 PM.
6228	mystikherb	2013-05-07	I wonder will there by any KL scenes this episode.From the synopsis there's apparently a scene between Joffrey and Twyin that will happen this episode.  So I'm assuming that means that yes, there will be.  Pretty sure I know which scene it'll be, too.
6229	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	Will Jinglebell be played by a person with Down's Syndrome? Will he even be in the show?I sincerely hope he will be in the show. Even useless Frey deaths are a good thing.
6230	Bastard Walder	2013-05-07	I sincerely hope he will be in the show. Even useless Frey deaths are a good thing.If he is in it he better be retarded. Having Cat kill a conspiring Frey would change the whole scene.
6231	LordStoneheart	2013-05-07	If he is in it he better be retarded. Having Cat kill a conspiring Frey would change the whole scene.Mmm... maybe not. it could just be a child Frey. But book or show, even if she had Black Walder or Lame Lothar, do you think they would've spared Robb? I don't. They already began to break guestright, might as well stick with it to the end.
6232	ChozenOne	2013-05-08	TV spoiler: Cat & Robb enter the wedding hall, only to see Tywin seated at the end of the table."We would be honoured if you would join us".aaaaaand scene.Sounds like a little scene from "the Empire Strikes Back".
					
					
							Edited by ChozenOne, 08 May 2013 - 01:29 AM.
6233	Grandpa House	2013-05-08	I see Tywin lannister being present with Lord Bolton (to make sure the viewers understand it was the lannister's doing)I expect Ramsay to be there too, going "father" to Lord Bolton, then we know who he is.Yeah and then Stannis walks in and says "See I told you I am the one true king", then the Warlock of Quarth comes in and is all like "You see, the visions of the Undying never lie" and then we see that a White Walker is standing in the back and he steps up and says "Winter has arrived, bitch!" Yep this all sounds like a good idea to me.But seriously, having Ramsay be at the wedding would actually KIND of work for his final reveal (though i guess he'd have to be with Theon, which would be a getting little too weird). No more +1's than that, though
					
					
							Edited by Grandpa House, 08 May 2013 - 03:02 AM.
6234	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-08	Since Bryan Cogman himself has said they have a rule on the show where only Bran has dreams (With a few minor exceptions) I assume that means no Jaime dream in ep7 but does it also mean no Nymeria dream in ep10?
If there is to be no dream I hope when the Hound is like "Live or Die! Stay or Go, your choice" Arya runs towards the castle and actually makes it to the window to see Robb's (And everyone else') dead body and Catelyn on her knees screaming and going crazy. Then the scenes transfers inside to the "make an end" comment and the "not my hair" etc...where just before Cat's throat is cut she glimpses Arya peering through the window and mutters a surprised "Arya" and then the Hound knocks Arya out to end the episode.
6235	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	Since Bryan Cogman himself has said they have a rule on the show where only Bran has dreams (With a few minor exceptions) I assume that means no Jaime dream in ep7 but does it also mean no Nymeria dream in ep10?If there is to be no dream I hope when the Hound is like "Live or Die! Stay or Go, your choice" Arya runs towards the castle and actually makes it to the window to see Robb's (And everyone else') dead body and Catelyn on her knees screaming and going crazy. Then the scenes transfers inside to the "make an end" comment and the "not my hair" etc...where just before Cat's throat is cut she glimpses Arya peering through the window and mutters a surprised "Arya" and then the Hound knocks Arya out to end the episode.Catelyn has to think all her children but Sansa are dead, or her thirst for blood when she comes back will not make as much sense.
6236	Angmar	2013-05-08	I don't understand why Robb brings Talisa to the wedding in the show. In the book he avoided bringing Jeyne to the Twins to not insult furthermore the Freys (not that it worked), what's his excuse here?
No way Tywin and Ramsay will be there. One's in KL the other in the Dreadfort having flaying time with Theon. Unless they get an airplane don't see it happening...Though Ramsay appearing at the Twins with a chained gagged and broken/flayed/weak Theon at his feet is a funny visual...If anything for Robb and Cat's reaction, heh
					
					
							Edited by Angmar, 08 May 2013 - 01:09 PM.
6237	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-08	Catelyn has to think all her children but Sansa are dead, or her thirst for blood when she comes back will not make as much sense. Oh yeah, forgot about that. I wonder how Arya will find out then, maybe she won't need confirmation, she just knows.
6238	mystikherb	2013-05-08	I don't understand why Robb brings Talisa to the wedding in the show. In the book he avoided bringing Jeyne to the Twins to not insult furthermore the Freys (not that it worked), what's his excuse here?No way Tywin and Ramsay will be there. One's in KL the other in the Dreadfort having flaying time with Theon. Unless they get an airplane don't see it happening...Though Ramsay appearing at the Twins with a chained gagged and broken/flayed/weak Theon at his feet is a funny visual...If anything for Robb and Cat's reaction, hehNot that it's very likely, but it would be pretty crazy to see Ramsay there with his pet.  He'd be all warm and fuzzy inside watching the bloody decimation of the Northern men (and Robb and Cat), and it would be a cool way to end the story of them showing Theon as Reek for the first time.Very unlikely though. Very.
6239	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-08	Honestly I don't expect the RW to have near the emotional impact for the show viewer than the book reader.  There will be no devastation and gut wrenching nausea.  It will be about as shocking and impactful to them as Renly's assassination in season 2.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 08 May 2013 - 06:24 PM.
6240	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-08	Honestly I don't expect the RW to have near the emotional impact for the show viewer than the book reader.  There will be no devastation and gut wrenching nausea.  It will be about as shocking and impactful to them as Renly's assassination in season 2.Nah, I think it will be devastating for most show viewers given that a lot of people are Team Stark, so seeing 2 more getting brutally murdered would be pretty gut wrenching. I sort of agree that the impact might not be as huge for the show viewers, but it will definitely not be on the same level as Renly's assassination.
					
					
							Edited by Mav Of The Canals, 08 May 2013 - 06:42 PM.
6241	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-08	But the show hasn't given us a Team Stark.  It's been just Robb. All the Lords in the North who are part of his alliance who are killed at the RW are missing.
6242	Mav Of The Canals	2013-05-08	True. The show hasn't been doing a good job in regards to Robb's bannermen , but given that there are so many storylines and so little screentime, I guess they have no choice but to cut the bannermen. Either way, show viewers are rooting for Robb to win the war and take revenge for Ned, so having him and Cat die with Arya so close to reunite with them would be pretty damn depressing, I'll say. The only problem I see right now is that the show might make his fate too obvious at this point that people won't be as shocked when the Red Wedding happens.
6243	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-08	his fate is NOT obvious right now. Just check the family/friends reaction threads in the individual episodes. a lot of people can tell that something bad is going to happen but they don't know it's going to be at the wedding and they don't know he's going to be killed by his own bannerman.
6244	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-09	But the show hasn't given us a Team Stark.  It's been just Robb. All the Lords in the North who are part of his alliance who are killed at the RW are missing.Yeah, because that's exactly what the show needs - more characters... It's unfortunate that Clive Mantle wasn't able to reprise his role at the Greatjon, but that's just how it works out sometimes. At this point, there's already enough going on in the story, and between the Greatjon (in the first season only), Roose & Karstark (second and third seasons), and Edmure & the Blackfish (this season only), that's a decent number of what essentially amount to tertiary characters (except for Bolton, of course, but his importance doesn't come until well after his introduction) surrounding Robb for the general audience to keep track of. I agree that the Red Wedding will surely have a different impact on the show than it did in the books, but I don't think that necessarily means it will be better or worse. If anything, I think the event may be more visceral in the show, even if it isn't the total massacre it is in the book (though we are supposed to get a Manderly some time soon).
6245	Dragonstoned	2013-05-09	I am surprised that given how the RW was what motivated them to make the series, the showrunners have made changes to the build-up (Robb's different reason for oathbreaking, the Freys as apparently neutral instead of ex veteran allies, that Robb had a solid plan to take back his home, absence of other northern lords which took it from assassination attempt to massacre) but I don't think it will diminish the impact, simply cos it's the Red fucking Wedding.(though we are supposed to get a Manderly some time soon).Yeah a shot of the ceremony was leaked that showed Wendel Manderly standing beside Roose, and the guy that played him was meant to be in e05.  None of the other people you mention will be there on the losing side though, the only addition looks like Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 09 May 2013 - 03:55 AM.
6246	The Monkey	2013-05-09	Did anyone seriously believe when reading the book that Arya died in the RW? That thought didn't even cross my mind. It was so obvious that her story has a lot further to go. I think it will be a bit cheap if they trick the TV audience into thinking she's dead at the end of episode 9; the last shot of her should be The Hound riding away with her slung across the horse. There's plenty of enough horror to go around without America's favourite tomboy being thought a goner.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 09 May 2013 - 07:38 AM.
6247	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-09	I'm not sure I thought she was actually dead ^ 
But I definitely remember flicking through the pages to find her next chapter and making sure she was still alive /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6248	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-05-09	Yeah, I'm starting to worry that my unsullied family will be mad at me after this episode and if it looks like Arya died, my Dad will be majorly pissed.
6249	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-09	Did anyone seriously believe when reading the book that Arya died in the RW? That thought didn't even cross my mind. It was so obvious that her story has a lot further to go. I think it will be a bit cheap if they trick the TV audience into thinking she's dead at the end of episode 9; the last shot of her should be The Hound riding away with her slung across the horse. There's plenty of enough horror to go around without America's favourite tomboy being thought a goner.No - generally cliffhangers at the end of chapters like that lead me to believe they are still alive (similar to Brienne in AFFC - as well as the ultimate cliffhanger that was Jon Snow)
6250	LordStoneheart	2013-05-09	But the show hasn't given us a Team Stark.  It's been just Robb. All the Lords in the North who are part of his alliance who are killed at the RW are missing.Sansa, Arya, Rickon, Bran, Jon, Robb, Catelyn, and the Ned are Team Stark. The viewers are watching for them. The general favorite is obviously Arya, but the others are still supported. The RW will impact the kids the most, and that will truly be the gut-wrenching part.I was going to start a thread about personal directing choice, but I felt like it wouldn't be approved. This may not exactly be on topic, but if I were a show runner/director this is how I would do this episode.
	Spoiler  Episodes starts with Shireen Baratheon singing solemnly and Davos, now forgive by Stannis in the previous episode joins her in her room for reading lessons. Shireen is singing "fool's blood, king's blood, blood on the maiden's thigh. But chains for the guest and chains for the bridegroom, aye, aye, aye." Davos asks where she learned her morbid song. She says she dreamed it as her father was battling in Blackwater, and in her dream he was victorious. She sings the verse again, with the scene changing to Cercei Lannister talking to Tywin about the royal wedding. Their talk is minimal but Tywin emphasizes the importance of alliance marriage, with him saying his (modified) famous quote "some wars are won with swords, others with quills and ravens. And some are won with matrimony."Cut to Robb and co. arriving at the Twins. this scene should be identical in every way except for certain dialogue [Walder saying "yes, the red will run tonight" supposedly about the wine.] Greywind does a more subdued version of his freak out, (maybe Robb finds a thorn in his paw). Catelyn is visibly nervous but when they eat the Bread and Salt she relaxes. The wedding goes on with a lot of cheer. (I can't say much about the actual scenes because of unknown factors like Talisa and Jinglebell)Cut to Arya and the Hound nearing Riverrun with her growing increasingly emotional over the anticipation.Cut back to Dragonstone with Melisandre and her leeches. This is when Stannis says "I want Joffrey dead, I want Robb Stark dead." that scene plays out pretty basically.Cut back to the Twins, Roose Bolton excuses himself. some scene that corresponds to Dacey mormont getting rejected, and Catelyn rising to investigate. As she walks, one single drummer begins to pound the drum slowly... boom doom boom... Catelyn has a look of realization on her face. "And who are you the proud lord said..." starts in a quiet voice Cat says "the Lannister song! and Roslin was crying!" She rushes to the Frey who rejected Dacey or her stand in, and finds the mail under his sleeve. After she cries out for Robb, the chaos commences exactly like in the book (maybe that's too hopeful.)final scene is a mix of Arya almost reaching the twins and Sandor knocking her out, and Roose giving some regards for a friend. Catelyn goes through her grief and her last, hair-cutting scene.the melody for the Rains of castamere plays over everything as the camera zooms over her and Robb, fading out as Greywind is captured...End credits either in complete silence, or Shireen's voice again... "Fool's blood, king's blood, blood on the maiden's thigh..." 

					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 09 May 2013 - 11:33 PM.
6251	AGirlCanFight	2013-05-10	Did anyone seriously believe when reading the book that Arya died in the RW? That thought didn't even cross my mind. It was so obvious that her story has a lot further to go. I think it will be a bit cheap if they trick the TV audience into thinking she's dead at the end of episode 9; the last shot of her should be The Hound riding away with her slung across the horse. There's plenty of enough horror to go around without America's favourite tomboy being thought a goner.I think we all knew she hadn't died, but there was that sinking panicky feeling of "Oh no! No wayyyy George could just kill off a beloved character with a crap load of POV chapters that everybody admi........oh shit"  #flips through chapters hurriedly to make sure her name appears in the title#  "Phew, see, I knew it"They'll know she's not dead, but the mere fact that Ned, Robb, and Cat got toasted is enough to make people antsy.  Let's face it, people are a lot more attached to her than Robb and Cat...although I'm a tad biased (ok a lot more than a tad. haha)  And this helps show how much danger she truly is in, since the show seems to have downplayed that a lot.I still hold that the axe should be the last shot, and of course, have her appear in episode 10.  Thinking she's dead and having her not appear until season 4 would be cheap. Although....now that I think about it, and supposing the series is able to run this long, I would want them to end the cliffhanger of a certain episode with a certain favorite Lord Commander in ADWD exactly like the books as well.  In the books it's fine because of all the speculation/background for us to focus on about what will happen (since a flat out death is obv out of the question), but would it be too cheesy for a de ja vu sequence for a television translation?  I dunno...I guess that depends on how deep D&D want to go into magic/history/prophesies (though I've not been impressed with their delivery so far).  Whatever, I'm getting way too ahead of myself.  This episode will be amazing, I just want my non-reader friends to have a similar reaction to my own. lol.
6252	Sun	2013-05-10	But the show hasn't given us a Team Stark.  It's been just Robb. All the Lords in the North who are part of his alliance who are killed at the RW are missing.I'm guessing they'll compensate for the missing lords by killing Talisa. That, along with the deaths of Cat and Robb, should provide enough of an emotional punch to RW, which by all evidence seems to be all the show's concerned with when it comes to Robb's arc.
6253	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-05-10	Wow, just found this on a random Google image search:[img]http://24.media.tumb...f6yj4o1_500.png[/img]
					
					
							Edited by Stone Cold Bastard, 10 May 2013 - 06:59 PM.
6254	Khalessi	2013-05-10	Wow, just found this on a random Google image search:[img]http://24.media.tumb...o1_500.png[/img]Link isn't working for me. What is the image suppose to be?
6255	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-10	Link isn't working for me. What is the image suppose to be?Cat and Robb at the wedding, looks like.http://24.media.tumb...f6yj4o1_500.png^fixed
6256	Khalessi	2013-05-10	Cat and Robb at the wedding, looks like.http://24.media.tumb...f6yj4o1_500.png^fixedIt's sad seeing these photos knowing what's going to happen to them. Good find.
6257	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-10	I'm guessing they'll compensate for the missing lords by killing Talisa. That, along with the deaths of Cat and Robb, should provide enough of an emotional punch to RW, which by all evidence seems to be all the show's concerned with when it comes to Robb's arc.Yeah but Talisa is not part of the North, she has no house, she has no army.  So her living or dying has no effect on whether we believe the North can rise again.
6258	Bastard Walder	2013-05-10	Cat and Robb at the wedding, looks like.http://24.media.tumb...f6yj4o1_500.png^fixedNot nearly as many musicians as I imagined in the book! I was picturing an orchestra. Episode ruined, never watching again, fuck you d&d&g&r&r&m
6259	Lady Arwen	2013-05-11	As others have said, I have concerns about the RW having an emotional impact on the viewers that's comparable to that experienced by the reader. I can remember reading RW for the first time and just being stunned. I had to take about two months off from reading ASoS because I was so demoralized. I simply can't picture how D&D could pull this scene off and manage to achieve that gut-wrenching effect, with all the other plots that are happening simultaneously--and, of course, with the disturbing changes to Robb's character and his motivations. 
I'm still holding onto the hope that they'll leave Roose's "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line intact.
6260	Ahri Adaran	2013-05-12	I think it'll have a good bit of punch if they emphasize just how close Arya was to getting back to her family. She's very popular among the Unsullied (for good reason) so that should twist the knife home (hell, Arya is the most rapidly rising female name among newborn girls according to the US census, we might even have it become a "normal" name like how Peter Pan created Wendy as a name). Also even though we don't know all of the bannermen in the show (really wish we at least had one or two northern bannermen with speaking roles this season in addition to Bolton but oh well) knowing that the northern army has been annihilated is enough drive home that it's going to be hard to get revenge for Robb, which is the main reason that slaughtering all of the bannermen had a big impact for me when I first read it.
					
					
							Edited by Ahri Adaran, 12 May 2013 - 02:38 AM.
6261	Fragon	2013-05-12	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=fJB27gO19_UFound this today. This should be the opening music of episode 9 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
6262	Vergo	2013-05-12	Is it bad that I'm looking forward to this JUST so that the internet will explode with rage and emotion?
It's going to be so funny, and yet so sad at the same time.
6263	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-13	The Rains of Castamere played with drums as the outro song on episode 7 filled me with dread and excitement for what's to come this episode.
6264	ebevan91	2013-05-13	Is it bad that I'm looking forward to this JUST so that the internet will explode with rage and emotion?It's going to be so funny, and yet so sad at the same time.I'm looking forward to it so we can finally be rid of the Robb/Catelyn arc.So we'll have more screentime for other characters in episode 10, and then more screentime for characters in season 4 until the Martells and the other Grejoys are introduced.
6265	Underzaker	2013-05-14	How should the episode end?
Well there are two aspects.
Robb/Catelyn demise and Arya getting the axe by our beloved hound.
Well I thought about it and to have maximum impact , they should DEFINITELY mix them together.
So the massacre begins. I know in the show we don't have greatjon or acquainted with many of Robb's followers as we are in the books but I hope they depict men dying the way it's described in the book.
Then we cut to Arya and the hound. We hear Greywind howling , then Robb's army getting slaughtered. Arya is in horror and runs towards them. Hound says stop but she wont. We'll see him throw the axe at her. Then Arya falling to the ground with trickle of blood so Unsullied would think she is dead.
Then come back to the part where Robb is struggling to his knees and Cat reaching for Jinglebell and pleading for Robb's life.
Then we see somebody coming up to him but we see ONLY his feet. Think Terminator scene.
Then it pans to Bolton's face and he says the "jaime sends his regards" line and kills Robb.
Last scene should be somebody holding Cat from behind. We dont see his face, just that he is forcibly holding her hair and has a knife to her neck. Focus is on Cat's despaired face.
Cat says the "Not my hair , ned loves my hair" line and then we see the neck slit but ONLY FOR ONE SECOND.
Then everything goes black and COMPLETE SILENCE.
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 14 May 2013 - 04:04 PM.
6266	Underzaker	2013-05-14	Next episode could start with Robb sitting but with Greywind's head attached and Cat's body flung into the river ...  again in Silence.
Now that would be fucking haunting.
6267	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-14	Next episode could start with Robb sitting but with Greywind's head attached and Cat's body flung into the river ...  again in Silence.Now that would be fucking haunting.Maybe it's cheesy and lame but I picture episode 10 starting with GreyRobb, then Sansa waking up with Tyrion, then Bran and Rickon separating, and then Arya waking up. No dialogue, while "Winterfell" playsThere is a reason I do not create things for television lol
6268	sati	2013-05-14	Next episode could start with Robb sitting but with Greywind's head attached and Cat's body flung into the river ...  again in Silence.Now that would be fucking haunting.I think this is exactly how the opening of Ep.10 will play out. The most affective way to end Ep 9 would be right after Cat's death.
6269	Underzaker	2013-05-14	I think this is exactly how the opening of Ep.10 will play out.Now the angel in me says right after this scene , they show Arya is alive ... to give hope for the unsulliedBut the evil in me says not to show Arya until next season ... hhmmm .... maybe the 3rd episode? very last minute of it? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Maybe it's cheesy and lame but I picture episode 10 starting with GreyRobb, then Sansa waking up with Tyrion, then Bran and Rickon separating, and then Arya waking up. No dialogue, while "Winterfell" playsBobby , I love the "winterfell" idea but no Arya ... we need to mess with unsullied as much as possible *evil smile*
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 14 May 2013 - 04:32 PM.
6270	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-15	Oh I forgot to add a clip of Jon at the wall watching Ygritte get carried away. I guess I left that one out because Jon is just Ned's bastard and I don't think Ygritte is going to die before episode 10. If she dies at all this season.
Basically remind everyone how screwed the Starks are and then show Arya unconscious on the back of the Hound's horse...but then show she is still alive. lol
6271	Trident full of Dogs	2013-05-15	I really like this particularly the latter with Stoneheart.Yes thank  (the old and the new) gods for Stoneheart. I used to hate the idea of UnCat but now I cherish the hope RobbWind will rise up from the dead as well. So they can show themselves to Walder Frey and Roose Bolton and scare them so badly they'll become completely insane. I don't want RobbWind to tear anyone apart with his teeth but it could be done. Won't put it past GRRM and it would be a well deserved death for a Frey or a Bolton.
							Edited by Trident full of Dogs, 15 May 2013 - 10:26 AM.
6272	ambi76	2013-05-15	Then everything goes black and COMPLETE SILENCE.Absolutely with you there that there should be no music at all when the credits roll, but I would like to keep the troll from the books and have Arya getting hit by the axe (falling down unconscious maybe a bit of blood running over her forehead) be the ending.
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 15 May 2013 - 10:49 AM.
6273	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-15	Cue the end credits song, http://www.youtube.c...v=Ag1o3koTLWM   just to fuck with them further./rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
6274	ambi76	2013-05-15	Okay, FullMoonHowl, thanks for making me LOL about episode 9. Hm. Maybe they can play yakety sax when the Hound is chasing down Arya too. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
					
					
							Edited by ambi76, 15 May 2013 - 10:58 AM.
6275	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-16	Assuming that there will be no Jinglebell, it will probably be Lame Lothar that Cat kills.That would be nice in comparison - I felt quite bad for Jingelbell in the chapter.. obviously he had no clue what was going on but it was more the fact that his own grandfather couldn't have cared less whether he lived or died.
6276	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-16	As others have said, I have concerns about the RW having an emotional impact on the viewers that's comparable to that experienced by the reader. I can remember reading RW for the first time and just being stunned. I had to take about two months off from reading ASoS because I was so demoralized. I simply can't picture how D&D could pull this scene off and manage to achieve that gut-wrenching effect, with all the other plots that are happening simultaneously--and, of course, with the disturbing changes to Robb's character and his motivations.I'm still holding onto the hope that they'll leave Roose's "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line intact.I have high hopes for it simply because the Red Wedding is what inspired Weiss & Benioff to do the show .. some scenes you take what you can get (bear pit comes to mind because that's a tough one from a production & direction standpoint) but I know they'll pull out all the stops for the Red Wedding.It won't have the same impact as the book (I nearly vomited after my heart started racing mainly from that sinking feeling in my stomach) but I think and hope that at the very least book readers will find it adequate if not pretty well done..And on a positive note - Robb's increased involvement over the past few episodes has led to my 'unsullied' friends telling me they really like him when he was a bit off the radar for a bit there..I'm kind of curious as to what song they'll roll the end credits with - I'd imagine Winterfell but Rains of Castemere is suitable as well - my personal preference would be silence.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 16 May 2013 - 12:32 AM.
6277	Khal Porno	2013-05-16	I expect the music played over the end credits will be some variation of the Stark theme.Are you all going to be super pissed when Bolton says "the Lannisters send their regards" when he kills Robb?
6278	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-16	I expect the music played over the end credits will be some variation of the Stark theme.Are you all going to be super pissed when Bolton says "the Lannisters send their regards" when he kills Robb?Nah I won't mind it since it has the same effect - I think the shows pretty much done a good job making everyone love Jaime so they may not want to risk the actual line.. some people are kind of dim-witted and would somehow think Jaime was in on it..
6279	JonDunn	2013-05-16	I expect the music played over the end credits will be some variation of the Stark theme.Are you all going to be super pissed when Bolton says "the Lannisters send their regards" when he kills Robb?yes, just listened to the Stark theme and it will work perfectly.I'm glad they used Rains of Castamere in episode 7, better to use this theme in 9 to signify the end of an era for the Starks
6280	Daemul	2013-05-16	I expect the music played over the end credits will be some variation of the Stark theme.Are you all going to be super pissed when Bolton says "the Lannisters send their regards" when he kills Robb?I hope D & D add in that line, it would be awesome.
6281	Arkash	2013-05-16	I dont mind if it is "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" or "The Lannister sends their regards" as long as we have this line ! ^^
I actually wonder if we will see Edmure being taken captive or will his status wont be revealed yet.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 16 May 2013 - 07:47 AM.
6282	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-16	I expect the music played over the end credits will be some variation of the Stark theme.Are you all going to be super pissed when Bolton says "the Lannisters send their regards" when he kills Robb?I will be. 'Jaime Lannister sends his regards' was classic Roose and fits into the whole theme of Jaime's reputation being unfairly tarnished.
6283	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-16	I will be. 'Jaime Lannister sends his regards' was classic Roose and fits into the whole theme of Jaime's reputation being unfairly tarnished.Yeah. I'm really hoping that those of us with slower wits realize that Jaime couldn't have known about it because he's been captive for a while.What's also amusing is that Roose was able to describe the siege of king's landing accurately (which there were no Stark soldiers present at). Which sort of suggests that he has been in communication with the Lannisters. I could be forgetting something that makes this less suspicious though lol
6284	Dysun	2013-05-16	Jaime Lannister sends his regards will live on forever in the books, RIP !
The Lannister's send their regards works well for TV, I understand it even if I dont like it
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 16 May 2013 - 12:50 PM.
6285	The Ghost of Winter	2013-05-16	I agree with having the "Curb Your Enthusiasm" intro song in the end credits. Seven hells, the internet would explode.
6286	Daemul	2013-05-16	Nah, there's no need for any songs, all they have to do is play the credits in silence and at the end of the credits this image comes up. http://th07.devianta...mus-d61yfan.png
6287	Aegnor	2013-05-16	Nah, there's no need for any songs, all they have to do is play the credits in silence and at the end of the credits this image comes up.Silence, except for the slow rhythmic pounding of a single drum. Remember, when everything is going to hell and the band is playing the RoC, then Walder silences them and everything goes quiet, except the pounding of a single drum. That drum should continue through the credits.On Arya's scenes, this episode should end similar to where the previous Arya chapter ends in the book. With Arya and the Hound coming up on the gates, then cut to the wedding feast shortly before Catelyn sees the ring mail and go from there. I can't decide whether they should pick up episode 10 from that point in Arya's story, or in medias res (with the Hound fighting for his life and Arya trying to get in to the castle).
6288	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-16	Silence, except for the slow rhythmic pounding of a single drum. Remember, when everything is going to hell and the band is playing the RoC, then Walder silences them and everything goes quiet, except the pounding of a single drum. That drum should continue through the credits.On Arya's scenes, this episode should end similar to where the previous Arya chapter ends in the book. With Arya and the Hound coming up on the gates, then cut to the wedding feast shortly before Catelyn sees the ring mail and go from there. I can't decide whether they should pick up episode 10 from that point in Arya's story, or in medias res (with the Hound fighting for his life and Arya trying to get in to the castle).I like my idea, of the drums continuing for a bit after it goes to black and then Winterfell playing. Play the Lannister theme and the Stark theme within minutes of each other >:]
6289	mystikherb	2013-05-16	Honestly, I think it's a prime example of people who's own stubbornness keep them from enjoying a good show when they can't get over a change from the book as small as "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" to "The Lannisters send their regards".  If you're going to be that nit-picky and purist you should stop watching the show now.
6290	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-17	Ending the episode with Arya's implied death would overshadow the deaths of Robb and Catelyn, and would be a BIG mistake, IMO.
In the book, you never really think she died there, which is a good thing. I think bookreaders and showwatchers alike care more for her than for Catelyn, and much more than for Robb.
6291	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-17	I hope they keep it as "Jaime Lannister sends his regards." More than Robb's death, I think this was what caused Cat to go insane. The fact that she released Jaime in the hopes that he returns her daughters, only to end up believing that he staged the Red Wedding would have made her go mad with not only grief, but guilt. It also sets up his meeting with LS in the future.
6292	The Fourth Head	2013-05-17	Ending the episode with Arya's implied death would overshadow the deaths of Robb and Catelyn, and would be a BIG mistake, IMO.In the book, you never really think she died there, which is a good thing. I think bookreaders and showwatchers alike care more for her than for Catelyn, and much more than for Robb.First time round, I absolutely did think she had died. Not 100%, but well enough to compound my misery and view the whole event as one massive tragic, abject Stark defeat. I was already in such a dark place that I didn't dare hope she was alive. That was the lowest point for me.I think a fair way is to show the RW in its entirety from start to finish in the same episode- ending with Arya's fake death. It will allow people to realise "yes this is really happening" and give people a fresh perspective, allowing the horror to soak in and resonate.Episode 9 series 1 did not end on Ned's decapitation, it ended with Arya, but that still didn't reduce the horror of the moment. It added to it, as it was a "yes- thats right- that DID really just happen" and that realisation is even worse than the shock.I don't want my friends to be going on for a week saying Robb and Cat aren't really dead and Arya and the Hound will save them somehow by rescuing their bodies and taking them to Thoros. Arya being hit snuffed out any hopes for me that a happy twist was around the corner. It made me believe that it was over for all three, and to give up on happy endings to the extent that I was annoyed when Lady Stoneheart emerged.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 17 May 2013 - 04:37 AM.
6293	Arkash	2013-05-17	Same here, it annoyed me when Cat was resurrected... but finally, I understood what it could bring to the story, so I'm eagerly waiting !
6294	Rashtibram	2013-05-17	First time round, I absolutely did think she had died. Not 100%, but well enough to compound my misery and view the whole event as one massive tragic, abject Stark defeat. I was already in such a dark place that I didn't dare hope she was alive. That was the lowest point for me.I think a fair way is to show the RW in its entirety from start to finish in the same episode- ending with Arya's fake death. It will allow people to realise "yes this is really happening" and give people a fresh perspective, allowing the horror to soak in and resonate.Episode 9 series 1 did not end on Ned's decapitation, it ended with Arya, but that still didn't reduce the horror of the moment. It added to it, as it was a "yes- thats right- that DID really just happen" and that realisation is even worse than the shock.I don't want my friends to be going on for a week saying Robb and Cat aren't really dead and Arya and the Hound will save them somehow by rescuing their bodies and taking them to Thoros. Arya being hit snuffed out any hopes for me that a happy twist was around the corner. It made me believe that it was over for all three, and to give up on happy endings to the extent that I was annoyed when Lady Stoneheart emerged.I personally really hope they don't include arya's 'death'. I hate being teased about deaths in ASOIAF, when somebody dies you should make it clear that they are dead, and not lose the impact by saying 'or are they?' as a cliffhanger. i feel like the event wouldn't resonate as much if they teased arya's death, because it would be thought of as the biggest death of the scene by unsullied. and suddenly, the biggest death of the scene didn't happen after all... people would be like, 'YES SHE'S ALIVE! sad about those other guys, but who cares? SHE'S ALIVE!'
6295	The Fourth Head	2013-05-17	https://www.youtube....h?v=pVVXH6nBCaAYeah, I can now see where they are taking many of the Starks in general.I love the final few seconds of the Stark soundtrack- it has cold hearted vengeance written all over it. Winter Is Coming, and so is vengeance.On the subject of how the editors will incorporate Ramsey's reveal around the RW, here are a few thoughts.I think the show has been setting up a clear theme of disrespect and underestimating the danger of the Boltons. They have played on Locke's feelings of jealousy, of being underestimated, patronised, and his vicious sense of revenge to the extent that I actually felt a ridiculous tinge of sympathy for him when he was beaten by Jamie, humiliated about the sapphires and sullenly watching Jamie walk off- his only form of joy had been spoiled. I don't think it's a random adaptation by the show to make an injured sense of worth the reason for why they made Locke a bolton man, and for why Locke cut off Jamie's hand.Obviously, Ramsey has this massive respect issue surrounding his bastard status but they have yet to play that card, and even Roose subtly emphasised a sympathy with Locke when he commented on how he thought Jamie would have learnt his lesson about "overplaying his hand position" Humiliating Brienne in a dress and commenting on it was another subtle aspect they chose to emphasise- essentially, its all been about power and respect. When we get to find out his bastard status, and the complex he has about it, people will understand far better why Theon has been tortured all season due to a desperately injured sense of worth and a desperate lust for acknowledgement.They have clearly waited all this time for a reason to reveal Ramsey's identity, bastard status, and therefore, motives for torturing Theon, and this could be the perfect moment to reveal it, just as we are about to realise that Roose Bolton has been massively underestimated and ignored for too long, and that he too deserves a lot more respect from the audience. The difference is, Roose doesn't shout about, whereas Ramsey can. If Ramsey's reveal comes after the RW, people will not be impressed that this Roose Bolton nobody was the one who killed the king in the north and it will diminish the poignancy of the moment- which is all rather ironic.I think it would be cool if they integrated it with the RW. keeping the RW foreshadowing fairly low key until a cut, midway through the wedding in full swing to him and Theon in a silent dungeon. Everything is laughter and music, then cut to"Boy"B "This game is getting boring now- I'll give you one last guess as to who I am before I cut off your face"T "your Ramsey! Ramsey Snow- you're Lord Bolton's bastard!"B cue look of manic disappointment and rage "Never. call. me. Bastard!" I'm Roose Bolton's trueborn son, and it's time you learnt to show me a little, more, respect(cue more pain, Ramsey stands back and pauses)B Do you think this just about me? Nooo, it's not just about me. People have been disrespecting the Bolton's for years. The Starks, they have never respected our ways, our customs looking down their noses at us, outlawing our practices, making us hide our ways like petty criminals, ways we have kept to for thousands of years! Our way is the old way! The Starks have forgotten that but I think that may be about to change. Did you know those Stark boys have been captured? (a trolling exercise, but the audience wont know it) Those boys will come to learn the meaning of the word respect when I am done with them and, all thanks to you. Well done! You must feel so proud to serve a higher purpose! And as for your high and mighty Robb Stark, the KING IN THE NORTH, well, it's high time he learned a little bit of respect too. Do you know where he is right now? He's at a wedding right now with my dear old father Roose. I fear my father hasn't been shown enough respect either. Such a shame I wasn't invited to the wedding. I would have loved to watch- still, its not a total loss, I guess we will just have to make our own entertainment together! wont that be nice!"cogs whirring- OMFG Roose! but as this comes so close to the action, it doesn't matter any more.cut back to RW- noise, laughter, cacophony- Roose slips out noted by Cat, (shiiiiiiiit, where's he going now then??? whats he up to!) then the music changes to Rains of Castamere and bam- instant corony for anyone with a brain. We all realise at the same time as Cat that the music signals the end of the farce- no words, no actions needed. Times up.It will also add significance to the shift in culture in the north from Stark to Bolton when Roose stabs Robb. In season 2, Roose suggested torturing prisoners and Robb dismissed him. With this Ramsey reveal, connecting with Locke and Roose, it will very much feel like a changing of the guard moment- one that was lost on me in the books, what with Ramsey explaining who the Boltons are to Theon just before the Starks lose the north to them. Having an idea what the future holds under the Bolton's will add so much more depth to the moment "bad" triumphs over "good" and doing it this way will be a nice way of linking in all this gratuitous violence we have endured and dumping it on Roose's doorstep at just the right moment.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 17 May 2013 - 07:11 AM.
6296	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-17	I personally really hope they don't include arya's 'death'. I hate being teased about deaths in ASOIAF, when somebody dies you should make it clear that they are dead, and not lose the impact by saying 'or are they?' as a cliffhanger. i feel like the event wouldn't resonate as much if they teased arya's death, because it would be thought of as the biggest death of the scene by unsullied. and suddenly, the biggest death of the scene didn't happen after all... people would be like, 'YES SHE'S ALIVE! sad about those other guys, but who cares? SHE'S ALIVE!'Exactly! In fact, that would've been my exact reaction reading the books, had I really believed her dead. Her unexpected survival would've overshadowed the RW deaths.
6297	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	I don't know how true this is but I heard it from a friend and it kind of scares me. I'm hoping someone can debunk this.
Warning!!!! Possible MASSIVE show spoilers.
	Spoiler  Catelyn survives the red wedding but still becomes lady stoneheart 

					
					
							Edited by Fistful o' Dragons, 17 May 2013 - 06:27 AM.
6298	YTDN	2013-05-17	^How did your friend find out? Because there have been tonnes of 'rumours' going around that are nothing but wild speculation. Unless he was actually on set or involved in production (or knew someone who was), I'll take it with a grain of salt.
					
					
							Edited by YTDN, 17 May 2013 - 06:45 AM.
6299	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	^How did your friend find out? Because there have been tonnes of 'rumours' going around that are nothing but wild speculation. Unless he was actually on set or involved in production (or knew someone who was), I'll take it with a grain of salt.Im not sure where he heard it. He doesn't remember. I didn't think much of it at first, but it sounds like something the showrunners might pull off. I just wanted to see if it held any water on the forums. This would severely lessen the impact of RW IMO. I hope its not true. Otherwise I have some fairly nasty things to say to D&D/tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
6300	YTDN	2013-05-17	^Well, I haven't heard rumours like that anywhere, at least not from any official source. So it's probably just some speculation.
6301	sati	2013-05-17	Im not sure where he heard it. He doesn't remember. I didn't think much of it at first, but it sounds like something the showrunners might pull off. I just wanted to see if it held any water on the forums. This would severely lessen the impact of RW IMO. I hope its not true. Otherwise I have some fairly nasty things to say to D&D /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />I'm sure she dies and is brought back. Just look how much of the impact on resurrection there is this season, Thoros and Beric had like 3 scenes talking about it. I'd be worried more for the ridiculous Cat kills Talisa instead of Jinglebell speculation, because it sounds awful.
6302	King in the North Carolina	2013-05-17	Yeah, there are a lot of little things that could potentially be mishandled, but I really don't think something as big as that is one of them.
6303	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	I'm sure she dies and is brought back. Just look how much of the impact on resurrection there is this season, Thoros and Beric had like 3 scenes talking about it. I'd be worried more for the ridiculous Cat kills Talisa instead of Jinglebell speculation, because it sounds awful.I think the showrunners are lookin at Cat killing Talisa as the emotional equivalent to Robbs bannermen being massacred. U don't know about you guys, but some of those minor characters meant a lot to me.
6304	sati	2013-05-17	I think the showrunners are lookin at Cat killing Talisa as the emotional equivalent to Robbs bannermen being massacred. U don't know about you guys, but some of those minor characters meant a lot to me.I'm fine with Talisa dying in front of Robb but Cat shouldn't be the one to kill her. The whole image of her pulling Jinglebell's hair as he was hiding under the table and her killing him was one of the things that made RW so creepy. I would really like to hear the bells in the show and Cat killing someone so innocent would be a good prelude to her going insane which I sincerely hope they will portray well.
6305	Bastard Walder	2013-05-17	I'm fine with Talisa dying in front of Robb but Cat shouldn't be the one to kill her. The whole image of her pulling Jinglebell's hair as he was hiding under the table and her killing him was one of the things that made RW so creepy. I would really like to hear the bells in the show and Cat killing someone so innocent would be a good prelude to her going insane which I sincerely hope they will portray well.Talisa should take Dacey's place. Robb could dance with her, she could ask one of the Freys to dance (or would that be weird?), and she could try to run away but have an axe stuck in her belly (it also works because she's pregnant)
6306	YTDN	2013-05-17	^We know the moment where Cat slaps that Frey (the one with the chainmail under his shirt), so I'm assuming the moment with said Frey rejecting Dacey's dance is in. Of course we don't have Dacey (unless they get an extra), so I predict Talisa will be doing that. Also, I agree that her death will be something stomach-related, since it seems like the sort of sadistic shit the Freys would do.
6307	Fistful o' Dragons	2013-05-17	Talisa should take Dacey's place. Robb could dance with her, she could ask one of the Freys to dance (or would that be weird?), and she could try to run away but have an axe stuck in her belly (it also works because she's pregnant)Genius!!!   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
6308	House Ross	2013-05-17	Can't. Wait.
First thing I thought after I read the RW was,'holy sh-- this will be excellent television.' 
Talisa dying in front of Rob. Yes.
Rob dying in front of Cat. Yes. 
But who will Cat kill?? It must happen.
6309	Theda Baratheon	2013-05-17	OH MY GOD. I'M GOING TO BE IN A CARAVAN WITH NO INTERNET WHEN THIS AIRS. 
I AM GOING TO HAVE TO GO INTO THE TOWN AND SOMEHOW FIND A PUB OR SOMEWHERE PLAYING GAME OF THRONES. I CAN'T MISS THIS. 
I AM NOT WAITING ALMOST A WEEK TO WATCH IT.
6310	ebevan91	2013-05-17	I can't wait for this episode. Not for the RW itself, but because we'll finally be rid of the god-awful Robb/Cat arc. 
Actually mainly just Robb arc since Catelyn hasn't said much at all this season.
6311	sati	2013-05-17	I can't wait for this episode. Not for the RW itself, but because we'll finally be rid of the god-awful Robb/Cat arc.Actually mainly just Robb arc since Catelyn hasn't said much at all this season.But with Robb we are losing so much eye candy...especially after seeing his glorious butt.
6312	ebevan91	2013-05-17	But with Robb we are losing so much eye candy...especially after seeing his glorious butt.But I'm a straight male and my favorite women are still alive.
6313	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-17	I know HBO are delaying this by a week, but what about Sky Atlantic for us British, are we getting it as per schedule?
6314	ebevan91	2013-05-17	I know HBO are delaying this by a week, but what about Sky Atlantic for us British, are we getting it as per schedule?Hopefully you aren't.
6315	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-17	I know HBO are delaying this by a week, but what about Sky Atlantic for us British, are we getting it as per schedule?Hopefully you aren't.I'd be incredibly surprised - HBO is delaying it due to low ratings on Memorial Day last season.. releasing it in the UK a week early would destroy their HBO ratings on the air date - I mean I'd still watch it on HBO with my usual viewing party (which is a mix of unsullied & readers) but there's no way I'd be able to resist the urge to have a sneak peak - on top of that HBO seems pretty lax about YouTube videos scene by scene of every episode so even people who are wary of 'alternative' ways to watch would be compelled to have a look.
					
					
							Edited by Esero the Forest Scion, 17 May 2013 - 09:13 PM.
6316	ebevan91	2013-05-17	Plus I'd have to pretty much avoid the internet for a week because I'd be so tempted to find a way to way to watch the episode or at least read about it.
6317	BendTheKnee610	2013-05-17	Can't. Wait.First thing I thought after I read the RW was,'holy sh-- this will be excellent television.'Talisa dying in front of Rob. Yes.Rob dying in front of Cat. Yes.But who will Cat kill?? It must happen.If they kill her off, it would make sense for Talisa to be the first death. My guess is Catelyn will kill Lame Lothar.
6318	BendTheKnee610	2013-05-17	Before Robb is killed, I'd like to see some cross-cutting between him and Catelyn with her captured Frey, Greywind (who has been cut free), and Arya escaping from the Hound's grasp and attempting to reach the castle. For the Unsullied, this would be particularly suspenseful. Will Walder Frey spare Robb in exchange for his relative's life? Can Greywind escape? Will Arya be reunited with her mother and brother? I think it would also be nice if the sound for this section was muted; the silence could then be broken by Bolton saying "Jaime Lannister/The Lannisters send/s his/their regards." In matter of seconds, they could then shatter the audience's hopes within a few seconds with Bolton killing Robb, Greywind getting shot multiple times with crossbow bolts, and Arya being knocked unconscious by the Hound. 
After Catelyn saws through her captive's neck, I think it would be a nice touch if she attempted to kill Walder in a blind rage before being subdued. The camera should focus on Catelyn's eyes as they slit her throat, and linger on her for a few moments as she falls to ground. Briefly play the Stark theme while to cutting to the deceased, and end the episode with an open shot of Robb's massacred army before rolling the credits in silence.
6319	Pixi Penrose	2013-05-18	Haha i threw the book at the wall as well, i felt as though i had been kicked in the stomach.Me too! And I was reading on my Kindle,so that was a pretty stupid move...
6320	sati	2013-05-18	Before Robb is killed, I'd like to see some cross-cutting between him and Catelyn with her captured Frey, Greywind (who has been cut free), and Arya escaping from the Hound's grasp and attempting to reach the castle. For the Unsullied, this would be particularly suspenseful. Will Walder Frey spare Robb in exchange for his relative's life? Can Greywind escape? Will Arya be reunited with her mother and brother? I think it would also be nice if the sound for this section was muted; the silence could then be broken by Bolton saying "Jaime Lannister/The Lannisters send/s his/their regards." In matter of seconds, they could then shatter the audience's hopes within a few seconds with Bolton killing Robb, Greywind getting shot multiple times with crossbow bolts, and Arya being knocked unconscious by the Hound.After Catelyn saws through her captive's neck, I think it would be a nice touch if she attempted to kill Walder in a blind rage before being subdued. The camera should focus on Catelyn's eyes as they slit her throat, and linger on her for a few moments as she falls to ground. Briefly play the Stark theme while to cutting to the deceased, and end the episode with an open shot of Robb's massacred army before rolling the credits in silence.I want Cat to fall on her knees and laugh manically. That was so horrifying. Also it would awesome if she actually said "Don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair!"
6321	Rabid Grunt	2013-05-18	I wonder how many Freys/Boltons will die, in comparison to the Stark soldiers, and how they play out the actually battle outside the castle. 
Also, hoping for some epic exterior shots!
6322	BendTheKnee610	2013-05-18	I want Cat to fall on her knees and laugh manically. That was so horrifying. Also it would awesome if she actually said "Don't cut my hair, Ned loves my hair!"That too, of course.
6323	BurningCandle	2013-05-19	Then, at Edmure's wedding feast, things start to get out of hand. Out of the blue, we hear Grey Wind howl, with Robb and Cat both hearing it and suddenly becoming alert. Everything goes quiet. And then we hear the band start to softly sing "And who, are you, the proud lord said?"That in itself, would just cause the audience to go, "Awww, shit." And then cue the massacre, as the music gets louder and louder. D and D have said that the music will play a big role in the scene.Yeah, that would be awesome. We would get to see Cat & Rob's reactions cross their faces as they realize exactly what has happened.
6324	Master Forel's Fro	2013-05-19	Im not sure if this was mentioned in the show yet, but Do you think someone will mention in episode 8 how tywin had that song played while he wiped out his enemies?
6325	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-19	Im not sure if this was mentioned in the show yet, but Do you think someone will mention in episode 8 how tywin had that song played while he wiped out his enemies?Tywin did mention it a lil bit when Arya was his cupbearer, but I don't think we've had anyone explain the full story or why the song Bronn sang in Blackwater is the Lannister song.http://youtu.be/U8OyYZSPh8g?t=9m -talking about Tywin's fatherhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=Kz1oaEuPmBM -finding out the song is related to the Lannisters in-universeNot much mention beyond that. People believe it will be mentioned in episode 8, because in the preview, Cersei talks about "every man, woman, and child put to the sword" and there was another line in an earlier trailer with Tyrion asking "how long does it go on?" and she says "until we've dealt with all our enemies"http://www.youtube.c...h?v=yd9nOdeJf7Q -every man woman, and child . . .http://www.youtube.c...h?v=p4iljcuzjG8 -until we've dealt . . .she even seems to be wearing the same dress, so they are probably part of the same conversation.
6326	Gendels Children	2013-05-19	so many of my friends (knowing what it symbolises) hate this song, but I got to say I love it, the haunting and deep voice in fantastic givens me shivers. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ECewrAld3zw
6327	Gendels Children	2013-05-19	also I know its going to be and extra week before the episode airs due to the memorial day holiday on May 26th in the United States, but will it be the same for every other country since its a US holiday? is that a dumb question?
6328	sati	2013-05-19	also I know its going to be and extra week before the episode airs due to the memorial day holiday on May 26th in the United States, but will it be the same for every other country since its a US holiday? is that a dumb question?I think it's two-week hiatus for all of us /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
6329	Arkash	2013-05-19	How can someone hate this song ? oO
6330	Gendels Children	2013-05-19	I think it's two-week hiatus for all of us /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />oh gods I really hope episode 8 will be good enough to satisfy my craving for TWO whole weeks... i'll be watching it over and over and over anyway
6331	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-19	How can someone hate this song ? oOWell to be fair, if you don't know the meaning behind it it kind of loses something.
6332	silentwanderer	2013-05-19	I wonder how many Freys/Boltons will die, in comparison to the Stark soldiers, and how they play out the actually battle outside the castle.Also, hoping for some epic exterior shots!There has to be at least one exterior shot.Arya & The Hound are supposed to be approaching the Castle when the slaughter begins.
6333	TheGreenBell	2013-05-19	I'm imagining everything will be in slow motion when the song starts to play
					
					
							Edited by TheGreenBell, 20 May 2013 - 12:23 AM.
6334	The Knight of Flours	2013-05-20	I just imagined some SNL type skit of the Wedding, where guests keep going up to the DJ (sorry, band-leader?) and saying 'I'd like to request Rains of Castamere' and he says 'I'll try and play it later in the set'..
6335	superdeluxe	2013-05-20	So what can D&D do to try and steer the audience away from thinking that the RW is the big event?  If nothing happens during the first 45 minutes and we get to the wedding, most will think something bad will happen there.
However, if another 'big' event happens in the middle, then the RW at the end might be a little more shocking.  Thoughts?
6336	Dysun	2013-05-20	I imagine they might try to make you fear for the safety of Jon/Bran at Queenscrown plus Jorah in Yunkai.
6337	Cybvep	2013-05-20	You are worrying too much. Those who put Robb in the dead-pool already know that sth bad will happen to him in episode 9, those who won't figure this out until episode 9 airs will be shocked no matter what, assuming that they care for Robb and Cat at least a little bit. Considering that most show fans are probably Stark fanboys, I expect that it will hit them hard. Seriously, many people were upset when Ros died. How do you think they will react when they realise that Robb and his army are gone and Arya&Sansa will never be reunited with her mother?
6338	The Maid of Mansfield	2013-05-20	It's not suppose to be a funny matter, I know, but I keep imagining that lights will suddenly dim and Tywin will enter the hall performing The Rains of Castamere like a crooner (or maybe pulling a Bob Downe). For a while now, I can't stop playing this stupid scene in my mind.
6339	Sand11751	2013-05-20	When they played the Rains of Castamere at the end of Ep 7, I kept thinking, "no, no, wrong song." But when I hear it at the end of Ep 9, I'm just gonna fall out, weeping. The sobbing will reach its high point when Cat says her line about her hair. Easily the most devastating scene D&D will ever film, to top Ned's final scene. Thank you, GRRM, you magnificent bastard, for ripping my heart and serving it still warm and beating to me; can't wait for the screen version.
6340	Dragonstoned	2013-05-20	Edmure looks so happy at his wedding /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
6341	TheDarkOne	2013-05-20	I can't wait to see Roose get his big moment! I wonder how true to the book it will be, will he twist the blade?
Hopefully they hold nothing back and let the slaughter go on for about ten minutes straight to capture everything.
This should be the kind of scene you can watch a million times and it's always good.
6342	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-05-20	I really doubt that Ned loves my hair scene is going to be in. 
It seems like it'd be hard to film without looking like Narm.
6343	go joff go	2013-05-20	I really doubt that Ned loves my hair scene is going to be in.It seems like it'd be hard to film without looking like Narm.Yeah I think people need to brace themselves for that.  I know I'm in the minority but it just seems like a really weird thing to say when you are about to get killed.
6344	Ser-Bruce-Wayne	2013-05-20	I have seen so little of grey wind , i'm starting to think they wont do the infamous head exchange.
6345	ebevan91	2013-05-20	I have seen so little of grey wind , i'm starting to think they wont do the infamous head exchange.It's something so shocking that I think they WILL include it.
6346	Ser-Bruce-Wayne	2013-05-20	It's something so shocking that I think they WILL include it.Dude man they better , but I dont know why they show so little of grey wind , we get lots of dany and her dragons and so little of robb with his wolf
6347	Words of Winter	2013-05-20	I have seen so little of grey wind , i'm starting to think they wont do the infamous head exchange.I think we will get it in the first 10 minutes of episode 10.  It will be an aftermath episode IMHO.
6348	Spilly	2013-05-20	Ned Loves my hair... I hope they include this line... it was my favorite in the series.
6349	White As Snow	2013-05-20	Ned Loves my hair... I hope they include this line... it was my favorite in the series.Seeing as how she thinks that, I doubt it. As long as she screams and laughs hysterically with blood all over her face and hands, I'll be happy. I'm afraid they'll change that though.
6350	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-20	It would be awful if they included the "Ned loves my hair" line, and would make no sense as it correlates to the other thoughts that she is having at the time.
6351	mystikherb	2013-05-20	Seeing as how she thinks that, I doubt it. As long as she screams and laughs hysterically with blood all over her face and hands, I'll be happy. I'm afraid they'll change that though.I can at least understand if they don't keep the line in there, but I've been looking forward to seeing if Michelle Fairley can pull off the darker role the show will demand from this point on... Cat completely breaking down and laughing hysterically as her throat is slit is an image that has been floating around SOMEWHERE in my head since I finished that chapter, and I'll be very disappointed if they don't at least have that
6352	Words of Winter	2013-05-20	Practically speaking, how does one sew a massive canine head onto man's body?   It is a disturbing image, but I don't know how it would look afterward.  I don't think they would fit .  The snout would have to facing skyward and the neck would be bigger than the body holding it, I would think.
6353	MarieAntoinette	2013-05-21	Seeing as how she thinks that, I doubt it. As long as she screams and laughs hysterically with blood all over her face and hands, I'll be happy. I'm afraid they'll change that though.I guess that the line will probably not be included.However since at this point Cat is already mad from grief they could have her saying it out loud to herself.
6354	Nick_Scryer	2013-05-21	God I hope they keep the "Ned loves my hair" line.
I don't see how it would be a problem to have her say it aloud. She's gone crazy at this point, she could be talking to Ned, naming all her children and why this happened to her family. etc... It works in my head at least.
Too good a line not to keep.
6355	sati	2013-05-21	Yeah I think people need to brace themselves for that.  I know I'm in the minority but it just seems like a really weird thing to say when you are about to get killed.She said that because she was already insane. That was the whole point - she went so mad that in this one moment she believed they will actually cut her hair and that Ned was still alive.
6356	Lord Elrosir	2013-05-21	Takes away from the scene.  Reading a book and watching a TV/movie are different, that does not translate well to the screen.
6357	Rashtibram	2013-05-21	So what can D&D do to try and steer the audience away from thinking that the RW is the big event?  If nothing happens during the first 45 minutes and we get to the wedding, most will think something bad will happen there.However, if another 'big' event happens in the middle, then the RW at the end might be a little more shocking.  Thoughts?It looks like we'll get Queenscrown this episode, plus maybe the beginning of the battle of Yunkai. Personally, I can see my Unsullied figuring out something bad's gonna happen at the start of the wedding, but I don't think we'll get an obvious build up saying, 'yep, the wedding contains the big event, get ready!' btw, remember in 'Baelor' how right before Ned died, we got an awesome Stark-friendly moment where Robb captured Jaime Lannister, raising everyone's hopes but also somewhat easing the pain of the beheading at the end? This makes me think that Queenscrown (as it's such an amazing Stark-friendly moment as well) will happen right before the RW, leading Unsullied to believe that it is the major climax of the episode.
6358	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-21	It looks like we'll get Queenscrown this episode, plus maybe the beginning of the battle of Yunkai. Personally, I can see my Unsullied figuring out something bad's gonna happen at the start of the wedding, but I don't think we'll get an obvious build up saying, 'yep, the wedding contains the big event, get ready!'btw, remember in 'Baelor' how right before Ned died, we got an awesome Stark-friendly moment where Robb captured Jaime Lannister, raising everyone's hopes but also somewhat easing the pain of the beheading at the end? This makes me think that Queenscrown (as it's such an amazing Stark-friendly moment as well) will happen right before the RW, leading Unsullied to believe that it is the major climax of the episode.Ya, but from the preview it looks likes Quenscrown will be different. Instead of an old man they're trying to make Jon kill a crow. Then there's a shot of him pushing Ygritte as she tries to shoot someone. Also, I bet this is the EP where Orell's eagle attacks Jon, so I have a feeling the Queencrown scene may be entirely different. Which I don't know how I feel about that. It was great in the books. I guess it could be better.
6359	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Ya, but from the preview it looks likes Quenscrown will be different. Instead of an old man they're trying to make Jon kill a crow. Then there's a shot of him pushing Ygritte as she tries to shoot someone. Also, I bet this is the EP where Orell's eagle attacks Jon, so I have a feeling the Queencrown scene may be entirely different. Which I don't know how I feel about that. It was great in the books. I guess it could be better.There's definitely an old, blind man that they have Jon lined up to kill, there have been multiple trailer shots showing this.
6360	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-21	There's definitely an old, blind man that they have Jon lined up to kill, there have been multiple trailer shots showing this.Why do you think Tormund is talking about killing crows in the preview then? Maybe it's just slightly different, because it looks like Orell's eagle will clearly attack Jon.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 21 May 2013 - 09:18 AM.
6361	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Why do you think Tormund is talking about killing crows in the preview then? Maybe it's just slightly different, because it looks like Orell's eagle will clearly attack Jon.It might be two different sequences. Maybe they see a NW guy on the way to Queenscrown, they're ready to sneak up on him and kill him and Jon knocks Ygritte away at the last second so that he continues on unaware of their presence.  So Tormund et al are even more mistrustful of him and once they get to Queenscrown and find the old man, they want Jon to kill him to prove himself, just as it goes in the books.The Orell eagle attack I assume takes place as Jon is escaping later.  I also expect that he'll be wounded by an arrow from Ygritte on the way out.
6362	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-21	It might be two different sequences. Maybe they see a NW guy on the way to Queenscrown, they're ready to sneak up on him and kill him and Jon knocks Ygritte away at the last second so that he continues on unaware of their presence.  So Tormund et al are even more mistrustful of him and once they get to Queenscrown and find the old man, they want Jon to kill him to prove himself, just as it goes in the books.The Orell eagle attack I assume takes place as Jon is escaping later.  I also expect that he'll be wounded by an arrow from Ygritte on the way out.Maybe you're right, but I think the sequences of events happens the other way around. If Jon prevented Igrette from killing a crow Tormund would have Jon killed on the spot.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 21 May 2013 - 10:14 AM.
6363	King Tommen	2013-05-21	Maybe you're right, but I think the sequences of events happens the other way around. If Jon prevented Igrette from killing a crow Tormund would have Jon killed on the spot.Looking at the promo again, all the Queenscrown stuff (the eagle attack, Jon facing the old man) is in the pouring rain.  The scene where Tormund and Jon are hunkered down and talking about killing a crow is clear as day so that has to take place before they get to Queenscrown.  Ygritte getting bumped by Jon while she's shooting an arrow is also in the pouring rain so that would have to be at Queenscrown (my best guess is that she's shooting at Summer).
6364	Maizel	2013-05-21	I think the coming episode will focus heavily n Rob, it can;t be any other way if they want his snuffing to have any impact.
6365	Tone	2013-05-21	Do you suppose they'll have the secret stone causeway beneath the water leading up to Queenscrown?
					
					
							Edited by Tone, 21 May 2013 - 03:40 PM.
6366	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-21	Do you suppose they'll have the secret stone causeway beneath the water leading up to Queenscrown?I bet/hope they do. If it's not there why wouldn't the wildlings search the building and find Bran and co. Or maybe it's not there and the wildlings do search the tower, but Bran and co. hide somewhere to create some more suspense. Who knows?
6367	Lady Arwen	2013-05-21	Seeing as how she thinks that, I doubt it. As long as she screams and laughs hysterically with blood all over her face and hands, I'll be happy. I'm afraid they'll change that though.I'm also hoping they go with the hysterical laugh and the "Mad...make an end of it" before cutting to the credits. (I somehow doubt that they'll make it as gruesome as I've envisioned it.)
6368	Jolene Brown	2013-05-21	As much as I don't agree with many of their choices concerning Cat, Michelle Fairley plays the SHIT out of this role, and I am going to be about a billion times sadder about her death than Robb's (although I do like Richard Madden).  God, Cat.  Poor poor Cat.
6369	Jolene Brown	2013-05-21	Also, they can easily keep the Not my hair Ned loves my hair line!  She could just be begging them not to cut it as they are actually about to do it - I think that's far more natural than the rest of the thoughts she has.
6370	LordStoneheart	2013-05-21	Although I do know Robb's minutes are numbered, I think people are really underestimating the reactions of fans. Unsullied love the Starks. The comments about no sympathy for him are purely from book-readers who don't like the changes to his storyline. I'm not defending the changes, but I really think the changes themselves cause people to not like Robb rather than his characterization.
The Karstark scene was a brilliant precursor that showed a viewer-friendly Robb, especially when he shouts "They were boys!" in regards to Lannisters.
I know for sure my Unsullied brother, sister, and dad are gonna hate seeing it. They're not all for Talisa (especially my sister but I think she just resents any females that are with the attractive men, like her dislike of Ygritte) but they do love Robb.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 21 May 2013 - 06:33 PM.
6371	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-21	^Yeah. A lot of the Unsullied are frustrated with Robb this season - but that's because they like him and want him to be awesome again.
When shit hits the fan, their frustration will turn to horror and ultimately devastation.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 21 May 2013 - 09:13 PM.
6372	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-21	Ya I wonder how many unsuliied will quit the show (at least for awhile) after EP09. Probably not a lot, but definitely a few. However, maybe it will be so devastating and shocking to the unsullied that it will actually cause a rise in viewership. I personally think if they do this scene justice than it will happen. From the little info we did receive about how much the actors went through to create that scene it seems like it will live up to the hype.
6373	King Tommen	2013-05-21	I have never heard of anyone who has just stopped watching a show or reading a book just because a character they liked died.  You can be upset about it and mad even but who actually doesn't continue on to see what happens next?
Does anyone know anybody who was reading the ASOIAF books and stopped after the RW and never read another word afterwords? Why would the show be any different?  In most cases, when a protagonist doesn't succeed in the middle of the story, it increases the engagement of the audience or reader because they want to see that much more the villain get their comeuppance or for another hero to emerge.
Ned died and the following episode garnered the biggest ratings of the season. I would imagine the same thing happens this season.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 21 May 2013 - 11:25 PM.
6374	Daenerys Must Die	2013-05-21	I have never heard of anyone who has just stopped watching a show or reading a book just because a character they liked died.  You can be upset about it and mad even but who actually doesn't continue on to see what happens next?Does anyone know anybody who was reading the ASOIAF books and stopped after the RW and never read another word afterwords? Why would the show be any different?  In most cases, when a protagonist doesn't succeed in the middle of the story, it increases the engagement of the audience or reader because they want to see that much more the villain get their comeuppance or for another hero to emerge.Ned died and the following episode garnered the biggest ratings of the season. I would imagine the same thing happens this season.Yeah I'd imagine the same ratings boost will occur for ep. 10 of this season .. though if it was Daenerys that died I bet the show would lose some viewers.. Dany = Ratings. Too bad Stannis didn't have another leech. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I definitely had to put the book down for a bit after I finished the RW and then skip ahead to the next Arya POV chapter just to check.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys Must Die, 21 May 2013 - 11:33 PM.
6375	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-21	If some viewers were to leave the show, I think it'd be more out of a sense of, "Why do I continue to watch bad things happen to good people..." kind of mentality. ...but they'll be back...As far as the reaction to Robb & Catelyn dying... It's gonna' be big. I know that around these parts we like to think we're tuned in to what the average viewer thinks, but that's not really the case. Our criticisms are usually not their criticisms, considering non-readers don't really have the same expectations that we do as it concerns the show. Another thing is that the number of viewers who likely engage in any type of fan forum (such as WiC.com & Westeros.org) are pretty small compared to the overall number of viewers. And since this show is the most pirated in the world, it could be deduced that a fair amount of those who discuss the show on-line aren't watching through official channels and also don't represent the 'average viewer'.I was at a bachelor party with a lot of friends and a few strangers, and almost every person in this group of roughly 20 guys has been watching the show (and most of them started somewhat recently, though right now I'm the only one who has read the books). When one of the guys brought up that he thought Robb Stark is "doomed", most of the group disagreed pretty vehemently."You can't kill the King in the North!""Who will fight the Lannister family if they kill Robb?""Him and that chick with the dragons are going to meet up and wreck shit."Etc. And the few guys who did agree thought that it would happen when he attacks Casterly Rock ("The Lannister castle-place."). Between that red herring, and the explanation that Cersei gave for The Rains of Castamere to Margaery right before threatening to kill her... I think they've sufficiently thrown most of the audience off the of the trail. Of course, the more observant and detail-oriented viewers might still be wary of this trip to The Twins, but the manner in which everything goes down should still surprise even those viewers.I think there are going to be a lot of shocked (and pissed) viewers after the episode. As there should be. Considering all that will happen with the Stark family in this episode (with two groups of them almost meeting up [Jon with Rickon & Bran / Arya with Catelyn & Robb]), emotions will already be running high for a lot of viewers. Because the bottom line is, whether you're a big fan of the characters individually or not, collectively the Stark family are the heroes of this story right now. And really, issues of character adaptation aside, that makes perfect sense. All of the members of the Stark family are portrayed by fantastic actors, and throughout these three seasons, they've all had some great moments that have endeared them to the audience. I suspect that the 'gaping hole' feeling that some experienced with Ned will be less prevalent, but the sheer brutality of the massacre - especially Catelyn being killed, and what's done to her and Robb's bodies - will strike a much deeper chord with viewers. I actually think it's going to catch some book readers off guard, as well. Reading about something and actually seeing it on-screen are two very different things. Both can inspire an incredible amount and depth of feeling, but there's always something more visceral about actually seeing it... In any case, I'm equal parts excited and nervous to watch the episode. There's a lot of expectation that comes along with this event, so I'm going to make sure I give it a few views and let it sink in before coming to any definitive conclusions on how I feel about it. 
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 21 May 2013 - 11:56 PM.
6376	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-22	Yeah I'd imagine the same ratings boost will occur for ep. 10 of this season .. though if it was Daenerys that died I bet the show would lose some viewers.. Dany = Ratings. Too bad Stannis didn't have another leech. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I definitely had to put the book down for a bit after I finished the RW and then skip ahead to the next Arya POV chapter just to check.I did the exact same thing. If Arya died I might have burned my book. And what I said is that some may refuse to watch at least for awhile not forever. Further, I said if they give the scene the justice it deserves then the show will actually get more respect/praise and in the end an added fanbase.But just think about it. Season 1: Ned is executed at Joffrey's orders; Season 2: Winterfell is burned and all its in inhabitants slaughtered; Season 3: The Red Wedding. Do you really think no unsullied will want to take a break from the show out of despair? After three seasons our heroes have always had something terrible done to them. Yes, I'm sure most of them will be back, but like Khal said I think it's hard for some of you to understand what it's like for the unsullied to watch the show.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 22 May 2013 - 09:17 AM.
6377	Effie	2013-05-22	I remember wanting to put it down, I was really angry, and then I saw who the next POV was and of course I had to know what comes next... I think if it hadn't been Arya next chapter, I'd have definitely taken a break to finish the essays that were due that week.I want the end of the events of Chapter 51 and Chapter 52 to be occurring simulataneously - like, we'll see everyone dying and then Arya trying to get in to see her brother/mother..and then the episode ending with her being hit in the back of the head so everyone thinks she dies.I actually want Arya's POV split here. I want her getting there, seeing the castle, trying to get in (you know, the conversation the Hound has with one of the guards or something) and then cut inside, RW happening, cut back outside, everyone is shocked and then sees Arya again and that makes it so much worse and then the Hound hitting her in the back of the head.
6378	Lady Arwen	2013-05-22	I actually want Arya's POV split here. I want her getting there, seeing the castle, trying to get in (you know, the conversation the Hound has with one of the guards or something) and then cut inside, RW happening, cut back outside, everyone is shocked and then sees Arya again and that makes it so much worse and then the Hound hitting her in the back of the head. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
6379	Tyrion4President	2013-05-22	I can't wait to see Roose get his big moment! I wonder how true to the book it will be, will he twist the blade?Hopefully they hold nothing back and let the slaughter go on for about ten minutes straight to capture everything.This should be the kind of scene you can watch a million times and it's always good.i find it very interesting the parallels between the RW and Caesars murder. Its even more funny that in HBO's Rome, Brutis is played by the same actor who plays Edmure.
6380	Red Knight	2013-05-22	I do hope, if nothing else, Smalljon pimp slaps Raymond with a mutton leg.hahahahaha me too
6381	Fuse Prime	2013-05-22	I watched Second Sons with one of my Unsullied friends and he said during the preview for Rains of Castamere, "Damn, it doesn't look like they'll have much of  Robb again.  I just want to see some battles!"  My only response to that was along the lines of, "Yeah, me too."  
I love the fact that they barely showed the wedding in preview.  This will catch the Unsullied completely off guard!
6382	Corwin McFrogger	2013-05-22	It is incredibly hard not to tell everyone that episode 9 will be the best thing on TV ever! I honestly am dying inside now that the delay is 2 weeks! What are you doing to me HBO?! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
6383	Dead The Poet	2013-05-22	Well because of the week layoff the RW is going to be the same week as my sister's wedding, and I live in the North and I am the eldest son...
My damn Direwolf is no where to be seen either! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
6384	ebevan91	2013-05-22	Well because of the week layoff the RW is going to be the same week as my sister's wedding, and I live in the North and I am the eldest son...My damn Direwolf is no where to be seen either! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Make sure you name an heir on the way.
6385	Dead The Poet	2013-05-22	Make sure you name an heir on the way.I did just that...I wrote it in my personal organiser but wouldn't you know it my Direwolf ate it. /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
6386	Bannerless Man	2013-05-23	I did just that...I wrote it in my personal organiser but wouldn't you know it my Direwolf ate it. /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />A likely story, you just forgot to do it didn't you. Write "I must name my heir before weddings" fifty times on the board. /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' />
6387	Rashtibram	2013-05-23	It might be two different sequences. Maybe they see a NW guy on the way to Queenscrown, they're ready to sneak up on him and kill him and Jon knocks Ygritte away at the last second so that he continues on unaware of their presence.  So Tormund et al are even more mistrustful of him and once they get to Queenscrown and find the old man, they want Jon to kill him to prove himself, just as it goes in the books.The Orell eagle attack I assume takes place as Jon is escaping later.  I also expect that he'll be wounded by an arrow from Ygritte on the way out.Or it might be the same sequence. I think people are reading too much into the differences between the two scenes; Tormund could just be calling the old man a 'crow' because he's affiliated with the Night's Watch in some way.
6388	lostinwesteros	2013-05-23	So much in this thread!  The murder of Talisa will be vital so as to kill the idea of Robb having a direct heir, but it doesn't make sense for Cat to do it.  Doesn't like we'll get the Robb's Will scene, though.  Too many other major things to cover in this episode.  Seems vital that they show the underwater tunnel to QC; otherwise Bran, et. al. won't be safe from attack there, plus, doesn't Summer need a logical way to get to the fight scene?.  Providing the clarity about Bran warging into Summer will be awesome.  I haven't liked the foreshadowing they've done so far with Ygritte telling Jon she knows he didn't quit being a crow when he walked into Mance's tent, though, or last episode when she said, "Don't ever betray me."  Think it cuts down on the shock value when Jon does make his break from the wildlings.The whole Arya/Hound scene approaching the Twins will be awesome.  A question - Does it seem like Coldhands be this episode or next one?
					
					
							Edited by lostinwesteros, 23 May 2013 - 09:52 AM.
6389	'96Buck	2013-05-23	Seems vital that they show the underwater tunnel to QC; otherwise Bran, et. al. won't be safe from attack there, plus, doesn't Summer need a logical way to get to the fight scene?Just to clarify, it's not a tunnel, it's a slightly submerged walkway.
6390	Leinna	2013-05-24	I expect Ramsay to either be at the Red Wedding or to be revealed as Roose's son at around the same time as Roose does the deed ...
6391	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-05-24	I expect Ramsay to either be at the Red Wedding or to be revealed as Roose's son at around the same time as Roose does the deed ...That could be an interesting twist. I don't know if I would like it, but I could see him being one of with the Boltons that storm in at the end that Cat mistakes for a rescue for a split second.
6392	Dennis Beatty	2013-05-24	I expect Ramsay to either be at the Red Wedding or to be revealed as Roose's son at around the same time as Roose does the deed ...I believe that this is done in the books by giving Cat and Robb the skin from Theon's finger and Roose saying 'well, my bastard Ramsay is a little 'extreme' but...'
6393	Ser Steven	2013-05-25	It looks like we'll get Queenscrown this episode, plus maybe the beginning of the battle of Yunkai. Personally, I can see my Unsullied figuring out something bad's gonna happen at the start of the wedding, but I don't think we'll get an obvious build up saying, 'yep, the wedding contains the big event, get ready!'btw, remember in 'Baelor' how right before Ned died, we got an awesome Stark-friendly moment where Robb captured Jaime Lannister, raising everyone's hopes but also somewhat easing the pain of the beheading at the end? This makes me think that Queenscrown (as it's such an amazing Stark-friendly moment as well) will happen right before the RW, leading Unsullied to believe that it is the major climax of the episode.I think the Stark friendly moment is gonna be Arya showing up at the the Twins. The fans are gonna be all yeah Arya made it back to her mother. Cut to inside where everything goes to hell.
6394	Lord Tyrion's Whore	2013-05-25	If any one stops watching after this episode it will be their loss, unless Talisa turns out to be a spy, in which case I'll probably stop watching /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6395	adeadhand	2013-05-25	Any idea if Greatjohn is making an appearance in place of his relatives?
About Ramsey... I think his reveal comes in episode 10 with Bolton's return as Warden of the North. Nice way to wrap up those arcs.
6396	Arkash	2013-05-25	No Greatjon ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
6397	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-25	No Greatjon ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I think they meant smalljon.In my mind, they will have him show up when Catelyn suggests keeping his men around him or something and tell Robb he's sorry to hear about his father. "The Greatjon was a good man" etc.But probably not.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 25 May 2013 - 08:28 PM.
6398	LordStoneheart	2013-05-26	Hate to ask since I love the secrecy they've managed so far, but where are the internet spoilers/screenshots? lol
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 26 May 2013 - 02:37 AM.
6399	Nezzer	2013-05-26	Hate to ask since I love the secrecy they've managed so far, but where are the internet spoilers/screenshots? lolThe guy who took the screenshots cannot do that anymore I'm afraid. Oh, and this sunday there will be no new episode. Memorial Day hiatus.June 2nd is a nice day for a Red Wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 26 May 2013 - 02:55 AM.
6400	lostinasia	2013-05-26	The guy who took the screenshots cannot do that anymore I'm afraid.Given that the first of the screenshots I saw was the one of dead Ros, this post seems more than a little ominous! HBO has clout - I fear for the guy. Is that what "Boy" was up to last episode?
6401	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-26	June 2nd is a nice day for a Red Wedding./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Oh my god, that gif is brilliant.
6402	Nezzer	2013-05-26	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Oh my god, that gif is brilliant.It is. I used to be a big Billy Idol fan some years ago so this gif was perfect for me. r/Dreadfort is a golden mine /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
6403	Chuck88	2013-05-26	It is. I used to be a big Billy Idol fan some years ago so this gif was perfect for me. r/Dreadfort is a golden mine /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That is spectacular /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
6404	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-26	It is. I used to be a big Billy Idol fan some years ago so this gif was perfect for me. r/Dreadfort is a golden mine /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Guess I found my new favourite subreddit. Move over, r/onetruegod!BTW, found this from one of the threads on r/Dreadfort:Hey little wolf pup whats your plan now?Hey little wolf pup who's the hero?Hey little wolf pup who's your wife again?Hey little wolf pup who're you sworn to?Hey little wolf pup, Cross Bow!Its a nice day for Frey again.Its a nice day for a Red WeddingIts a nice day to flay again.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 26 May 2013 - 05:34 AM.
6405	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-26	BTW, someone seems to have made a Red Wedding Billy Idol parody on Youtube already. I hope it goes viral in a week.
6406	tbhayward	2013-05-26	As a lot of people have mentioned I'm not sure tv only viewers are going to be quite as shocked as we were... at least the ones I know. My sister has flat out told me that "Robb is so boring" and one of my other friends admits that she can't even keep Robb and Jon straight.
Also, do you think we'll get to see Robb writing a will?
					
					
							Edited by tbhayward, 26 May 2013 - 10:52 AM.
6407	Arkash	2013-05-26	Maybe the deaths wont be shocking but the scene will.
I just reread it... damn, it has the potential to be a monument of scenery : the crowdy hall, the feast, the drunk Northmen, Cat having a headache, the music, the drums, Robb having to grant every wish of Walder Frey, the bedding with Roslin in tears, Dacey Mormont (replaced by Talisa ?) figuring the steel beneath Edwyn Frey's silk, the axe in her belly, the crossbows, the Rains, Gretjon (replaced ?) trying to protect Robb, Catelyn crawling to Walder Frey, getting to Jinglebell, the tentative of trade with Walder Frey, conjuring Robb to escape, Roose Bolton and the regards, Cat cutting the throat of Jinglebell, becoming insane, lacerating her own face, blood and tears running on her face and arms, laughing and screaming histerically, and being finally put down out of misery... and the drums, and the drums !
It's gonna be epic if done properly !
6408	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	So many great links in this thread just now.
6409	Chairman7w	2013-05-26	Oh God... I just had the worst thought!  What if they "ran out of money" and did the whole scene in the background, like they did Whispering Wood and Tyrion's awesome battle in book one???
					
					
							Edited by Chairman7w, 26 May 2013 - 11:24 AM.
6410	Chairman7w	2013-05-26	Well, nice knowing you.Well because of the week layoff the RW is going to be the same week as my sister's wedding, and I live in the North and I am the eldest son...My damn Direwolf is no where to be seen either! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
6411	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-26	Oh God... I just had the worst thought!  What if they "ran out of money" and did the whole scene in the background, like they did Whispering Wood and Tyrion's awesome battle in book one???That is not possible. It was THE scene that made them want to adapt the books. Why would they blow their money for everything else BUT their primary reason for starting the project in the first place? I think it would occur to them to save some. Besides, wasn't whispering wood off "screen" in the books anyway?
6412	Talbot	2013-05-26	My mom spoiled Robb's death for herself on accident. She was kinda shocked, but she was glad that Catelyn died. Which was weird, I would've thought she liked her.
6413	The King Breaker	2013-05-26	does anyone else think it would be awesome if they just ended the episode with the music starts to play then crossbows come out the freys burst in and then credits as the rains of castamere plays just to fuck with the unsullied
6414	Dragonstoned	2013-05-26	does anyone else think it would be awesome if they just ended the episode with the music starts to play then crossbows come out the freys burst in and then credits as the rains of castamere plays just to fuck with the unsulliedThink that would fuck with bookreaders nearly as much!
6415	Stark Revenge	2013-05-26	That is not possible. It was THE scene that made them want to adapt the books. Why would they blow their money for everything else BUT their primary reason for starting the project in the first place? I think it would occur to them to save some. Besides, wasn't whispering wood off "screen" in the books anyway?Really they made it just for one scene? If that's why they made the show they should've built up Robb's story better. My cousin (an unsullied) has repeatedly told me how he's felt his story isn't going anywhere and he's doomed to fail.
6416	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-26	Really they made it just for one scene? If that's why they made the show they should've built up Robb's story better. My cousin (an unsullied) has repeatedly told me how he's felt his story isn't going anywhere and he's doomed to fail.Well no, but it's one that they were looking forward to the most.From the beginning we<U+0080><U+0099>d always prayed we<U+0080><U+0099>d get to season three at least because, you know, two of our favorite scenes from the entire saga are in season three.Of course. The Scene Which Shall Not Be Named.Benioff: The scene that we cannot mention. I just remember reading the book before we<U+0080><U+0099>d even written the pilot and thinking, <U+0080><U+009C>Oh, my God, we<U+0080><U+0099>ve got to get this. We<U+0080><U+0099>ve got to get this show to happen because if we can make this scene work, it<U+0080><U+0099>s gonna be one of the greatest things ever on television or film.<U+0080><U+009D>from http://insidetv.ew.c...ers-season-2/2/
6417	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-26	They really do need to build him up more and I think he is going to use the slaughter at Harrenhal as a sort of rallying point for his troops and maybe they take a castle or two in the Westerlands?I think that they do need to change the context of Karstarks betrayal though, he has to do something more drastic then just kill two prisoners. Maybe he will do something to seriously threaten Cat or Talisa's life? Robb's actions need to be justified in the viewers eyes.They weren't justified in the books, they shouldn't be on the show.
6418	sati	2013-05-26	I was reading that set report today - it seems like not only they are doing the head swap, but also adding to it? (with head sewn to oxes/direwolves)
6419	silentwanderer	2013-05-26	does anyone else think it would be awesome if they just ended the episode with the music starts to play then crossbows come out the freys burst in and then creditsI think it should end with Arya and The Hound, just as shocked as - hopefully - the rest of us.
6420	trearu	2013-05-26	Since the best element of the wedding is for me the permanent fealing of unease, before the shock, I would really like to see Ramsey sundenly appearing and acting all polite and pleasant. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> I can't imagine a better way to reveal his identity.
					
					
							Edited by trearu, 26 May 2013 - 05:38 PM.
6421	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-05-26	I'm really hoping this scene lives up to the hype I have for it.  Though I don't think it's going to be as epic for the Unsullied as it was for book readers the first time, if there is one thing that they've messed up on the TV show it's IMO Robb.
First season he was one of my favourite characters, the second and the third, they really just turned his story into a boring love story and I'm glad that it's coming to an end.
6422	Stark Revenge	2013-05-26	Less then 2 hours to go! Sadly I won't be able to see it until Tuesday per work travels! ;(
6423	ebevan91	2013-05-26	Less then 2 hours to go! Sadly I won't be able to see it until Tuesday per work travels! ;(Should someone tell him/her?
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 26 May 2013 - 06:21 PM.
6424	Timotheus	2013-05-26	^ I feel so bad for this person
6425	ebevan91	2013-05-26	Wouldn't it suck to be the guy who prepared for a huge party this weekend not knowing there would be no episode?
6426	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-26	Less then 2 hours to go! Sadly I won't be able to see it until Tuesday per work travels! ;(Sorry to have to break this to you..........but Game of Thrones has been delayed a week because of some American public holiday.
6427	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-26	Imagine they ended this episode with the music from episode 3 credits?
6428	ebevan91	2013-05-26	Imagine they ended this episode with the music from episode 3 credits?I posted earlier that they should end it with either a "happy" sounding version of Rains, or something sad like "Winterfell" or "Kill them All"
6429	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-26	Remembering how well they did Ned's death, I am regaining confidence that this moment will be done well too. The music, Joffrey's douchebag pause, Arya's face looking up at the birds...my heart pounds watching it even now, man.
6430	Mordos_Kull	2013-05-26	To be fair, i think silent credits would work best.
6431	Chairman7w	2013-05-26	To be fair, i think silent credits would work best.Gonna have to agree with this.
6432	ebevan91	2013-05-26	That could work as well.
6433	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-26	Maybe a more mellow version of TROC?
6434	Q the Cat	2013-05-26	Less then 2 hours to go! Sadly I won't be able to see it until Tuesday per work travels! ;(An episode 9 Unsullied.  :-)
6435	Dubbs	2013-05-26	^ I feel so bad for this personthis post marks the moment I found out there is no game of thrones tonightit was a sad moment
6436	mystikherb	2013-05-26	Damn, I feel really bad for anyone who didn't find out it wasn't coming on until tonight.  I found out about the break before the season premiered, and I still ached for future me (Especially when I saw what episode was being delayed).I'm getting excited now, though...  I'm reeeeally hoping they do the RW justice.The make-or-break factor for me?  Cat's hysteria.  No matter how epic the scene gets, I think a part of me will die if we don't see Cat claw at her face and break down into laughter as she's killed.  That was by far the most gruesome, shocking, and emotional image the RW left me with, and without it it's just another couple of big deaths in a story that kills off big characters.  With it, though, it's a big message to everyone who hasn't read the books that will say "Hey!  This shit's gonna get dark."
6437	Words of Winter	2013-05-27	To be fair, i think silent credits would work best.The Rains of Castamere by "The Nationals"  would work well IMHO.  Silence would be interesting too.
6438	ebevan91	2013-05-27	The Rains of Castamere by "The Nationals"  would work well IMHO.  Silence would be interesting too.Maybe they just recorded GRRM laughing and will use that in the credits.
6439	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-27	http://25.media.tumb...oey3so1_500.png
					
					
							Edited by Bib Fortuna, 27 May 2013 - 12:22 AM.
6440	mystikherb	2013-05-27	Maybe they just recorded GRRM laughing and will use that in the credits.This seems most likely.
6441	Catherine Storm	2013-05-27	I thought GoT was delayed a week to give us time to catch Season 4 of Arrested Dev. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
6442	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-27	I thought GoT was delayed a week to give us time to catch Season 4 of Arrested Dev. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />That's probably the best explanation for the delay /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> And GOT ends conveniently a couple of months before Breaking Bad.
6443	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-27	I was reading that set report today - it seems like not only they are doing the head swap, but also adding to it? (with head sewn to oxes/direwolves)I think the oxes are just used as a template. They'll probably use CGI to turn them into direwolves post-production.
6444	Words of Winter	2013-05-27	I think the oxes are just used as a template. They'll probably use CGI to turn them into direwolves post-production.I see read plural heads/oxen.  Only one direwolf should be killed.  Nymeria run away!  D&D better not have two.  Grrrrrrrr.
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 27 May 2013 - 02:44 AM.
6445	YuvalTheVal	2013-05-27	I think the song in the credits should be happy lannisters singing Rains of Castamere. preety chilling.
6446	Targaryen Kaiser	2013-05-27	Maybe they just recorded GRRM laughing and will use that in the credits.LOL /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
6447	Conchobar	2013-05-27	I thought GoT was delayed a week to give us time to catch Season 4 of Arrested Dev. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Y'know what? You're right.
6448	sati	2013-05-27	I think the oxes are just used as a template. They'll probably use CGI to turn them into direwolves post-production.Yeah but what is up with the plural form the source used? Also it sounds like heads are also attached to the bodies of the animals, which didn't happen in the book. Maybe they just got the info wrong, shocked what they saw on that set /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6449	mystikherb	2013-05-27	That's probably the best explanation for the delay /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> And GOT ends conveniently a couple of months before Breaking Bad.Less than a week after GOT ends, True Blood season 6 starts.  BB starts as soon as that ends as well.  Throw in a new season of Wilfred amidst all that and I've got an AWESOME couple months muhaha
6450	Bastard Walder	2013-05-27	Sorry to have to break this to you..........but Game of Thrones has been delayed a week because of some American public holiday.'Some American public holiday' is actually a day to remember the men and women who died fighting for the US but it's your right to choose to sound like a prick.
6451	The King Breaker	2013-05-27	Think that would fuck with bookreaders nearly as much! it would fuck with everyone
6452	silentwanderer	2013-05-27	I think the song in the credits should be happy lannisters singing Rains of Castamere. preety chilling.It would be the third time the song is featured in the closing credits after Blackwater, last season, and the Bear and the Maiden Fair, two episodes ago,It sounds like an overkill to me.
					
					
							Edited by silentwanderer, 27 May 2013 - 02:37 PM.
6453	TheDarkOne	2013-05-27	All I know is I can't wait. It was hard having no new episode this week, but the RW will make it all worthwhile this week. I can't wait for Roose to get his awesome moment!
6454	Doctor Steve Brule	2013-05-27	I thought GoT was delayed a week to give us time to catch Season 4 of Arrested Dev. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />yea...watched whole season and it kinda was the ADwD of reboots. So much to come, if they make that movie. But man...they coulda cut a lot. remind you of some books you know?
6455	YuvalTheVal	2013-05-27	Another question- how many time do you think will pass from the moment Catelyn starts getting suspicious until the credits roll? I mean, on one hand, you want to make this scene long, making it more memorable and let it be a big part of the episode. On the other hand you can't stretch it too much, it's about 6 pages in the book, and the shock value lessens if the "strike" is longer, you lose the sense of cutting to the credits with mouths on the floor.
So what do you think? My bet is on 7 minutes.
6456	mystikherb	2013-05-27	Another question- how many time do you think will pass from the moment Catelyn starts getting suspicious until the credits roll? I mean, on one hand, you want to make this scene long, making it more memorable and let it be a big part of the episode. On the other hand you can't stretch it too much, it's about 6 pages in the book, and the shock value lessens if the "strike" is longer, you lose the sense of cutting to the credits with mouths on the floor.So what do you think? My bet is on 7 minutes.My guess is a 3-5 minute scene in the beginning to amp up the whole "Take his gold, take his power," crap, ending with them arriving at the twins, Then I'm going to guess there will be a 5-10 minute scene where Robb presents himself to Walder Frey, Frey gives him crap, Edmure meets his bride, guest rights, and so on to set up the wedding.  I'm thinking the final scene will be the wedding and massacre itself and that it will be within 5 minutes.  It may go on a bit longer than that in some scenes, but I don't see more than 25 minutes devoted to Robb in this episode.  In fact, with Queenscrown, Yunkai, and other various scenes in there, my official guess is that Robb will have 20 minutes and the last scene will be around 5.This is entirely speculation and could EASILY be out my ass wrong, but if I were to try to guess the episode would be as follows.All of Robb, Catelyn, and Arya: 25 minutesAll of Jon Snow, and Bran: 15 minutesAll of Yunkai with Dany: 15 minutesThat's a rough estimate, but that would account for 55 minutes, and I'm going to guess that this episode will run 55-59 minutes.
					
					
							Edited by mystikherb, 27 May 2013 - 04:37 PM.
6457	Bib Fortuna	2013-05-27	We've also got to have a scene where Ramsay reveals himself to Theon (probably the last scene before the RW), and an obligatory KL scene with Tywin's line of "Some wars are won with words not armies,"
6458	silentwanderer	2013-05-27	We've also got to have a scene where Ramsay reveals himself to Theon Actually, I would like Lord Bolton to do the honors. After all, he's the bastard's father.
6459	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-27	We've also got to have a scene where Ramsay reveals himself to Theon (probably the last scene before the RW), and an obligatory KL scene with Tywin's line of "Some wars are won with words not armies,"I could see both of those scenes happening in episode 10. In fact, I think that's both the most likely and most effective option. 'The Rains of Castamere' shouldn't be too cluttered.
6460	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-27	'Some American public holiday' is actually a day to remember the men and women who died fighting for the US but it's your right to choose to sound like a prick.VERY few women.That holiday glorifies war. Surely this series shows what a bad idea that is.
6461	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-27	That is not possible. It was THE scene that made them want to adapt the books. Why would they blow their money for everything else BUT their primary reason for starting the project in the first place? I think it would occur to them to save some. Besides, wasn't whispering wood off "screen" in the books anyway?I know they said that, but the build up has been almost non-existent for RW. Episode 8 should have been almost all set up for the 'heart break'.After completely skipping the battle at the fist (with that teaser at the end of S2), I would not put anything past them. Maybe it will just be Arya and Sandor reacting to what they see and hear.THAT would be the final straw for me.
6462	Bastard Walder	2013-05-27	VERY few women.Probably because women only represent a fraction of the army, and a much smaller fraction of the army's dead.
6463	Granatto	2013-05-27	I think it should end with Arya's "death". That will shock the non readers.
I think the "Ramsay reaveals scene" should happen in episode 10...
6464	Catherine Storm	2013-05-27	I know they said that, but the build up has been almost non-existent for RW. Episode 8 should have been almost all set up for the 'heart break'.After completely skipping the battle at the fist (with that teaser at the end of S2), I would not put anything past them. Maybe it will just be Arya and Sandor reacting to what they see and hear.THAT would be the final straw for me.No, they're obviously doing it to shock non-book readers!! No one knows what's coming.I've been a very good girl by not spoiling it for anyone.
6465	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-27	Probably because women only represent a fraction of the army, and a much smaller fraction of the army's dead.Sure, but saying "men and women" suggests an approximately equal sacrifice. Which is not at all accurate.
6466	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-27	No, they're obviously doing it to shock non-book readers!!No one knows what's coming.I've been a very good girl by not spoiling it for anyone./wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I have a friend who is a big fan, and she is in for a terrible surprise. Actually, I am not sure who her favourite characters are, besides Dany.
6467	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-27	Sure, but saying "men and women" suggests an approximately equal sacrifice. Which is not at all accurate.No it doesn't. It suggests exactly what it says; there is a percentage of both men and women. If I say I gave someone a sack of apples and oranges, where is there implication in that statement that I gave them half apples and half oranges? Nowhere. I'm also not really sure how taking time to acknowledge casualties of war glorifies war itself. But alright then.
					
					
							Edited by bobbybuilderton, 27 May 2013 - 08:47 PM.
6468	zmflavius	2013-05-27	Sure, but saying "men and women" suggests an approximately equal sacrifice. Which is not at all accurate.Christ, pedantic much?
6469	Stark Revenge	2013-05-27	An episode 9 Unsullied.  :-)Haha I'm not unsullied, just got my dates mixed up.
6470	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-27	'Some American public holiday' is actually a day to remember the men and women who died fighting for the US but it's your right to choose to sound like a prick.What the fuck, I'm not from America and genuinely didn't know what holiday it was. It isn't the rest of the world's fault, nor is it their responsibility to familiarize themselves with every American fucking holiday. But hey, you have the right to sound like a butt-hurt asshole.
6471	Bastard Walder	2013-05-27	What the fuck, I'm not from America and genuinely didn't know what holiday it was. It isn't the rest of the world's fault, nor is it their responsibility to familiarize themselves with every American fucking holiday. But hey, you have the right to sound like a butt-hurt asshole.You could bother to find out before saying shit like 'they moved back my show because of their stupid American holiday'.
6472	BaseBornBastard	2013-05-27	You could bother to find out before saying shit like 'they moved back my show because of their stupid American holiday'.Wow quite an interesting paraphrase, there. Perhaps you should read my original post again and see if I used the words "my show" or "stupid." In fact, I wasn't even complaining I was merely informing somebody that the show was skipping a week. Any disrespect you perceive from reading my post has clearly been concocted in your own head. Oh and by the way, how arrogant of you to expect me to bother researching what American holiday it was before posting, especially considering that which particular holiday it was is completely irrelevant anyway.
6473	ImTHATGuy	2013-05-27	I haven't seen the episode but I read this book(ASOS), and when Robb broke his promise, I figured something would happen to him. Death, Torture, Castration....well that could be considered death to most males....it would not make me sad as whatever happens would be his own undoing...
But then, they treated with the freys at the Twins. Treating means you are to not come under any harm while you are under their roof. Its a BIG NO NO to break the rules of the Treat.  The Freys did so. That pissed me off. Not only did they treat with them, but then kill them after humbling Robb repeatedly for what he did. Even after agreeing that Edmure's marriage to Roslin would wipe it all clean. That is just down right loathing. Hope they die...all of them. i know at the end of the book at least two of the freys get whats coming to them...
6474	Nezzer	2013-05-27	You could bother to find out before saying shit like 'they moved back my show because of their stupid American holiday'.From what I've heard, this holiday is more about barbecue than fallen soldiers /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
6475	ebevan91	2013-05-27	From what I've heard, this holiday is more about barbecue than fallen soldiers /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />I saw a facebook status like that earlier."While all of you are out getting drunk and eating unhealthy food, I'm going to be visiting the graves of fallen soldiers"
6476	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-27	From what I've heard, this holiday is more about barbecue than fallen soldiers /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />Well, what people do during a holiday is not necessarily representative of what the holiday was initially supposed to be about. Sorta like Christmas.
6477	Talbot	2013-05-27	All I'm hoping for now is an American flag to slow stretch across the screen after the Red Wedding, finalized by an eagle soaring in the foreground.
Make it happen D&D
6478	bobbybuilderton	2013-05-27	All I'm hoping for now is an American flag to slow stretch across the screen after the Red Wedding, finalized by an eagle soaring in the foreground.Make it happen D&DPerhaps accompanied by a rousing rendition of America, Fuck Yeah
6479	Talbot	2013-05-27	Perhaps accompanied by a rousing rendition of America, Fuck YeahIt can be covered by The National. Might as well.
6480	KhalAllen	2013-05-27	Maybe GoT could be produced in another country?...Oh wait...there aren't production companies outside of the US that could handle the production/promotion of this magnitude.  Could BBC have pulled this series off?  Not on this level.
But on a lighter note, I think the underlying reason might be HBO saw that the Memorial Day episode of last year, "Blackwater", only had 3.38 Million viewers in the US, compared to significantly higher viewer numbers for other episodes.  It was the least-watched episode of Season 2.  
While I'd rather of had my Red Wedding yesterday, I understand the shrewd move on HBO's part.  After all, hasn't this season flown by quickly enough?
6481	Catherine Storm	2013-05-27	Hmm, Episode 10 will fall on some old Queen's birthday here in Australia but that won't stop me from watching.
6482	Fuse Prime	2013-05-28	I mean, sure HBO could have shown it this week.  It kind of sucks that they didn't, but ratings are the only thing a TV station cares about.  Yeah, they're showing their original movie this week, but it's a lot easier to cycle a movie than a specific episode of a particular show on their dais.  HBO could have just started GoT a couple of weeks earlier, and not have the one week layoff, but I guess they needed extra time for editing and what not.  Also, since America is the largest market, I think it was wise for HBO to not show it this week since you would have a large portion of the population who hasn't seen the twist at the end, and people would talk about it, text their friends, and spoil it altogether.  I know people who haven't even read the book who try to spoil it for others because they read it on a message board etc.
And in defense of the international audience on this forum, I understand if you don't know what the holiday is.  I'm sure it's not like it's advertised in your market like "GoT will have one week off because of Memorial Day".  We do have a lot of useless holidays here, or holidays who's meaning get warped.  I don't know any of your holidays, and I wouldn't expect you all to know ours.
6483	Q the Cat	2013-05-28	Haha I'm not unsullied, just got my dates mixed up.Well, at least you didn't have a big party planned or something.
6484	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-28	I mean, sure HBO could have shown it this week.  It kind of sucks that they didn't, but ratings are the only thing a TV station cares about. Does HBO have ads/commercials? If not, then ratings are effectively irrelevant for them. It's all just about subscribers. It's understandable that they want to make sure they create a huge internet firestorm over the RW which ought to lead to even more subscribers next year.
6485	MMOWarrior	2013-05-28	Sure, but saying "men and women" suggests an approximately equal sacrifice. Which is not at all accurate.Dead = Deadseems like a pretty equal sacrifice to me...Women have been killed in battle since the forming of this nation.. most without any recognition of even being a part of war.. not sure your reason to go out of your way to belittle the service of Women to our nation.. but it's not appreciated..
6486	Khal-a-bunga	2013-05-28	The episode was delayed for a number of reasons. Memorial Day is one of them, sure, but they also had to air Behind the Candelabra before the end of this month, or it wouldn't qualify for the awards season this coming year. And with talent like Steven Soderbergh, Michael Douglas, Matt Damon, Dank Akroyd, Scott Bakula and Rob Lowe you air the movie during your marquee time (which happens to be Sundays on 9:00 P.M. on HBO). Besides, they like torturing us with the added anticipation.
6487	Conchobar	2013-05-28	Hmm, Episode 10 will fall on some old Queen's birthday here in Australia but that won't stop me from watching.Is the Queen even that important over in Aussie anymore?
6488	Catherine Storm	2013-05-28	Is the Queen even that important over in Aussie anymore?YES! We get a day off work because of her! We love her!!...
6489	Conchobar	2013-05-28	YES! We get a day off work because of her! We love her!!...Haha! Well we don't love her in Ireland! I can tell ye that!
6490	aFeastForDragons	2013-05-28	<U+0082>1 to watch an episode online on their official site. They would never have to worry about TV ratings or budget restrictions again.
6491	ExBruinsFan	2013-05-28	Dead = Deadseems like a pretty equal sacrifice to me...Women have been killed in battle since the forming of this nation.. most without any recognition of even being a part of war.. not sure your reason to go out of your way to belittle the service of Women to our nation.. but it's not appreciated..If you want to acknowledge everyone (and there is nothing wrong with that), then use the term 'service people' or 'military personel'. Saying "men and women" suggests equivalent numbers. Which is what feminists want. Revisionist history.
					
					
							Edited by ExBruinsFan, 28 May 2013 - 07:50 AM.
6492	ShigellaSand	2013-05-28	If you want to acknowledge everyone (and there is nothing wrong with that), then use the term 'service people' or 'military personel'. Saying "men and women" suggests equivalent numbers. Which is what feminists want. Revisionist history.First, saying "men and women" implies that there are both men and women. It says nothing about the respective numbers.Second, feminists want equal rights and opportunities for men and women. Period. Some may want other things as well, but what you said is like claiming Christians hate gays, or men are rapists.
6493	The Real Summer Islander	2013-05-12	i read somewhere that hbo is going to take a week break between episode 8 and 9 because of memorial day. anybody know anything about this? i hope its not true..
6494	Ran	2013-05-13	It is true. Episode 9 will air on June 2nd.
