nick	date	comment
1	Kat	2011-04-29	Self-explanatory, use your own scale values as you wish.
Previous polls can be found in their respective episode forums.
Please don't vote until after you've seen the episode!
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 01 May 2011 - 05:07 PM.
2	Lord Godric	2011-05-01	I gave it an 8.  I think I was expecting it to be a little better since they finally got to King's Landing so I was slightly disappointed.  But still, very, very good.
3	Starkess	2011-05-01	It was okay, I thought it was the weakest yet. Had really great individual scenes, but didn't feel like anything happened.
4	Zulithe	2011-05-01	I thought it was about on-par with last week's episode. There were some great character moments, just not a lot of progression. Totally dug it though. Next week's episode looks a little... shall I say, chunkier?
5	awesome possum	2011-05-01	8
The plot was stagnant as the episode focused on characters, but I don't have a problem with it.  It was entertaining, and I understand the need to establish the characters further.  Especially with the addition of several others.  
I really liked Robert's scene.  And Syrio Forel was perfect!
6	Jojen	2011-05-01	I'd give it a 7. Even though there wasn't much plot progression, there was a nice degree of character development and more great subtle expressions from Sean Bean, especially while watching Syrio and Arya.
7	Ran	2011-05-01	Tough one for me. I'd say 7.5/8, but as I tend to have a tendency to round up in favor the show, I decided this time I'd just put it as a 7. I've more detailed thoughts, plus some notes about changes an added scenes, here.
8	Recentiy03	2011-05-01	Tonight's episode was awesome...easily my favorite of the season. The show keeps getting better as they introduce more characters. Their writers are really good...the dialogue is fresh but they're keeping it interesting with a lot of subtle references to events for people who've read the books. I loved the Jaime-Ned scene in front of the Iron Throne. It was the best of the episode, if not the season...but the Robert-Lancel-Jaime-Selmy* scene was epic...the old Nan scene was great...really the only scene that was a bit off a letdown was the last scene with Syrio, but the fading shot of Ned redeemed it. The first few episodes were good, but they showed their teeth tonight with a bit of grit.
					
					
							Edited by Recentiy03, 01 May 2011 - 10:12 PM.
9	tybeechris	2011-05-01	I thought it was great. They moved the plot along but also managed to work in enough of the background history that had been lacking and lay the groundwork for future actions by the main characters. 
I really liked the Jamie scenes. He "ain't no angel" but sure does seem like a lot of people like Ned and Robert were more than willing to profit from his dirty work. 
The hour goes by way too fast.
10	Wolfheart	2011-05-01	I would give it a 7 because of the lack of the direwolves. But I gave it a 8 because the acting was just great. WHERES GHOST and SUMMER. Heck even Greywind!
11	Brude	2011-05-01	For me this was the best episode yet (and I thought last weeks was better than the first).  I gave it an 9/10.
I was very impressed with all of the new scenes, mainly Cersei with Joff and best of all Robert with his two knights.  Those worked really well, as did Syrio's scene with Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Brude, 01 May 2011 - 11:03 PM.
12	Xenophon	2011-05-01	Gave it an 8.  To me, it was about the same as episode 2.  Episode 1 still had the most drama, and felt most like a mini-story, but these were more engrossing and had better character development (and they didn't have the ghastly Dothraki wedding or soft-core porn feel, which were minuses in my book). 
So I'm at 7/8/8 for the season.  I'd be interesting in knowing how other people ranked the other episodes too.
13	Carldog	2011-05-01	6.5... rounded up to 7 on the thread.
This episode seemed a bit clustered with a lot of back and forth, but also had some great character scenes. Not as good as last week but like a I've stated before; it's great to see AGoT on my TV screen... Ill take what I can get.
14	Carldog	2011-05-01	6.5... rounded up to 7 on the thread.
This episode seemed a bit clustered with a lot of back and forth, but also had some great character scenes. Not as good as last week but like a I've stated before; it's great to see AGoT on my TV screen... Ill take what I can get.
15	Timbits	2011-05-01	The first two episodes were very fast pace. There was a great deal of action and sex which resulted in a lack of character development. This episode however blew me away by how good it was. Finally it is focusing on characters and storyline. They are having conversations instead of just spitting out important lines from the books. The dialog seems more natural and the acting was stronger. Great performances from: Tyrion, Jon, Cersei and Arya. I feel like they bring something to their character, like their own point of view of them. And it's extremely interesting to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Timbits, 01 May 2011 - 11:54 PM.
16	emmank	2011-05-01	It seems like this one deviated the most from the books (lots of added scenes), but I also think it was my favorite so far. It felt as if they spent a little longer focusing on each character, and I think I like that approach. Maybe the scenes themselves were just more meaningful. I don't know; I'm not a TV critic, but I liked it.
17	Seerow	2011-05-01	I gave it a 9, compared to the 7s I gave the last two episodes. This one I felt is the best I've seen so far. After the blistering pace of the last couple of episodes, it was nice to have an episode where things toned back and we finally got some of the exposition and character development that had been missing for new comers to the show. I like how they managed to hit most of the key plot points, even if a few characters were changed around, and scenes were changed to do it within the bounds of the show. Basically with this episode I felt like I got everything I would have wanted out of it, where the last two definitely felt more rushed to me. The one thing that did bug me was we didn't see a confrontation between Ned and Robert, but I guess that's coming.
					
					
							Edited by Seerow, 02 May 2011 - 12:00 AM.
18	Hazl	2011-05-02	My favorite so far! Loved the Ned/Jaime, Robert/Barristan/Jaime, Cersei/Joffrey, Arya/Syrio, Tyrion/Yoren/Benjen and Daenerys/Viserys/Jorah scenes... Loved just about everything. The episode furthest removed from the book so far, but nothing of the new stuff felt misplaced at all.
Favorite moments: Tyrion casually pissing off the Wall, Dothraki rider saying "you... walk" and, well, Syrio.
19	Daenerys	2011-05-02	Wow, still really missing those direwolves, but I have to round his one up to a 9, it's my favorite episode so far and each has been better than the previous, a great trend. Epi 1+2 were pretty good but this is the first one that really started feeling epic to me and not rushed. It also the first one where I didn't feel "cheated", like it was too short, a fully satisfying hour with a lot of meat to chew on.
Wasn't liking Daenerys and the whole Dothraki storyline previously, but it's finally starting to feel important and interesting instead of like a tacked-on side plot on a budget. Dany and Jorah were great, as was seeing Viserys get his neck wrapped with a Dothraki whip. Still have no idea why she was wandering aimlessly in the trees, but it was well done, firmly showing who now holds the power to Viserys.
Littlefinger and Varys were pitch perfect, and Tyrion, Jaime, Ned, and Robert continue to impress. I even liked the scene wih Cersei and Joffrey, although I don't know that it was strictly necessary. The only minus is Sansa, granted she hasn't had a chance to show much yet, but she feels a bit hollow.
I still don't like the palm tree exterior of King's Landing, but the throne room looked better than I expected it to. Loved the top of the Wall and Castle Black looked exactly how I pictured it: a dingy outpost at the edge of the world where the wind and snow whistle through cracked doors and walls.
And the scene wih Arya and Syrio...wow, best scene yet in the whole series IMO. I was blown away by it, Syrio's accent seemed a little odd at first but he was mysterious and funny and just generally awesome, and I loved Ned's reaction at the end. No, she's not going to be marrying a prince and having babies anytime soon, Ned.
If every episode is like this, I'll be very, very happy.
20	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-02	I'd rate it at about 7/10. Lots of great individual scenes, but as a whole the episode felt kinda cramped. I liked most of the new scenes, especially Tyrion's discussion with Yoren and Benjen and also Ser Jorah and Rakharo. However, other parts felt a little rushed. The whole part with Littlefinger, Cat, Ned and the dagger I thought moved too quickly and might have benefitted if put later in the episode rather than near the beginning. Also, Jon Snow's attitude change--near the end he's helping Grenn adn Pyp--also seemed to happen too fast. I wish they had kept more of the dialogue from Donal Noye that Tyrion uses--it felt a little rushed and it didn't seem like Jon took any of his words to heart.
The parts with Arya were great, both the Water Dancing and her interaction with Ned about Needle. I'm glad they mentioned Mycah several times in the episode and didn't just disregard his death since it happened in teh last episode. So overall it was solid with a lot of great scenes but kind of disjointed in areas. I do think this episode will probably be confusing for non-readers with all the backstory introduced.
21	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-02	4
This episode was an actionless onslaught of two-person extended dialogue scenes.  Although a lot of important plot points were advanced, and characters introduced, there wasn't a lot of creativity with the directing, or anything to keep you engaged beyond the topic at hand.  I respect that they're trying to stay close to the book, but a smart director/producer would have the characters actually doing something whilst conversing.  The highlight was the Syrio scene; it was a great scene because he and Arya were doing something besides talking to one another.  This episode gives a lot of ammunition to critics who pan that the show is just an unfolding of superfluous exposition.
After how awesome last week's episode was, I can say I was honestly disappointed with this episode, and felt as close to "bored" as I have been thus far.
22	Renly Baratheon	2011-05-02	I gave it an 8 with the two previous episodes getting 7's. No action yes but oodles of character development.We know more of Jamie Tyrion Arya Dany and Drogo and are now more invested in them. That gives things that happen later more emotional impact. Syrio/Arya was just awesome and I felt the emotional impact of the parting of Ned and Cat knowing it was the last time they would see each other
23	reiver	2011-05-02	Best yet imo. I may not have liked a lot of the deviations from the book but there were some excellent scenes that were allowed to last longer than previously and even back to back scenes involvng the same character. Less of the skipping around between stories made the show feel more settled and less like a sugar high kid with a remote.
24	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	7.
Despite it being my favorite episode so far, it deviates the most from the books (but I LOVE the added scenes) and left me wondering why little things were not mentioned or clarified, mostly, peoples names. I want non-readers to love this show so we get more seasons, and this episode seemed confusing.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 02 May 2011 - 08:09 AM.
25	Tywin	2011-05-02	*Implied miniscule, light spoilers here... watch out*Good episode, but the scene with Viserys was the weak point for me. Joffrey's actor redeemed himself for me in the scene with Cersei though.For some reason Harry Lloyd just doesn't cut it for me as Viserys. I don't see how Daenerys could have been terrified of the guy all this time. Fair enough, I as the audience don't have to find him frightening but it seemed like a key moment to really push the whole thing of Dany coming into her own. Fair enough there's the pre-conversation with Mormont to provide a sense of this but in the book it shows that Dany pushes Viserys away when he shouts at her.I think the scene could have been cut better, more close ups on Viserys face or something and better intonation in Lloyds lines - he's meant to be mad, but his anger seems... laughable. As is, he seems like a pantomine baddy when he should in my eyes provide more solid basis for audiences to understand what Dany has graduated from. He was alright in the first episode granted.The council scene where Ned is being told how much money the treasury is in debt... Iffy, lines came out a bit too quickly between Ned and Littlefinger. Small issue though.Dany seems to just accept her pregnancy like  Oh, I am pregnant... Oh well... That's life eh? and she seems to have gotten 'friendly' with Drogo a bit too easily for my liking.Bran in my mind could have been made to look more sick and frail, perhaps some makeup to make him look pale, sweaty etc - on the edge of death. The lack of dream exposition for the character may weaken his impact in the story in my view - since he's a very mystical character later on.Rest of the episode was good. I think Kit is a good fit Jon Snow.Best bits:Syrio/Arya sparring. Syrio's actor is spot on in terms of his mannerisms and way of speaking, though in my mind he's a slap head.Tyrion banter is always good. I chuckled when we saw him pissing off the edge of the world.6.5/10Edit:I rewatched the scene with Viserys in again... I think maybe I have been a bit unkind to Harry Lloyd. Though I still think it could have been shot better. At least after Ned choked Littlefinger a bit, we got Littlefinger's quiet little retort as he straightened himself up.I think some kind of close up on Viserys' face to show the growing impatience he's being made to suppress would have been appropriate - as a sort of equivalent. It would certainly make what's coming have more impact.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin, 02 May 2011 - 09:49 AM.
26	Abaddon	2011-05-02	I gave it a 6.  (For comparison, I gave 1 an 8 and 2 a 9).  Might be a little over-harsh and I might adjust it upwards one on rewatch, but it just didn't do it for me this week.
I should add I liked the Dothraki arc for the first time, and I liked the Wall.  Despite some nice high points the Kings Landing stuff just felt disjointed and off although without watching it again I can't really say why.
27	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	I liked that the lowered the pace as that was needed after the high pacing of the first two. Now they instead focus on letting the characters sink in, plus establish the Wall and King's Landing. More character focused and less focused on driving on the plot is very much in line with a lot of passages in the books. Then again I'm usually a person who just sighs at people who say "nothing happened".
I liked this as much as the other two, but for a bit different reasons.
28	KhalHodor	2011-05-02	I have to vote "4".
Love the series so far.  So many great actors in great roles: Jaime, Arya, Ned, Jon, Viserys, Tyrion, Cersei, Joffrey,Robert, and Bran are pitch-perfect and a joy to watch.  These people really know their characters!  I'm thoroughly impressed.
Enter Renly, Varys, and Littlefinger.  What happened?!?!  These guys are zombies.  Phoning it in all the way.  Who's decision was it to have Renly and Yoren switch personalities?  The small council scene was painful to watch.  I was embarrassed for the actors.
These three characters add tremendous flavor and interest to the books.  What a shame they are not given the same treatment in the series.
A true disappointment.  I am praying that this is fixed...especially Littlefinger!
KH
29	Greywolf2375	2011-05-02	I liked it a lot - gave it an 8.  I liked that fact that there wasn't "action" - this was one of the crossroad episodes that gets everyone in place and creates the foundation of what is to happen.  My biggest complaint to this point has been the inconsistent ID'ing of people in various scenes.
30	TheEvilKing	2011-05-02	Loved it from start to finish. Best episode yet by a mile. 10.
31	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I have to vote "4".Love the series so far.  So many great actors in great roles: Jaime, Arya, Ned, Jon, Viserys, Tyrion, Cersei, Joffrey,Robert, and Bran are pitch-perfect and a joy to watch.  These people really know their characters!  I'm thoroughly impressed.Enter Renly, Varys, and Littlefinger.  What happened?!?!  These guys are zombies.  Phoning it in all the way.  Who's decision was it to have Renly and Yoren switch personalities?  The small council scene was painful to watch.  I was embarrassed for the actors.These three characters add tremendous flavor and interest to the books.  What a shame they are not given the same treatment in the series.A true disappointment.  I am praying that this is fixed...especially Littlefinger!KHI agree that the small council was pretty painful. Littlefinger and Eddard's dialogue about the tournament funds seemed very, very forced. But I have a ton of faith that the Littlefinger actor (name escapes me currently) has what it takes. Especially after seeing him later in the episode.I like Renly and Varys' casting though, and I am sure Renly will get more time to shine.
32	Songlian	2011-05-02	Sticking with 7 for this one as well.  I thought it was a mixture of great scenes and not so great scenes. I generally tend to agree with what Ran wrote in his analysis.
33	Fantasma	2011-05-02	To me, it was clearly the best of the season so far. Great acting by some of the most important characters. I'm gonna give it 9/10.
34	Davieboy	2011-05-02	I vote 7. 
Wasn't totally happy with the first few minutes, did not think the introduction to the Council worked well. No sense of Renly's character for a start. Littlefinger had chances to shine later. 
Didn't much care for the Cersei/Joffrey scene, but Jaime is spot-on for me. Liked all the talk of the old King and his crazy doings, and the mention of Ser Simon Toyne was a real bonus.
Thought the goodbye scene between Cat & Ned worked well, very poignant. Arya is just a total delight for me, as are Jon, Tyrion, Robert, Sir Barristan, Benjen, Joren. 
The Dothraki scenes worked well in this ep - less time on screen, but quality time. Slightly disappointed by The Old Bear (was this raven around?), but he hasn't had much time yet. Jorah is flying the family flag higher for now... 
Syrio - perfecto! And Jon's ascent of the Wall was pretty epic.
Of course every ep gets a 10 by any other standard, but so far it's 9-9-7. Difficult to drag myself back into reality at the end of the episode... why can't it just keep going?
35	Maltaran	2011-05-02	I gave it a 9, but there seemed to me to be a lot of stuff which would fly over the heads of non-readers - I could watch it and say "yes, it's that bit, and oh, we saw that scene in Jaime's memory in SoS, and they mentioned Dunk", but non-readers could well be confused.
36	Kalbear	2011-05-02	I gave it a 7. While I dearly loved Arya's scenes - and there were some of her very best - the show itself felt really disjointed and oddly edited to the point where it distracted me. Why is Dany getting off a horse? Why is Robert sitting in some random room talking to Kingsguard and just hanging out? We need to spend a minute looking at Jon walk through the Castle Black to get to..an elevator? So much exposition, not enough dialogue.
I liked what they were trying to do - the warstory as exposition and backstory is really awesome in that it captures the feel, keeps the budget down and gives us the always good unreliable narrator. But in this case it felt so out of place. Why are we just hanging out with Selmy and Jaime? Why is Robert even in this room? Guh.
So many good things - Arya, Arya, Arya, Cersei and Joff, Jaime's war, Jaime and Ned (and Ned's brilliant summation of Jaime: serving when service was safe!) but a lot was just so oddly blocked that it didn't hit as well as the prior ep did.
37	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	I liked what they were trying to do - the warstory as exposition and backstory is really awesome in that it captures the feel, keeps the budget down and gives us the always good unreliable narrator. But in this case it felt so out of place. Why are we just hanging out with Selmy and Jaime? Why is Robert even in this room? Guh.What's odd with him being in his bedchamber? Seems like the most natural place to get away from everything, save leaving the castle. Short way to the bed when you've gotten too drunk as well.
38	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-02	I gave it a 7. While I dearly loved Arya's scenes - and there were some of her very best - the show itself felt really disjointed and oddly edited to the point where it distracted me. Why is Dany getting off a horse? Why is Robert sitting in some random room talking to Kingsguard and just hanging out? We need to spend a minute looking at Jon walk through the Castle Black to get to..an elevator? So much exposition, not enough dialogue.I liked what they were trying to do - the warstory as exposition and backstory is really awesome in that it captures the feel, keeps the budget down and gives us the always good unreliable narrator. But in this case it felt so out of place. Why are we just hanging out with Selmy and Jaime? Why is Robert even in this room? Guh.So many good things - Arya, Arya, Arya, Cersei and Joff, Jaime's war, Jaime and Ned (and Ned's brilliant summation of Jaime: serving when service was safe!) but a lot was just so oddly blocked that it didn't hit as well as the prior ep did.I actually thought it was better than last week's episode, especially as it pertains to editing, so I bumped it up to an 8 from 7 last week. So I have 8/7/8 so far.I agree, I thought Robert's battle stories scene was both awkward and brilliant.  It did some good things, but why is Robert just sitting around drinking, by himself, and talking to Berristan Selmy?  And why would he call Jaimie in and belittle him so much?  They could have been riding in the woods hunting or something.  Maybe that would have been too expensive, but they way they set it up was very awkward.I also thought Dany stopping the whole 'horde' was not executed properly.  Why did she stop everybody? (not the reason from the books, the show gives no explanation whatsoever for this impulse).The council was very underwhelming, to say the least, and I thought Littlefinger was a bit of a disappointment.  He was so monotone with his delivery, it just didn't mesh with me.  I understand he was trying to be dry, but this didn't seem dry to me, it seemed like it was lacking in feeling.I think those things could have been done better, but I think overall the episode was better than last week.  Old Nan's scene was pretty awesome, I thought.
39	Hyper	2011-05-02	My take... The weakest episode so far, but I still liked it. Mostly setup and character introductions. I wish they would have cut out the long Robert/Ser Barristan/Jamie scene and spent the time elsewhere.My ratings so far:"Winter is Coming" - 8"The Kingsroad" - 9"Lord Snow" - 7
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 May 2011 - 06:38 PM.
40	Dru	2011-05-02	I gave it a 10. Loved the added scenes and the character development was great. Although lack of wolves makes me grumble but not enough to demote a point.
41	KhalHodor	2011-05-02	Old Nan's scene was pretty awesome, I thought.Agree.  Those lines are right from the book and are among my favorites.  The actor really nailed it.  Well done, whoever you are.
42	Whitering	2011-05-03	I voted 8 and it had nearly all to do with Arya and Tyrion. The actors are fantastic. I am a big Sean Bean fan and the small council guys all seem well suited the their roles. Varys is just the right amount of oily heh
There is a show I watch called Make It or Break It. I Tivo every episode and skip large parts of it, this hour long show becomes a 15 minute episode the way I watch it. I filter out all the characters I don't like and all the teenage angsty crap.
I noticed I skipped right over all the Dany stuff this episode. I certainly don't do that when I read.
All in all pretty good, I hope to see more of Arya over the coming episodes.
Edit, an oh ya, I agree about Old Nan, her 20 seconds there made the White Walkers way more foreboding and scary, in way less time than the intro to episode 1 did in a much longer time.
					
					
							Edited by Whitering, 03 May 2011 - 02:10 AM.
43	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	My take... The weakest episode so far, but I still liked it. Mostly setup and character introductions. I wish they would have cut out the long Robert/Ser Barristan/Jamie scene and spent the time elsewhere.This reminds me of how James Hibberd's episode 3 recap on EW starts. The author says he liked this the least of the 6 episodes he saw and his friend (that's watching on TV) said it was his favorite this far. Both gave the same argument why, "there's tons of character development".I'm the kind of person his friend is and I thought the scene you wanted to take out was one of the best scenes this far, all categories. I think the strengths of the book series do not lie with the plot (although it's fantastic) but rather with the characters and scenes like that are what brings the show closer to what the book can do in that regard. I. my opinion of course.Just fun to see how greatly opinions can differ while still liking it. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
44	kuroishi	2011-05-03	I'm firmly on the "best episode yet" side of the discussion. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I liked that they spent more time with a few characters in order to flesh them out and let some others a bit on the side. If they continue in this direction, fleshing out different characters in each episode, I could see it working very well as a series.
45	Horus Ex Machina	2011-05-03	Easily my favorite episode of the season.  I felt like we were finally finished being introduced to the characters and finally beginning each of the character arcs.  I had alot of fun watching this one.
46	Horus Ex Machina	2011-05-03	Easily my favorite episode of the season.  I felt like we were finally finished being introduced to the characters and finally beginning each of the character arcs.  I had alot of fun watching this one.
47	valacirca	2011-05-03	I gave this a 6 after giving the first episode an 8 and the second episode a 9. So suffice to say, I'm not a fan of this one. I felt that they took a few too many liberties with the story compared to the book that the differences felt jarring as opposed to the subtle way it was handled in the first two episodes. 
I was especially not that keen on how they rearranged Cat/Ned's arrival at King's Landing and how they met and everything related to that. Lots of iffy changes with the events at The Wall as well. Tyrion had quite some good lines and moments in the part of the book that this episode covered, but I didn't feel like he shined in the same way here.
Also, I was extremely disappointed with the portrayal of Littlefinger, which felt incredibly flat and not remotely as colorful and witty as I imagined him to be.
Loved all of the scenes with Arya and that scene with Robert was superb as well. And that "oh shit, my baby girl is going to battle" look that Ned had at the end of the episode after he started amused... that was perfect.
48	Eponine	2011-05-03	4. I did the opposite of the hardcore fan of the books for whom the show will never be good enough because it won't be exactly like the books. All the enjoyment that I got out of this episode is because of the books - I can't resist the chance to see scenes reenacted, some of them quite well. However, as a TV show, I feel that it's way below HBO's best work and if I wasn't a fan of the books and the board, but were coming to the show unfamiliar with the story, after this episode, I'd be thinking "this really isn't for me".
49	Kalbear	2011-05-03	What's odd with him being in his bedchamber? Seems like the most natural place to get away from everything, save leaving the castle. Short way to the bed when you've gotten too drunk as well.Was that his bedchamber? I had no idea. It just seemed odd. I don't know why Robert's there, I don't know why anyone else is there, why is he just hanging out, etc. They did that a couple times this ep - with Dany getting off her horse because in the next scene she needs to be in an open area, and with Robert hanging out in a room because he needs to be talking to just his KG.It struck me as odd, and I noticed it - and that is probably the worst crime, being noticed.
50	thistlepong	2011-05-03	I'm relatively new to both the books and the forum.  This episode diverged from the source material more than the previous two, but I think the changes were effective and acceptable.  My wife, who has no experience with the story, really liked this one where she struggled with 01 and 02.  I found it entertaining enough to warrant an 8.
51	madking	2011-05-03	Saw it last night and I loved it! Great shots of castle black and life at the wall, we see more of kings landing, and finally meet littlefinger and varys. The last scene with arya and syrio training was just the icing on the cake. I give the first ep a 6 the second a 7 and this one an 8
52	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-03	Easily my favorite episode of the season.  I felt like we were finally finished being introduced to the characters and finally beginning each of the character arcs.  I had alot of fun watching this one.Agreed. I think this was the best. At least now they spent more than a few seconds at each scene, where in the previous episodes everything was too rushed. Now they took some time to develop the characters, spend some time on quality dialogue and there were some very good scenes, specially Old Nan´s scene (IMHO the best scene of the episode) and Syrio Forel. It was a character development episode, and those are my favorites.I mean, just look how much time they spent on the scene the assassin tries to kill Bran: there should be more tension and more time developed to it. In episode 3 they gave some scenes its proper time (like Tyrion talk with Mormont, Old Nan, Ned talking with Arya, King Robert scene.The aditional scenes dont bother me as much. For example, in the books we get to know much about Robert through Ned´s memories, yet they arent in the show. An aditional scene to show him how bad ass he was/is looks proper to me.I just wished they had added a flashback scene to the end, where Ned looks Arya and starts to hear battle sounds. Just wish he could remember something awesome.
53	Sancho	2011-05-03	I have to disagree with most posters in that I am beginning to fear that the show is being bungled. As much as I love George R.R. Martin's books, at this point it is not even close to truly great TV like Madmen and Breaking Bad.
This episode once again felt like a montage of short scenes depicting important moments and overloaded with expository dialogue. Character "development" consists of discrete "snapshot" scenes where a character suddenly changes from one scene to the next. For example, in one scene Jon Snow beats up on the other Watch recruits and is generally hated. In the next, Tyrion lectures Jon and in the following one Jon is already giving pointers to the other recruits. It's even worse for Danny who's relationship with Drogo and the Dothraki evolves in a choppy and unnatural manner. The reason for this is that we are not given any breather scenes to immerse us into the lives of the characters. We are told that characters evolve and are even given a reason as to why and how, but it just doesn't feel right. We simply have no time to let it sink in. On top of it, the editing in this episode was atrocious as the story jumped from place to place every few minutes. If at least we could spend a consecutive twenty minutes with Jon or with Dany or with Cat, we might have more time to empathize with them. 
These have been problems in large parts of earlier episodes as well, but I kept hoping that once the initial character introductions were done with, the show would settle into a better narrative pace. With this third episode, I am starting to fear that the show's writers and directors are just not able to handle the huge numbers of characters and locations that the story needs to keep track of. The frustrating part is that some scenes were truly impressive and demonstrated the potential for greatness that this show could achieve. But I fear that maybe 10 episodes per book is simply not enough. In order for the viewer to care about the various plot twists, he/she must first care for the characters and I am not sure that a non-fan of the book will at this point. That being said, I continue to look forward to seeing a great story play out on screen, and am crossing my fingers that things will fall into place. I would hate to see the show canceled after the second season. 
Conclusion: 5/10 for this week's entry
54	Mistral	2011-05-03	I gave this one a 9, and it is definitely my favourite so far. Very interesting how it seems to be polarising folk.
I found this one a delight from start to finish; it felt meaty and flavoursome and 'done' in a way that the first two weren't. They seemed choppy and a little awkward to me - lots of nice ingredients thrown into a pot of water but not yet cooked enough to eat. In episode 3 the stew has thickened and the flavours are starting to mingle, and it is clear now that this is going to be delicious. End of dodgy metaphor  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> 
All of the actors seemed more comfortable in their roles, I thought. Tyrion was pitch-perfect, where the previous week I found him a little grating, and Jon's previously immobile face hinted at the promise of expressions to come. Cersei is really growing on me. Ned and Arya went from great to amazing - I could really feel how out of place Ned was as soon as he arrived in King's Landing. Varys was good, and I liked Gillen's performance as Littlefinger.
Standout scenes for me: Tyrion, Yoren and Benjen jawing away in Castle Black; Arya and Syrio; Robert/Barristan/Jaime (I loved that scene, and why shouldn't the king be sitting having a drink and a yak and a good old reminisce?)
So yeah, loved it. I really feel the series hit its stride with this episode, and I feel a lot more confident now in looking forward to the rest of it.
55	Eponine	2011-05-03	Character "development" consists of discrete "snapshot" scenes where a character suddenly changes from one scene to the next. For example, in one scene Jon Snow beats up on the other Watch recruits and is generally hated. In the next, Tyrion lectures Jon and in the following one Jon is already giving pointers to the other recruits. This isn't a change or a condensing of the book. After Donal Noye gives Jon a similar lecture, his entire reaction is "suddenly he felt ashamed and guilty", then he runs around in happiness that Bran will live, then he apologizes to Grenn in the dining hall and insults Alister Thorne. Next chapter, all the boys who become his sidekicks have completely forgiven him already and he's become their leader to the point that he can convince them to be nice to Sam. He's never shown having the slightest bit of difficulty winning any of them over. I think that one of the reasons that Jon appears to never have to bear the full consequences of anything (besides that he doesn't) is because he's not very internally reflective. It's taken for granted that he changed from being a bully to a leader in one moment and then he never reflects on his past actions again.
56	Sancho	2011-05-03	This isn't a change or a condensing of the book. After Donal Noye gives Jon a similar lecture, his entire reaction is "suddenly he felt ashamed and guilty", then he runs around in happiness that Bran will live, then he apologizes to Grenn in the dining hall and insults Alister Thorne. Next chapter, all the boys who become his sidekicks have completely forgiven him already and he's become their leader to the point that he can convince them to be nice to Sam. He's never shown having the slightest bit of difficulty winning any of them over. I think that one of the reasons that Jon appears to never have to bear the full consequences of anything (besides that he doesn't) is because he's not very internally reflective. It's taken for granted that he changed from being a bully to a leader in one moment and then he never reflects on his past actions again.You may be right. But my issue is not with whether the depiction is true to the presentation in the book. A TV series is a different medium and character development on a printed page does not always translate well into a visual format. A book is inherently a medium where you use your imagination to fill in holes, so when a chapter ends on one note and the next begins with a changed situation, your mind fills in the gap. This is very tricky to pull off on TV. Issues of the passage of time arise. Maybe some establishing shots of life on the Wall might have helped? Maybe some scenes at the dinner table? Maybe the recruits giving some dirty looks to Jon? In short, a way to make us truly experience what he feels and establish that an adequate amount of time has passed. My complaint is basically that the pacing of the series so far is way too fast and inconsistent. Something as small as better editing, without changing anything else, could make it much better.
57	arrowfan	2011-05-03	Gave this one a 9/10... probably more than it deserves, but the scenes at the wall and a few others were so cool. Also the story seems to be settling in for me. While the adaptation is clearly the weakest aspect of the HBO series, it's still pretty good.  
The only scene I did not like in this ep was the conversation between Robert and Jaime (where Robert outwardly chastises him). It just seemed a bit over the top.  It does present an interesting angle though (ie, Robert really wasn't a good king and kind of arrogant as well). 
Fav scenes - all the stuff at the wall.  I was worried about the actor for Jon (as were some others) but I have to say he's stealing every scene he's in for me.  Also the odd friendship Jon has with Tyrion came off well.  
Was wondering how they would end this ep... the fade out of Ned watching Arya sword training with Syrio was pretty good. At first he's bemused and a little proud, but then seems to have some misgivings.  
Bad-ass award goes to Joggo (was that him?) for neck-whip-lasso-ing Viserys! 
Overall, great stuff.
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 03 May 2011 - 05:23 PM.
58	johnny	2011-05-03	You may be right. But my issue is not with whether the depiction is true to the presentation in the book. A TV series is a different medium and character development on a printed page does not always translate well into a visual format. A book is inherently a medium where you use your imagination to fill in holes, so when a chapter ends on one note and the next begins with a changed situation, your mind fills in the gap. This is very tricky to pull off on TV. Issues of the passage of time arise. Maybe some establishing shots of life on the Wall might have helped? Maybe some scenes at the dinner table? Maybe the recruits giving some dirty looks to Jon? In short, a way to make us truly experience what he feels and establish that an adequate amount of time has passed. My complaint is basically that the pacing of the series so far is way too fast and inconsistent. Something as small as better editing, without changing anything else, could make it much better.I pretty much agree with you. The show just isn't working for me. I don't think this book translates well to the screen, at least not in these short 1 hour episodes.  There's too many characters, and way too much going on in the book to be covered.  Everything feels awkward and forced.  The tone of the story and characters change at the drop of a hat.  One minute the characters are jovial and happy , the next minute girls are getting raped, kids are thrown out of windows, political conspiracies arise, and there's very little development in between.  It's like you said, there's just not enough time for us to get to know these characters and become invested, and build up to those dramatic moments. Plus there was a lot of pointless dialogue in this episode, such as between the King and Jaime. What was that all about??  And there was that scene with Tyrion and what's-his-face. Did we really need these long, pointless dialogue scenes?  Like you said, there's way too much exposition going on.   It's not necessary to fill the audience in on every bit of back history. And there are more subtle ways to tell that part of the story. I thought they handled it pretty well in the first episode, but it's been downhill since then.   I'm also disappointed in some of the set pieces. King's landing is terrible. It looks like tiny, cheap castle rather then a big city. Everything is so clean looking. I know they are on a budget, but couldn't they have added some special effects or something to make it look more believable?? And what's up with the Dothraki? Why do horse people look like they've never seen dirt in their lives? The fake spray-tans and hair gel doesn't help either.  Winterwell and the wall look pretty fantastic though. The bright side of this episode was Tyrion and Arya.  I can definitely see them becoming my favorite characters in the show.  I like Jon as well.
					
					
							Edited by johnny, 03 May 2011 - 06:59 PM.
59	arrowfan	2011-05-03	I'm also disappointed in some of the set pieces. King's landing is terrible. It looks like tiny, cheap castle rather then a big city. Everything is so clean looking. Winterwell and the wall look pretty fantastic though. Totally agree on KL being too clean.  It's supposed to be a dump! But of course, all the scenes so far have been in the Red Keep, so it's cleanliness can be forgiven.  But yea KL doesn't feel monsterous as it should. The wall is probably the most spot on of all.  Its pretty much exactly as I picture it.  I especially like the scene where Jon is looking over the edge... snow covered forest, vast scale, strong snowy wind blowing across.  Perfect.
60	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	7 from me. Good bits and bad bits IMO with the good outweighing the bad. 
Seeing Syrio was great, and the interplay with Arya wonderful. Didn't much like how things went across the narrow sea. I liked what they did at the Wall given the constraints. Though I thought some of the scripting could have been done better. And not having steamy breath on the wall when they did it well for the prologue was disappointing.
I thought all the scenes with Ned, Sansa and Arya worked well. Was less impressed with Littlefinger's characterisation than I thought I'd be, but could be having too high expectations in the first place.
Renly might as well not have ben at the small council.
I like Varys so far.
Didn't really dig the Bob, Selmy, Jaime scene. I did like the Ned, Jaime scene in the throne room.
So yeah, too many negatives to give an 8, but a solid show none-the-less.
61	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-03	I pretty much agree with you. The show just isn't working for me. I don't think this book translates well to the screen, at least not in these short 1 hour episodes.  There's too many characters, and way too much going on in the book to be covered.  Everything feels awkward and forced.  The tone of the story and characters change at the drop of a hat.  One minute the characters are jovial and happy , the next minute girls are getting raped, kids are thrown out of windows, political conspiracies arise, and there's very little development in between.  It's like you said, there's just not enough time for us to get to know these characters and become invested, and build up to those dramatic moments. Plus there was a lot of pointless dialogue in this episode, such as between the King and Jaime. What was that all about??  And there was that scene with Tyrion and what's-his-face. Did we really need these long, pointless dialogue scenes?  Like you said, there's way too much exposition going on.   It's not necessary to fill the audience in on every bit of back history. And there are more subtle ways to tell that part of the story. I thought they handled it pretty well in the first episode, but it's been downhill since then.   I'm also disappointed in some of the set pieces. King's landing is terrible. It looks like tiny, cheap castle rather then a big city. Everything is so clean looking. I know they are on a budget, but couldn't they have added some special effects or something to make it look more believable?? And what's up with the Dothraki? Why do horse people look like they've never seen dirt in their lives? The fake spray-tans and hair gel doesn't help either.  Winterwell and the wall look pretty fantastic though. The bright side of this episode was Tyrion and Arya.  I can definitely see them becoming my favorite characters in the show.  I like Jon as well.I wanted a better adaptation but now I see it would take 30 hours, not 10 hours to properly do it.Now Im just enjoying the ride: the tv series is a diferent entity from the books and at least now we can see some of our beloved scenes in action. We wont be able to see all the good parts from the book but at least a few of them will be done properly.
62	valacirca	2011-05-03	...it is not even close to truly great TV like Madmen and Breaking Bad....we are not given any breather scenes to immerse us into the lives of the characters. We are told that characters evolve and are even given a reason as to why and how, but it just doesn't feel right. We simply have no time to let it sink in....there's just not enough time for us to get to know these characters and become invested, and build up to those dramatic moments. ...there's way too much exposition going on.First of all, there's no sense comparing TV shows written for TV with TV shows adapted from a book. The latter will always be at a disadvantage.With Game of Thrones, I feel like a big part of what makes the books memorable and popular is the depth of reason and motivation given for the character's actions. There's a lot of emotional depth and complexity in the books, which is something the TV series will just not be capable of delving into in the same way given the restraints inherent to the medium. Thus, they have to instead sensationalize a lot of the scenes that Martin worked very hard to de-sensationalize... it feels almost antithetic to the spirit of the books in many places to me. To put it another way, I always felt like Martin was saying "here's a very drastic sort of event common to a fantasy story, and now here are the complex human emotions and cultural/social reasons as to why this event occurs within this setting."That being said, I am still enjoying the series for what it is so far. It's certainly not going to cover the breadth of the different dimensions to the characters and the story nearly as well as the book does. It's like an extended summary/outline of the book because that's the only thing the medium can accommodate, but it's an enjoyable viewing experience so far.
63	Daenerys	2011-05-04	Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):Episode 1 "Winter Is Coming" - 7.8Episode 2 "The Kingsroad" - 8.2Episode 3 "Lord Snow" - 7.9Overall series average - 8.0EDIT: recalculated for more votes, score dropped slightly.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 05 May 2011 - 02:48 PM.
64	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	And not having steamy breath on the wall when they did it well for the prologue was disappointing.This is backwards. There were no steamy breaths in the prologue but there were on the Wall in this episode (most visible when Jon speaks to Tyrion on the top of the Wall).
65	warriorbard63	2011-05-04	I've read the books twice through, and have loved Martin's work for years.  This HBO series is fast becoming my favorite television program ever.  The quality is all I've come to expect from HBO.  The casting is impeccable and I'm loving every minute.  It couldn't be done in a movie, but this series is fantastic.  Its true that some details will have to be skipped or glanced over.  Translating from book to screen is like that.  But the heart of the story, the deep, well rounded characters that we love and hate, are all there.  Thank you Mr. Martin and HBO.  Job well done.
66	flyingwind66	2011-05-04	6/10
very fast moving and, though this may sound a bit weird, it didn't really feel like much happened in this episode
this episode more than anything just felt like 'setup' I'm much looking forward to the next episode ^-^
67	Sancho	2011-05-04	First of all, there's no sense comparing TV shows written for TV with TV shows adapted from a book. The latter will always be at a disadvantage.It is true that adapting a book into TV is usually more challenging than writing a new series from scratch as you have to modify it in such a way as to make it work visually in a serial of limited duration while still retaining the spirit and narrative of the original work (which was itself not written with such an adaptation in mind). However, the average viewer will not care about whether a series is adapted from a book or not. In the end, a TV series must stand on its own apart from the original work. And by that measure (and as much as I personally enjoy watching it) so far HBO's Game of Thrones does not match up to other great contemporary shows.
68	Sancho	2011-05-04	I pretty much agree with you. The show just isn't working for me. I don't think this book translates well to the screen, at least not in these short 1 hour episodes.  There's too many characters, and way too much going on in the book to be covered.  Everything feels awkward and forced.  The tone of the story and characters change at the drop of a hat.  One minute the characters are jovial and happy , the next minute girls are getting raped, kids are thrown out of windows, political conspiracies arise, and there's very little development in between.  It's like you said, there's just not enough time for us to get to know these characters and become invested, and build up to those dramatic moments. Plus there was a lot of pointless dialogue in this episode, such as between the King and Jaime. What was that all about??  And there was that scene with Tyrion and what's-his-face. Did we really need these long, pointless dialogue scenes?  Like you said, there's way too much exposition going on.   It's not necessary to fill the audience in on every bit of back history. And there are more subtle ways to tell that part of the story. I thought they handled it pretty well in the first episode, but it's been downhill since then.   I'm also disappointed in some of the set pieces. King's landing is terrible. It looks like tiny, cheap castle rather then a big city. Everything is so clean looking. I know they are on a budget, but couldn't they have added some special effects or something to make it look more believable?? And what's up with the Dothraki? Why do horse people look like they've never seen dirt in their lives? The fake spray-tans and hair gel doesn't help either.  Winterwell and the wall look pretty fantastic though. The bright side of this episode was Tyrion and Arya.  I can definitely see them becoming my favorite characters in the show.  I like Jon as well.Agreed for the Dothraki. They're really not doing it for me. They look and act very contemporary and not very nomad-like. As for King's Landing, yeah it does seem to lack scale and authenticity but I don't really mind it that much. It's still a TV series and I don't expect blockbuster-like realism as long as we get good writing and direction.
69	Lady Blackfish	2011-05-04	IMO this was the weakest of the three episodes so far, and I don't buy the idea being shilled around that people who didn't like it prefer action to character development.  I love character development more than chocolate, and as for action, ASOS is my least favorite book of the series while I adore AFFC, flaws and all.
It was just way too choppy.  I agree with Sancho, there's a notable difference in quality between this show and something like Mad Men, at least if episode three is to be taken as an example.  It's good, don't get me wrong, there are watchable actors and fun lines and nice scenery and of course a very interesting plot, but I think the show could achieve so much more if they just tried to apply more thematic cohesion to each episode unit.  This show is fun and involving, but it has the potential to be much better than it is, given the source material.
Another thing I agree with Sancho on: the dialog is so expository, and I think it's beginning to lose its justification.  I think with a more artistic bent the show could be confident in communicating more with less.  When I watch a show like Mad Men I delight in being able to observe things for myself, and I love that Matt Weiner gives me credit for the intelligence to figure things out.  While watching this episode it struck me what a lack of subtlety there is, which diminishes my perception of richness.
I thought a number of the actors were a bit awkward, Aiden Gillen and Michelle Fairley in particular.  There were some changes I couldn't really discern the purpose behind, like Renly's seeming friendship with Ned, Joffrey's entire characterization in the episode, etc.  I gave this episode a 6 and probably would've rated it lower if not for the fact that I really want to love this show with all my fanatical being, and that I enjoyed two scenes near the end a whole lot: Benjen, Yoren and Tyrion, and then Arya's training with Syrio Forel.  All three episodes so far have had good endings, IMO, I just wish the rest of the episode didn't feel like "This happened and then this and then this" until it was time to end it.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Blackfish, 04 May 2011 - 04:35 PM.
70	DecoyRunner	2011-05-04	Getting better imo. Starting to get a sense of the enormity of the task ahead of the producers. I know it seems a little disjointed; they're still finding their feet. It was tough to get into at first, but as they add characters it starts to get really interesting for me. 
The Dothraki accent is annoying me sometimes.
I knew Peter Dinklage wouldn't let me down. But does anyone else think the cast in general is a little old? Are characters ages specifically mentioned anywhere in the books? Cersei especially seems at least ten years older than I imagined, but I struggle with the timeline of Robert's rise to power and reign leading into GOT, so maybe I'm just bad with numbers.
Also, How cool was Syrio?!?! He's a bad ass mofo. I pictured him older and skinnier but def not disappointed.
					
					
							Edited by DecoyRunner, 04 May 2011 - 08:36 PM.
71	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-05	I knew Peter Dinklage wouldn't let me down. But does anyone else think the cast in general is a little old? Are characters ages specifically mentioned anywhere in the books? Cersei especially seems at least ten years older than I imagined, but I struggle with the timeline of Robert's rise to power and reign leading into GOT, so maybe I'm just bad with numbers.Pretty much every character is aged up on purpose. They didn't want the children to be quite as young as they are in the books, something GRRM himself wishes he had done differently (now that his planned 5 year leap didn't work).
72	Mexal	2011-05-05	My favorite episode so far. It was a bit slower which I appreciated, especially the 2nd half of the episode. Good stuff.
73	ExLibris	2011-05-06	I loved it, definitely a 9/10.
Though the story itself did not really progress, the episode still flew by to me. I was shocked when I was reveling in the awesomeness of Syrio Forel and then the episode ended; especially loved the foreshadowing as Ned watched Arya dual with the wooden swords but heard the clangor of steel ones.
Thought the scenes at the Wall were excellent, especially as Jon beat the shit out of everyone. /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' /> Tyrion of course continues to do a crackerjack job, though I was disappointed that they had him tease Benjen about the Night's Watch instead of taunting Ser Alliser Thorne with a crab fork. 
Viserys getting owned speaks for itself, of course. /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
74	johnnysd	2011-05-07	You may be right. But my issue is not with whether the depiction is true to the presentation in the book. A TV series is a different medium and character development on a printed page does not always translate well into a visual format. A book is inherently a medium where you use your imagination to fill in holes, so when a chapter ends on one note and the next begins with a changed situation, your mind fills in the gap. This is very tricky to pull off on TV. Issues of the passage of time arise. Maybe some establishing shots of life on the Wall might have helped? Maybe some scenes at the dinner table? Maybe the recruits giving some dirty looks to Jon? In short, a way to make us truly experience what he feels and establish that an adequate amount of time has passed. My complaint is basically that the pacing of the series so far is way too fast and inconsistent. Something as small as better editing, without changing anything else, could make it much better.It is interesting when I see this reaction from hard core book fans, because there are a lot of people watching at work and none of them would agree with you. They all love the pacing.
75	TWEEDIE	2011-05-07	I gave it an 8. Episode 2 was more exciting and dramatic but I enjoyed episode 3 for adding depth to the story. I was disappointed however, both with the absence of the direwolves (shots of Ghost with Jon Snow arriving at the Wall would have been nice), and the absence of any scenes with Tyrion and Ser Alliser Thorne because the verbal interplay and general antagonism between them in the book were often hilarious. Also, the omission of another scene at the common hall at the Wall was also disappointing, where everyone erupts in laughter when Jon Snow accepts and scorns Ser Alliser Thorne's wager that he (Ser Alliser) have an easier time teaching a wolf to juggle than he (Jon) would have training the recruits. Even the ravens in the rafters were laughing, as I recall, and I suppose the scene was omitted because of the difficulties showing this onscreen... 
But minor quibbles. I'm really enjoying the series and roll on episode 4!
76	Daenerys	2011-05-09	[sorry, posted in wrong forum, please delete]
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 09 May 2011 - 04:48 PM.
77	Kat	2011-05-01	Thank you for taking the time to read this!Because of the unique situation with the show's close adaptation of the novels, we have decided that a stringent approach to spoilers is the only way to allow the forum to cater to the widest possible viewership, from those who've not read the novels to those who've devoured every book. It is of absolute importance that spoiling the TV show for those who've not read the books does not happen. We will be quite harsh on this point, including completely blocking access to this discussion forum to habitual offenders (and possibly the rest of the forum, if we judge the spoiling to have been malicious rather than simply thoughtless). We have what we hope is a simple method of tagging each topic in regard to spoiler levels:NO SPOILERS: No spoilers of any kind, only what has been revealed in the episodes that have  been aired. However, mentioning a setting detail that does not in any way give away plot details is okay in this regard. We'll trust users to use their best judgment. When in doubt, don't post; errors will be treated as spoiling.TV SPOILERS - This is particularly intended for those who have not read the books, but are reading up on TV-show based discussion and media or watching previews for future episodes, which may provide spoilers. Make sure that the spoiler you want to discuss has come from TV-show focused media; if you can't cite the source, it may be assumed you're spoiling the books, and punished accordingly. Information from private screenings or viewings of episodes or material that is not yet aired should be protected with spoiler code.BOOK SPOILERS - Full on spoilers for all published works as well as all published media (previews, clips, summaries, etc.) that have been widely disseminated regarding the series. Information from private screenings or viewings of episodes or material that is not yet aired, as well as spoilers from unpublished works (ADwD excerpts, reading reports, etc.) should be protected with spoiler code.Some additional rules and notifications:Anyone can start a thread. However, the thread will be hidden until a moderator approves it as appropriate. Try to make sure you mark the spoiler level as directed above, that the title bears no spoilers, that you're not closely duplicating an existing topic, and that you are posting in the correct forumBe aware that other forums have different rules, namely that discussing any material from published works is fine and does not need spoiler notification. If you want to make sure you never see spoilers from those forums, make sure to bookmark and only visit this forumPlease remain civil in discussions. Rude remarks about other posters, implying personal defects to them, and so on is inappropriate. If you have a personal beef with someone, use the PM system to contact them privately. Tit-for-tat insults and pointless arguments will not be tolerated.Similarly, please remain respectful of the cast and crew, especially when it comes to matters such as personal appearance. It's okay to say an actor does not fit your image of a character, or even how the character is described, but it's not acceptable to go on about finding them 'too ugly' for a role or what have you. These are real people, some of whom browse this forum, some who even have a presence here. They've worked hard to create the best show they can. Performance critiques, so long as they're constructive, are of course welcome.We highly recommend reading the Board Style Guide, our guide for How to Avoid Flames, and the Board FAQ.It's pretty safe to assume that all threads in the episode discussion forums are going to contain TV spoilers for that episode and previous ones, but please try to respect the spoiler tags in the thread titles, and if you must refer to something from the books that hasn't been revealed in the TV show yet in a no-spoilers thread, please use the [spoiler] tag to hide potential spoilers from unsuspecting readers.New threads in this sub-forum go into a mod queue, where your topic may have its title edited to reflect spoiler content, or may be merged into a more general pre-existing topic. If you're wondering what happened to your post, look around in the other threads. For instance, we have been merging new threads with very specific observations about the episode into the longer "Episode 10x" threads where others may be talking about that same thing. Before you start a new thread, read some of the others.
78	Ran	2011-05-01	Thread for no spoilers discussion of the episode, titled "Lord Snow", when it's available.  Please don't post before then.
79	lynxx	2011-05-02	First appearance of the Water Dancer, Syrio Forel.  That's what I've been waiting for!
Wasn't he terrific?
80	Knight Of Winter	2011-05-02	Larry Willimas interesting youtube review of the episode: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GPWmdCoEpGYIt was a good episode, with good acting and plot becoming more complex. It was quite enjoyable to see Vyseris (or Viserys, I don't remember the spelling) finally receiving some resistance from Dany and being subdued after getting too violent.First appearance of the Water Dancer, Syrio Forel.  That's what I've been waiting for!Wasn't he terrific?Yes, he was. To honor him with an emoticon /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
81	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-02	Larry Willimas interesting youtube review of the episode: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GPWmdCoEpGYIt was a good episode, with good acting and plot becoming more complex. It was quite enjoyable to see Vyseris (or Viserys, I don't remember the spelling) finally receiving some resistance from Dany and being subdued after getting too violent.Yes, he was. To honor him with an emoticon /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />The code for /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> should totally be :syrio:
82	Jojen	2011-05-02	I liked the contrast between the scene with Cersei and Joffrey, and the scene immediately after with Ned and Arya. Different parenting styles, different priorities, but both highlight their love for their children.
Also, in the scene with Cat, Varys, and LF, did anyone else notice the look that Varys gives to LF when he tells Cat about how his little birds "whisper the strangest stories"? I half expected LF to reply, "What are you getting at?"
					
					
							Edited by Jojen, 02 May 2011 - 03:04 PM.
83	unJon	2011-05-02	I liked the contrast between the scene with Cersei and Joffrey, and the scene immediately after with Ned and Arya. Different parenting styles, different priorities, but both highlight their love for their children.Yes, that is a great call.  I also think the Ned/Arya scene compares well with the Tyrion/Jon scenes.  Tyrion playing the father figure with Jon, giving advice about his sword practice with the other trainees.
84	Manakhkubar	2011-05-03	Strangely, I didn't like the episode as a whole too much, but I liked almost all scenes. Even more strangely, my favourite scene was Bran's "I'd rather be dead" with Robb. The first time Robb was really present and, boy, that Bran actor drove me to tears with a single sentence.
85	Bronn Stone	2011-05-03	I felt like I was on an amusement park ride for the first thirty minutes.  Everything moved so FAST.  Left me almost dizzy.  Things got a bit more relaxed after that.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 03 May 2011 - 02:30 AM.
86	Ondine	2011-05-03	I have one question for those of you who have read the book: what's the name of the character who is "hiding" Cat? I don't recall that they've introduced him and he seems interesting... And what's the story with him and Cat and Ned? They didn't quite explain it...or are we supposed to find that out later? 
The show is good, so far I am keeping up with the story quite well (or at least I think I am /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> ) but there are too many characters already and it's really hard to remember all their names<U+0085> /wacko.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />
87	Aoife	2011-05-03	I won't get into the relationship here much, since this is a 'no spoilers' thread, but I will say this, because I think most was either stated or implied in the episode:
1. That is Lord Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish. He is also on the Small Council, so you hear Ned greet him as 'Lord Baelish' briefly. Cat calls him 'Petyr'.
2. He was a ward of Hoster Tully, Cat's father. He grew up with the Tully children, particularly Cat and Lysa (since their brother is a good bit younger). This is why Cat is so informal with him, and calls him 'like a younger brother'. He fell in love with Cat and challenged her betrothed to a duel for her hand. Her betrothed happened to be Ned's older brother, Brandon, which is why you hear LF talk about 'a token of his regard', meaning the scar he got during the duel.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 03 May 2011 - 12:11 PM.
88	Maltaran	2011-05-03	I have one question for those of you who have read the book: what's the name of the character who is "hiding" Cat? I don't recall that they've introduced him and he seems interesting... And what's the story with him and Cat and Ned? They didn't quite explain it...or are we supposed to find that out later? The show is good, so far I am keeping up with the story quite well (or at least I think I am /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> ) but there are too many characters already and it's really hard to remember all their names<U+0085> /wacko.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />His name is Petyr Baelish, also known as "Littlefinger". He is the Master of Coin on the small council, meaning he controls the money. I'm not sure if I should post much of the background, given that this is a no spoiler thread, but I think it's safe to say that as a teenager he had a major crush on Cat, which has coloured his relationship with her and her husband.
89	Ondine	2011-05-03	1. That is Lord Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish. He is also on the Small Council, so you hear Ned greet him as 'Lord Baelish' briefly. Cat calls him 'Petyr'.2. He was a ward of Hoster Tully, Cat's father. He grew up with the Tully children, particularly Cat and Lysa (since their brother is a good bit younger). This is why Cat is so informal with him, and calls him 'like a younger brother'. He fell in love with Cat and challenged her betrothed to a duel for her hand. Her betrothed happened to be Ned's older brother, Brandon, which is why you hear LF talk about 'a token of his regard', meaning the scar he got during the duel.His name is Petyr Baelish, also known as "Littlefinger". He is the Master of Coin on the small council, meaning he controls the money. I'm not sure if I should post much of the background, given that this is a no spoiler thread, but I think it's safe to say that as a teenager he had a major crush on Cat, which has coloured his relationship with her and her husband.Thanks. I am starting to think that the show is meant mostly for those who have read the novels: there are many things that are hinted but never really explained. They don't seem to be that important for the storyline so I'm thinking that maybe they could have left them out if they wanted everyone to just relax and enjoy the show. As it is those of us who haven't read the books always fell like we are missing something.
90	Xenophon	2011-05-03	Thanks. I am starting to think that the show is meant mostly for those who have read the novels: there are many things that are hinted but never really explained. They don't seem to be that important for the storyline so I'm thinking that maybe they could have left them out if they wanted everyone to just relax and enjoy the show. As it is those of us who haven't read the books always fell like we are missing something.I think that's the effect they're going for.  If anything, people who have read the books may know too much to fully enjoy the show for what it is.  I suspect HBO saw how much people liked the teasers/mysteries in Lost, and decided that a similar approach would work in GoT.  In any event, the directors seem to be revealing things very gradually, so I wouldn't worry if something seems a little unclear at first.
91	Aoife	2011-05-03	In any event, the directors seem to be revealing things very gradually, so I wouldn't worry if something seems a little unclear at first.Yes, I agree. You (Ondine) caught that Ned and Cat are tied up with "that guy" in some way, you just didn't recognise him as Petyr/Lord Baelish when introduced in a different context. If the showrunners wanted all of the information dropped in at once, they'd've done so. (Same with the books, as well - a lot of this stuff readers don't find out until much later.)
92	aeu	2011-05-03	Also, in the scene with Cat, Varys, and LF, did anyone else notice the look that Varys gives to LF when he tells Cat about how his little birds "whisper the strangest stories"? I half expected LF to reply, "What are you getting at?"Now that you mention it, I looked for this in the rewatch. Varys appears to be saying that directly to LF. I wonder what he meant by it.
93	TerraPrime	2011-05-03	Re: Ondine
Indeed. Even readers had to wait to find out all the information at once. When we first met Littlefinger, for instance, we didn't know of his backstory with Cat and Ned, either. So, just be careful of jumping to the conclusion that the show is meant for the readers. We're at a different place because we have the benefit of retrospect from having read all 4 books. Doesn't mean that it's not fun for the non-book-reading viewers to find the puzzle pieces yourself. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
ETA
Also, think of what fun it'd be to re-watch after the entire S1 is over. You'll be picking up these backstories just as much as the readers have. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 03 May 2011 - 05:04 PM.
94	Xenophon	2011-05-03	Now that you mention it, I looked for this in the rewatch. Varys appears to be saying that directly to LF. I wonder what he meant by it.Yeah, there was definitely some sort of tension between Varys and Littlefinger in that scene.  First Varys seeming to direct that comment at LF, then LF gloating that he knew something Varys didn't.
95	Maester Cressan	2011-05-03	Thanks. I am starting to think that the show is meant mostly for those who have read the novels: there are many things that are hinted but never really explained. They don't seem to be that important for the storyline so I'm thinking that maybe they could have left them out if they wanted everyone to just relax and enjoy the show. As it is those of us who haven't read the books always fell like we are missing something.I think it adds to the realism and atmosphere.Lord of the Rings was the same way.  There were always these extra bits of background that gave us what we needed to know, but also hinted that the background was it's own epic story in it's own right.It's much the same here.  The Starks and Lannisters believe they are the actors, but at the same time, they are reacting to decisions made by their parent's generation, just as their children are now forced to live with the choices made by the current actors.  We didn't come in at the start of a story, we came in at the start of a chapter.  Much like history in real life.
96	malek	2011-05-04	For me highest point of the episode was when Robert, Jaime and Ser Barristan talked about how they destroyed Kingwood's Brotherhood, and how they mentioned Symon Toyne as a great swordsman, lacking stamina.
97	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-04	This is supposed to be a 'no spoilers' thread and it is full of spoilers, people.
98	Balefont	2011-05-04	Re: OndineIndeed. Even readers had to wait to find out all the information at once. When we first met Littlefinger, for instance, we didn't know of his backstory with Cat and Ned, either. So, just be careful of jumping to the conclusion that the show is meant for the readers. We're at a different place because we have the benefit of retrospect from having read all 4 books. Doesn't mean that it's not fun for the non-book-reading viewers to find the puzzle pieces yourself. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETAAlso, think of what fun it'd be to re-watch after the entire S1 is over. You'll be picking up these backstories just as much as the readers have. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree.I loved the books the first time around so I was surprised that I loved them more when I re-read them. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
99	Ondine	2011-05-04	You (Ondine) caught that Ned and Cat are tied up with "that guy" in some way, you just didn't recognise him as Petyr/Lord Baelish when introduced in a different context. If the showrunners wanted all of the information dropped in at once, they'd've done so. (Same with the books, as well - a lot of this stuff readers don't find out until much later.)Indeed. Even readers had to wait to find out all the information at once. When we first met Littlefinger, for instance, we didn't know of his backstory with Cat and Ned, either. So, just be careful of jumping to the conclusion that the show is meant for the readers. We're at a different place because we have the benefit of retrospect from having read all 4 books. Doesn't mean that it's not fun for the non-book-reading viewers to find the puzzle pieces yourself. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The thing is that, in a show, when things are hinted but not revealed right away, I wait for it 'cause I know that eventually it will all become clear. But when something is hinted in GoT I don't know if it will be explained later or it's just there so that those who have read the books can enjoy those hints. But, if you say that even in the books it's all revealed bit by bit, that it's ok, I withdraw my statement that it's just for those who read the books.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
100	Daenerys	2011-05-05	Nipick here. Rodrik pulls out the assassination blade and declares it's "Valyrian steel, with a dragonbone handle". But isn't the handle shown gold-colored metal? Why would dragonbone be shiny and metallic?
101	Ran	2011-05-05	It is in fact black dragonbone, with sort of gold wire embellishment or wrapping.
102	Stormcreature	2011-05-10	Ii was wondering what people thought about the conversation between Ned and Arya? It seems odd to me that Ned would say it was ok for Sansa to lie to the King and put Arya in potential peril just because Sansa is to be wed to Joffrey. I don't recall him saying that in the book and it seems very unlike Lord stark to say something like that. 
I have loved the show so far and this is the only scene that has bothered me. Also, I guess like everybody else I would like to see more interaction between the kids and the Direwolves. They are an important part.
103	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	I don't think Arya was in peril with Ned there, and Sansa is a child, so I don't think her white lie of not remembering is being held to the same standards as a more serious lie, or if she had wrongly said that Joffrey's version of the story was correct. Her "I don't remember" was her way of saying she wasn't going to back up either story, so in a loose manner of speaking she was "pleading the 5th". For Sansa to speak against her betrothed and future King would have been a mistake. She was put into an awful no-win situation and I think Ned was trying to explain that to Arya (and to the audience watching the show). Being a fan of Sansa (despite her bratty behavior of season 1 and the first book) I appreciated the scene.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 10 May 2011 - 11:07 PM.
104	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-12	I don't think Arya was in peril with Ned there, and Sansa is a child, so I don't think her white lie of not remembering is being held to the same standards as a more serious lie, or if she had wrongly said that Joffrey's version of the story was correct. Her "I don't remember" was her way of saying she wasn't going to back up either story, so in a loose manner of speaking she was "pleading the 5th". For Sansa to speak against her betrothed and future King would have been a mistake. She was put into an awful no-win situation and I think Ned was trying to explain that to Arya (and to the audience watching the show). Being a fan of Sansa (despite her bratty behavior of season 1 and the first book) I appreciated the scene.While I agree that Sansa was in a no-win situation, and Ned was right to forgive her, I take issue with a lie that directly results in the death of an innocent being characterized as a "white lie".
105	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	While I agree that Sansa was in a no-win situation, and Ned was right to forgive her, I take issue with a lie that directly results in the death of an innocent being characterized as a "white lie".Her lie didn't directly result in anything. Robert's conclusion based on Sansa's testimony was "kids fight. It's over." Not Robert's or Sansa's fault that the Hound was already out there killing the butcher's boy while the trail was being conducted.
106	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-12	Even if Sansa told the truth, I doubt it would have changed the outcome much. Ceresi still would have insisted that the wolves were too dangerous to keep around and that they need to be killed, and I don't see Robert having the guts to stand up to her.
107	Jojen	2011-12-28	I re-watched this ep last night and caught something I hadn't noticed the first time: When Ned is watching Arya and Syrio, he starts to hear the clash of iron and steel. This really adds to the intensity of the scene, especially when you watch Ned's expression change. Nice work to the team for that extra little audio touch.
108	Distorted Humor	2012-05-18	Syrio was excellent, and littlefinger is well, Littlefinger /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
109	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-12-10	best line:(Arya and Sansa)What are you doing?I'm practicing.For what?The Prince!parts that I dislike and I always skip:when Jon beats the crap out of the other recruitsthe mother-son dialogue between Cersei and Joffreyfavourite parts:Ned confronting Jaime in the throne roomold nan's taleArya starting her water-dance trainingTyrion and Mormont; Tyrion and Jonfunniest parts:LF: something you don't know that I do...Ned: war is easier than daughters!Ned to LF about his brother
110	FirstoftheFistmen	2013-09-13	My favorite scene is when King Robert is talking to Ser Jamie and Ser Barristan about their first kills. And the look on Roberts face when Jamie told him the Mad King's last words.
111	Kat	2011-05-03	Other thread approaching post limit.
112	Lord O' Bones	2011-05-03	I cannot believe no one in this thread has wondered yet why Ghost wasn't in this episode.
113	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	I cannot believe no one in this thread has wondered yet why Ghost wasn't in this episode.Well this thread only had one post before you posted... There has been plenty of people mentioning it in the other thread /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
114	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	Personally I think Lady is still alive. No Lannister has seen the dead body to verify the kill, and it's easy for the Northmen to bare false witness and produce fraudulent documentation. I think it's a conspiracy to make Nedbama look good and Lady escaped into the mountains.
115	Lord O' Bones	2011-05-03	Well this thread only had one post before you postedBut it had already been 45 minutes without this outrageous omission having been brought to our attention.
					
					
							Edited by Lord O' Bones, 03 May 2011 - 08:11 PM.
116	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	But it had already been 45 minutes without this outrageous omission having been brought to our attention.Heresy!
117	schrecklich	2011-05-03	This thread (including the previous locked thread) has already gotten pretty long, so I'll try to give brief comments on the episode.
Overall: I loved this episode.  I was lukewarm to the first episode, felt slightly better about the second episode, and then truly loved this one.  There was a lot to set up early on (and that part of the story is kind of slow -- I always dread the early part of AGoT when doing a reread), but now I think the show is hitting its stride.  I liked how episode 3 was powerful scene after powerful scene just like the books.  
It would take a lot of thought and rewatching on my part to judge the show on its own merits because I am already so familiar with the story.  I'll leave that to film experts and non-readers.  I felt like the pacing was off at times, but I didn't care -- I was just enjoying the string of awesome scenes.
Lancel: why is everyone ripping on Lancel?  I thought he was perfect.  Unlike the actors playing Joffrey and Jaime (who are doing a good job embodying their characters), the actor playing Lancel actually looks like a Lannister.  He isn't really portrayed as much more than a bumbling boy until Cersei makes him into a pseudo-Jaime.
Cersei/Joffrey: I have mixed feelings.  I loved Cersei telling Joffrey he can make the truth -- that fits her perfectly.  I didn't like Joffrey's standing army idea.  That's far too brilliant and progressive for him.  From the books, I think of him as the boy more interested in shooting rabbits than running a kingdom so having him planning out sweeping reforms to the kingdom years before he should expect to take the throne feels off.
Robert/Selmy/Jaime: Loved this scene.  Great acting, great lines.  I didn't think Robert was cruel or whiny.  He's just a man built for warring and whoring who can't find a purpose in a time of peace.
Direwolves: Didn't really bother me.  As seen in the assassin scene, the Joffrey/Nymeria scene, and Lady's execution, they'll show up when it's important to the plot.
Littlefinger: I agree with those that feel he's not coming across quite as slippery as he should, but he'll have more chances to shine later on.
Old Nan/Syrio/Jorah/Varys: awesome.
Ned's arrival in King's Landing: I thought it was weird that it wasn't explained when people arrived.  From the previous episodes, I thought that Ned, Robert, and Jaime were traveling together, but Jaime and Robert seem to have arrived much earlier.
Dany/Viserys scene: the set up for this scene felt off.  I feel they should have departed from the books further to set up Viserys' anger a little better.
Dothraki: I am really confused about how much Westerosi the handmaids/bloodriders can speak and how much Dothraki Jorah can speak, but I guess it really isn't that important.
Cat's travel: A "we will travel by boat and arrive as quickly as Lord Eddard" line would have made me feel better.  I feel like the show hasn't given much sense of how big Westeros is -- it seems like it takes only a couple days to get from Winterfell to King's Landing.
Other awesome things: I liked more things in this episode, but I'd just be parroting things people have already said so I'll stop now.
					
					
							Edited by schrecklich, 03 May 2011 - 09:04 PM.
118	Xenophon	2011-05-03	Ned's arrival in King's Landing: I thought it was weird that it wasn't explained when people arrived.  From the previous episodes, I thought that Ned, Robert, and Jaime were traveling together, but Jaime and Robert seem to have arrived much earlier.Cat's travel: A "we will travel by boat and arrive as quickly as Lord Eddard" line would have made me feel better.  I feel like the show hasn't given much sense of how big Westeros is -- it seems like it takes only a couple days to get from Winterfell to King's Landing.Yeah, Jaime lounging in the Throne room when Ned arrived threw me for a loop too.  As for travel times, I agree it could be a lot clearer, but I think Dany's pregnancy gives us some sense of how much time has passed.
119	valacirca	2011-05-03	Yeah, Jaime lounging in the Throne room when Ned arrived threw me for a loop too.  As for travel times, I agree it could be a lot clearer, but I think Dany's pregnancy gives us some sense of how much time has passed.Got to agree with this. I was expecting Ned to go straight into business with Varys & Co. upon entering. Seeing Jaime there threw me off too. My first thought was "Isn't he still travelling on the kingsroad with the King's party to King's Landing?"That face-off turned out to be a good scene though.But the way that they almost completely overhauled how Cat/Ned arrived at King's Landing and how they met and everything related to that... that was my biggest gripe about E03.
120	israfel070	2011-05-03	Personally I think Lady is still alive. No Lannister has seen the dead body to verify the kill, and it's easy for the Northmen to bare false witness and produce fraudulent documentation. I think it's a conspiracy to make Nedbama look good and Lady escaped into the mountains.What real proof do we have anyway that Ned was born in the North? I heard he was raised in the Eyrie.
121	TerraPrime	2011-05-03	What real proof do we have anyway that Ned was born in the North? I heard he was raised in the Eyrie.Winterfell Clinic should release the long-form of Nedbama birth certificate, with Maester Luwen's signature. A simple announcement through the ravens can be faked so easily that it's not reliable.  I also hear the Nedbama once competed in the same tournament as Howland Ayers, a known terrorist.
122	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	Winterfell Clinic should release the long-form of Nedbama birth certificate, with Maester Luwen's signature. A simple announcement through the ravens can be faked so easily that it's not reliable.  I also hear the Nedbama once competed in the same tournament as Howland Ayers, a known terrorist.Tynald Lannistrump wont fall for any fake ass photomaged certificates!
123	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	Winterfell Clinic should release the long-form of Nedbama birth certificate, with Maester Luwen's signature. A simple announcement through the ravens can be faked so easily that it's not reliable.  I also hear the Nedbama once competed in the same tournament as Howland Ayers, a known terrorist.Well I'm with Dornhald Traymp on this one. I think some of the terminology on the long form certificate smacks of the policitcal correctness of the post Targaryen era. Clearly this indicates the certificate was recently created and thus is prima facie evidence that no certificate was issues in Winterfell at the time of Nedbama's birth. And how convenient that the alleged father and elder brother are no longer alive to give credible testimony. The Lannisters have every reason to be very suspicious of Nedbama's origins and hence loyalty to the realm.He obviously has sympathies towards the Targaryens, otherwise why would he be so dismissive of the risks of a Targ/Dothraki invasion and very critical of Bob's exceedingly sensible desire to send a death squad to take out Dany and Viserys? Very suspicious indeed.ETA:Tynald Lannistrump wont fall for any fake ass photomaged certificates!You beat me to it! But there seems to be some dispute over the name.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 04 May 2011 - 12:00 AM.
124	Rand	2011-05-04	Cersei/Joffrey: I have mixed feelings.  I loved Cersei telling Joffrey he can make the truth -- that fits her perfectly.  I didn't like Joffrey's standing army idea.  That's far too brilliant and progressive for him.  From the books, I think of him as the boy more interested in shooting rabbits than running a kingdom so having him planning out sweeping reforms to the kingdom years before he should expect to take the throne feels off.That scene caught me to, would they even understand the concept of a 'standing army' in the given time period?  But personally the way I see it, they were using a story telling technique to educate the uninitiated viewer.  Like how a show/story will have a stupid character that needs things spelled out for him by the other characters, which serves the dual purpose filling in the audience on the back story as well.  In this instance, Joffrey takes a very modern and meaningful stance on the military, which everyone in the audience will understand.  Cersei's rebuttal on the other hand fills you in on exactly how a feudal system actually works.  Since the TV series is going for a broader audience not everyone may understand what 'calling the banners' means.As for Cersei's character, seems to me a lot of people are complaining about her being too smart, or too good at "the game".  But might we not have our views tainted by AFfC's?  Don't forget at this point her opponents are Robert and Ned, and she does handily defeat them.  And while she's brutal at it in book 4, she also become quite unhinged from a combination of losing Joffrey and Maggie's prophesy, for which she mistakenly see's Margery as her usurper.  So taking that into perspective I don't see anything that wrong with her.
125	arrowfan	2011-05-04	I cannot believe no one in this thread has wondered yet why Ghost wasn't in this episode.Hear here. Ghost is the coolest direwolf and an integral part of Jon's thread. Even though Ghost wasn't very central in this part of the story (even in the books) he should have been around. My Bad-ass awards:Rokarro (sorry sp) - for neck whip lasso-ing Viserys .... Shabang Jon - looking cool beating off the wall whelps Eddard - putting Littlefinger in his place up against the wall of the brothel, heh Characters who continue to impress and exceed expectation: Catelyn and CerseiPeople haven't mentioned Eddard (Sean Bean) much here. What do you think?  He's perfect, right?  Suits the role well. Could do with a bit more emotional range... but no... that's Ned alright.  Great stuff.
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 04 May 2011 - 01:51 AM.
126	Gertrude	2011-05-04	An interesting effect of the Joffrey/Cersei scene that didn't occur to me at the time. I was reading the Television without Pity GoT thread for the unspoilered people. (I'm kind of addicted to it) and someone came up with the thought that Joff sent the assassin to Bran. The scene with Cersei made her realize that he doesn't think things through ... like sending an assassin with a highly recognizable dagger. So bravo D&D, because if Joff's entitled, rash mentality is what they were trying to emphasize, they done good. I was mostly focused on Cersei's characterization in that scene and I glossed over Joff's obvious brattiness.
(of course the poster had pretty much talked herself out of her 'Joff did it' theory at the end of her post, but a few others have picked it up)
127	valacirca	2011-05-04	someone came up with the thought that Joff sent the assassin to Bran.(of course the poster had pretty much talked herself out of her 'Joff did it' theory at the end of her post, but a few others have picked it up)Yeah, and it wouldn't have made sense either because afaik, only Cersei and Jaime know the true nature of Bran's fall.
128	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	With the kinda reception Syrio got, anyone else feeling we are gonna have a riot on our hands here when he is killed like that?
129	Gertrude	2011-05-04	Yeah, and it wouldn't have made sense either because afaik, only Cersei and Jaime know the true nature of Bran's fall.Her original reasoning is that he wanted to frame Tyrion because he was upset that he slapped him, and Bran was (indirectly) the reason Tyrion slapped him so he had no qualms about killing him for his own ends. Not all the thoughts tied together well and some were even contradictory, but the instinct was good. The important thing was that she grasped what Joff was truly capable of and that he acts on impulse.
130	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-04	Her original reasoning is that he wanted to frame Tyrion because he was upset that he slapped him, and Bran was (indirectly) the reason Tyrion slapped him so he had no qualms about killing him for his own ends. Not all the thoughts tied together well and some were even contradictory, but the instinct was good. The important thing was that she grasped what Joff was truly capable of and that he acts on impulse.It will be interesting to see whether they change Joff's motivation for sending the assassin. The line that inspired Joff is never spoken on screen, and they haven't really portrayed Joff as craving the approval of king Bob.
131	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	Cat's travel: A "we will travel by boat and arrive as quickly as Lord Eddard" line would have made me feel better.  I feel like the show hasn't given much sense of how big Westeros is -- it seems like it takes only a couple days to get from Winterfell to King's Landing.They actually say outright that it took the king a month to reach Winterfell from King's Landing, plus that how much time is passed is often told in one of the locations which indicates the same for the others.
132	Kaitscralt	2011-05-04	They actually say outright that it took the king a month to reach Winterfell from King's Landing, Yes but I believe Robert mentions stopping to visit places along the way.
133	Zezibesh	2011-05-04	With the kinda reception Syrio got, anyone else feeling we are gonna have a riot on our hands here when he is killed like that?If they do it in the show as they do it in the book and leave his death ambiguous, I don't think it'll be too bad.
134	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-04	With the kinda reception Syrio got, anyone else feeling we are gonna have a riot on our hands here when he is killed like that?Killed like what? Has GRRM confirmed his death? He seemed to be holding his own against the KG well enough, with a wooden practice sword, when last we saw him alive. You don't get to be first sword without being able to get yourself out of tricky situations.
135	Balefont	2011-05-04	I cannot believe no one in this thread has wondered yet why Ghost wasn't in this episode./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I don't know what's funnier - your quip or the fact that so many people actually took you seriously. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
136	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-04	I was reading the Television without Pity GoT thread for the unspoilered people. (I'm kind of addicted to it)Yeah, me too.  It is awesome to see other people working through the storyline, much like I did when I first read the books.However, these people seem much smarter than me.  I never suspected Joffrey, and the whole R+L=J theory never occurred to me (mostly because I didn't really dwell on it) until my friend told me about it.I have no idea how they already have these theories and they have less information than I did when I first thought of them.  They are pretty damn smart over there.And I love how they refer to those of us who have read the books as "Bookwalkers" and they are members of the "Spitball Wall Watch".
137	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	Yeah, me too.  It is awesome to see other people working through the storyline, much like I did when I first read the books.However, these people seem much smarter than me.  I never suspected Joffrey, and the whole R+L=J theory never occurred to me (mostly because I didn't really dwell on it) until my friend told me about it.I have no idea how they already have these theories and they have less information than I did when I first thought of them.  They are pretty damn smart over there.And I love how they refer to those of us who have read the books as "Bookwalkers" and they are members of the "Spitball Wall Watch".There can be a few reasons why you didn't catch those things as quickly than they did that don't mean that you're dumber. The first is that when you are reading a book you are generally plodding on at a fairly steady pace and don't usually discuss things a lot as you go as you're more focused on actually seeing what happens next. When you watch a show you see a tenth of the story and then have a week to think on just that and talk with people that have come exactly as far as you have because you don't have the choice to move on to the rest until it's aired.A book also gives out much more information than a TV show and since they've given all the necessary information to draw the R+L=J conclusion some will naturally guess that because there's not as much other information to drown that out. And for all they know, they haven't even been told everything they need to know about it so they are still just guessing.Then it's also possible that some people actually have read the books, or spoilers, and are trying to shine while pretending they haven't.
138	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-04	Then it's also possible that some people actually have read the books, or spoilers, and are trying to shine while pretending they haven't.That would sadden me, though I'm sure there are people who would do that.  I'm just having so much fun reading their (allegedly) uninfluenced reactions.Your point about them being able to discuss as the story unfolds is a good one. I didn't really talk about the books with anyone until I was done with all of them, so who knows how much I would have figured out if I had dissected each chapter for a week before moving on.I still feel stupid about R+L=J, though.  I know it is far from being a sure thing, but I never even doubted that Ned was Jon's father until someone told me.  I know that doesn't mean I am dumb, but I do think that it was dumb of me to completely miss out that there was some question of Jon's parentage (if that makes any sense).
139	Caligula_K	2011-05-04	Another excellent episode! Maybe not as good as the Kingsroad, but there's a lot of great stuff in here. Loved every scene with Tyrion (I can't believe I was worried about Dinklage and the accent he uses when I saw the trailers), Littlefinger and Varys were perfect and I really enjoyed some of the added scenes, especially the Robert/Selmy/Jaime one. I'll also echo everyone's praise for the Syrio scene at the end.
A few very minor/petty criticisms:
-The way Littlefinger pronounced Catelyn's name annoyed the hell out of me
-I'm not a fan of the actor playing Master Aemon so far. Obviously there's lots of time left for him to convince me, but damn if he didn't completely overact in that scene, with his jaw shaking as if his life depended on it. There have been a few times in the series where I've thought the acting hasn't been stellar (the delivery of some of Catelyn's lines, for example), but this is the first time I've had a problem with an actor. Which is pretty damn amazing, considering how large the cast of this show is.
Slightly more major complaints:
-The Dany plotline has been the weakest part of the show, and I'm not particularly convinced by the show's depiction of her and Drogo's relationship at this point. It'd be nice to have some full dialogue scenes with Drogo and Dany so that them cuddling wouldn't come completely out of nowhere.
-Wasn't a big fan of the editing in this episode- I'd much prefer if they stuck at one location for longer periods of time (as in the first 15 minutes) rather than constantly jump around every scene- it messes with the show's pacing.
Otherwise, excellent episode. This show is really coming together and exceeding all my expectations. I can't wait for the Bran/Tyrion/Robb scene next week.
ChrisPwildcat: Hey, no worries. I never doubted that Ned and Willa were Jon's parents at all when I read the first three books. I remember coming here, seeing the R+L=J theories for the first time and thinking it was an incredibly dumb idea. Little did I know...
					
					
							Edited by Caligula_K, 04 May 2011 - 09:26 AM.
140	Brewmaster	2011-05-04	I was a late reader to the books. And, I am just finishing with Book 2. However, I find the Jon on the Wall arc so far not too interesting. As for Tierion giving advice to Jon, I found that somewhat a bit far-fetched for someone of Tierion's station and background. In fact in the books he seems to come off as very smart but devious and as most Lannister's self-serving. Someone answered my comment/question regarding whether he was bad, good, evil, smart etc and the answer seemed to be all three. I now see that that is true.Tyrion giving advice to Jon is right out of the book. Not the advice about Pyp and Grenn, but about his birth, his place in the world and his choice to join the night's watch. When they part ways in the book, they have become friends.
141	legba11	2011-05-04	Several people are not liking the Dany storyline.
I will tell my fiancAe, who has not read the books, nor any other fantasy books this side of Hogwarts loves her now.  Dany's evolution has quickly become her favorite parts of the series.  It is VERY important that series appeals to non-SoIF fans.  Otherwise, it will not be completed.  HBO does not have a good history with their big, "period" peices.  Deadwood (being the greatest show ever made for television) made three seasons.  The other two, Rome and Carnival made it two.
142	Maltaran	2011-05-04	Killed like what? Has GRRM confirmed his death? He seemed to be holding his own against the KG well enough, with a wooden practice sword, when last we saw him alive. You don't get to be first sword without being able to get yourself out of tricky situations.Right at the end, his sword breaks. That's when Arya runs away.
143	Cereal Forel	2011-05-04	I was a late reader to the books. And, I am just finishing with Book 2. However, I find the Jon on the Wall arc so far not too interesting. As for Tierion giving advice to Jon, I found that somewhat a bit far-fetched for someone of Tierion's station and background. In fact in the books he seems to come off as very smart but devious and as most Lannister's self-serving. Someone answered my comment/question regarding whether he was bad, good, evil, smart etc and the answer seemed to be all three. I now see that that is true.You seriously need to stay out of the book spoiler threads or you're going to have the series ruined for you. You've been warned (twice now I think).
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 04 May 2011 - 12:35 PM.
144	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	If they do it in the show as they do it in the book and leave his death ambiguous, I don't think it'll be too bad.Killed like what? Has GRRM confirmed his death? He seemed to be holding his own against the KG well enough, with a wooden practice sword, when last we saw him alive. You don't get to be first sword without being able to get yourself out of tricky situations.I love Syrio as much as the next guy-no homo lol- but I just cant see how he could do anything else than die honorably fighting to save someone else's life. The last image we have of him is when his wooden sword breaks.
145	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	You seriously need to stay out of the book spoiler threads or you're going to have the series ruined for you. You've been warned (twice now I think).Is that from the other thread? I cant find that post here, anyway VGZ if you are still viewing book spoiler threads get off or the others gonna get ya!
146	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	I love Syrio as much as the next guy-no homo lol- but I just cant see how he could do anything else than die honorably fighting to save someone else's life. The last image we have of him is when his wooden sword breaks.He could give up or flee when Arya is safe (at least from the kingsguard knight). If the speculations are true he would be caught but not killed.
147	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	He could give up or flee when Arya is safe (at least from the kingsguard knight). If the speculations are true he would be caught but not killed.Dont wanna sound boneheaded about this, but what purpose does keeping Syrio alive serve? I would be disappointed if GRRM denied Syrio an honorable death, which is unlikely considering Martin's style.
148	aimlessgun	2011-05-04	I very much hope we get to see Syrio die onscreen so that particular theory can be put to bed /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
149	arrowfan	2011-05-04	Dont wanna sound boneheaded about this, but what purpose does keeping Syrio alive serve? I would be disappointed if GRRM denied Syrio an honorable death, which is unlikely considering Martin's style.Well GRRM has a knack for preserving certain characters and leaving some mysteries (eg. Sandor Clegane) in case he thinks of a perfect place for them to show up again, he still has the option.  But I do think he'll keep Syrio's honorable death intact.
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 04 May 2011 - 02:57 PM.
150	FlipFantastic	2011-05-04	I'm willing to bet the series will skip the Lancel/Cersei shtooping, so we shouldnt get all caught up in how weenie, and unlike Jaime, he looks.
151	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-04	Right at the end, his sword breaks. That's when Arya runs away.Don't get me wrong, I don't think he's alive. But there's no doubt we are all assuming he's dead because his death has never been confirmed. And as we know, even people who die "on screen" occasionally come back in this story. So there's no way you can be certain of an off screen death.It's also possible that Syrio turns up in Arya's story and "rescues her" from becomming a faceless (wo)man. Turning her into an honourable swords(wo)man in the image of the Braavosi first sword. People are worried Arya's becoming a little sociopath, so Syrio pulling her back from that fate is a legitimate and reasonable comeback for the presumed dead swordmaster.
152	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	Dont wanna sound boneheaded about this, but what purpose does keeping Syrio alive serve? I would be disappointed if GRRM denied Syrio an honorable death, which is unlikely considering Martin's style.Some people think Syrio is Jaqen H'gar, or rather that both were to identities of the same faceless man. It's a bit far fetched though as some things must be really strained to add up.
153	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	Some people think Syrio is Jaqen H'gar, or rather that both were to identities of the same faceless man. It's a bit far fetched though as some things must be really strained to add up.Didnt he die/melted somehow? I always thought Jagen died too... If he aint dead as well I will go start reading Twilight.
154	The King's Foot	2011-05-04	My quick-hit thoughts on the episode:
 - Sean Bean is killing it as Ned, especially in this episode.  The scene with Jamie in the throne room...Sean Bean made Ned look super dangerous there, bringing some of that irish terrorist from Patriot Games into the eyes.  Jamie Lannister, you may be younger, a knight and a member of the elite Kingsguard, but Ned Stark's about to throw down and if looks could kill...
      - Add also the final look he gives Catelyn as she rides out of KL - if you're like me and watching this with a spouse / sig other who has not read the series, how hard was it not to blurt out that this is the last time they see each other alive??
 - The doll for Sansa: was it just me, or did anyone else hear Ned say "Here, this is from your Joff" when he handed it to her.  I've read posts in this and the other thread saying how this scene and the subsequent scenes with Arya show how Ned doesn't "get" Sansa (but does Arya) b/c he gave Sansa such a childish gift.  I was pretty sure watching this that the gift was from Joffrey, and since it followed the scene where Cersei advises Joff to do something nice for her, that made sense.  From her reaction you can gleam that, at least in the TV series, Sansa is pissed at Joff about Lady.  I think the writers are trying to keep viewers from despising Sansa by a)having Ned tell Arya why it was necessary for Sansa to stand by her man/boy; and b)showing Sansa as sullen and angry towards Joff due to Lady.  So, when Joff lays it on thick for her during the Hand's Tourney, we'll see her fall back in love with him.
 - Was anyone else annoyed that the uniqueness of Jamie's golden armor is not being represented?  We see Jamie in the gold armor earlier, and I was thinking "Cool! There's the famous golden armor of Jamie Lannister!".  Then we see Selmy wearing the same thing, and realize this is TV's version of the Kingsguard armor.  Bummer.
 - How badass/Jason Bourne-in-black was Jon Snow in this episode?  He needs to be built up as a character to survive some serious fighting later on, and I think the TV writers are actually doing a better job showing how good a fighter he is than GRRM did.
Overall, this episode felt the most "divergent" in terms of the # of scenes not in the actual book (Robert's drunken war stories, Jamie/Ned in the throne room, Cersei/Joff etc...even Ned watching Arya train was not in the books).  However, I still really enjoyed it, and frankly this episode helped me come to terms with how much the writers will have to deviate.  Simply put, there is too much plot and character development that happens inside characters' inner monologues - the writers have to create scenes out of thin air that will help them get their points across on what makes each character tick without resorting to some ghastly narrator.
155	Bishop437	2011-05-04	I cannot believe no one in this thread has wondered yet why Ghost wasn't in this episode.I started a whole thread just about that very thing... mabey thats why I hasn't been brought up here
156	Quithrill	2011-05-04	I notice alot of people griping that the Dany storyline isn't holding the interest of the nonreaders.  I recall that on my first read through I didn't give a damn about Dany either.  It just seemed like the narrative was ripping me away from the good stuff to show some girl travelling with a barbarian horde... again.  
It wasn't until the very last image of her very last scene that I was like "Oh shit!" and became interested in reading about her.  Granted, Dany has never been among my favorite perspectives but I'll take her over Brienne of Tarth any day.
					
					
							Edited by Quithrill, 04 May 2011 - 06:52 PM.
157	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-04	- The doll for Sansa: was it just me, or did anyone else hear Ned say "Here, this is from your Joff" when he handed it to her.  I've read posts in this and the other thread saying how this scene and the subsequent scenes with Arya show how Ned doesn't "get" Sansa (but does Arya) b/c he gave Sansa such a childish gift.  I was pretty sure watching this that the gift was from Joffrey, and since it followed the scene where Cersei advises Joff to do something nice for her, that made sense.  From her reaction you can gleam that, at least in the TV series, Sansa is pissed at Joff about Lady.  I think the writers are trying to keep viewers from despising Sansa by a)having Ned tell Arya why it was necessary for Sansa to stand by her man/boy; and b)showing Sansa as sullen and angry towards Joff due to Lady.  So, when Joff lays it on thick for her during the Hand's Tourney, we'll see her fall back in love with him.Ned says "this is for you, love."Welcome to the board, by the way!
158	Relic	2011-05-04	Didnt he die/melted somehow? I always thought Jagen died too... If he aint dead as well I will go start reading Twilight.Why would Jaqen be dead?
159	Bronn Stone	2011-05-04	-The Dany plotline has been the weakest part of the show, and I'm not particularly convinced by the show's depiction of her and Drogo's relationship at this point. It'd be nice to have some full dialogue scenes with Drogo and Dany so that them cuddling wouldn't come completely out of nowhere.Can't yet.  Don't share a language.  She's not learned enough to order duck and rabbit for dinner, let alone ask him how his day was trampling the peasants.  But she is learning.Edited to add: Wait!  I just noticed.  Ghost was NOT in that episode.  WTF is wrong with those people???
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 04 May 2011 - 08:00 PM.
160	Kaitscralt	2011-05-04	If the speculations are true he would be caught but not killed.The order was to kill Syrio, given by the knight he was last seen fighting.
161	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	Why would Jaqen be dead?Nvm, I just re-read that Arya chapter, my mistake. I guess reading the series on pot has its own disadvantages /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
162	legba11	2011-05-04	Ghost was in this episode.  He was hunting beyond the wall when Jon looked out.  He's Ghost, you just couldn't see him.
163	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-04	Nvm, I just re-read that Arya chapter, my mistake. I guess reading the series on pot has its own disadvantages /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Yes it makes for advantages as well though.../smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />A few thoughts on Jaqen that never made sense in all the times I've read the books.1. He's a bloody faceless man, how does he thrown in the black cells? they are only like the most elite assassins in the world. So assume he planted there.2. By who? Tyrion mentions the cost is astronomical and he is a Lannister. Varys? Petyr? The Grand Maester?3. If he was planted, then why the Wall, he has no knowledge of Arya until they are on the road. Yoren was only waiting for Eddard to leave, which means that Jaqen is already in the cart.4. If he was paid to make it to the wall, why is he in the Citadel now?
164	Relic	2011-05-04	Yes it makes for advantages as well though.../smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />A few thoughts on Jaqen that never made sense in all the times I've read the books.1. He's a bloody faceless man, how does he thrown in the black cells? they are only like the most elite assassins in the world. So assume he planted there.2. By who? Tyrion mentions the cost is astronomical and he is a Lannister. Varys? Petyr? The Grand Maester?3. If he was planted, then why the Wall, he has no knowledge of Arya until they are on the road. Yoren was only waiting for Eddard to leave, which means that Jaqen is already in the cart.4. If he was paid to make it to the wall, why is he in the Citadel now?Jaqen = Syrio answers some of this.
165	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-04	Jaqen = Syrio answers some of this.How so? Again, he was locked in a cart heading for the wall when Yoren finds Arya by chance. And again, if J=S then why wouldn't he just change his face and look for Arya? He was wanted dead by Trant, so if Trant wins the fight it is only by Syrio's death. If Syrio escapes Trant, change face and bounce. Why go through the whole black cell thingy?
166	Relic	2011-05-04	How so? Again, he was locked in a cart heading for the wall when Yoren finds Arya by chance. And again, if J=S then why wouldn't he just change his face and look for Arya? He was wanted dead by Trant, so if Trant wins the fight it is only by Syrio's death. If Syrio escapes Trant, change face and bounce. Why go through the whole black cell thingy?Well, Syrio might yield and allow himself to get captured. At some point in the Black Cells he turns into Jaqen. Sheer chance sends him north with Arya...It's not perfect, but it makes a lot more sense than a random faceless man stuck in the black cells. At least with the info we currently have.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 04 May 2011 - 09:26 PM.
167	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-04	Yes it makes for advantages as well though.../smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />A few thoughts on Jaqen that never made sense in all the times I've read the books.1. He's a bloody faceless man, how does he thrown in the black cells? they are only like the most elite assassins in the world. So assume he planted there.2. By who? Tyrion mentions the cost is astronomical and he is a Lannister. Varys? Petyr? The Grand Maester?3. If he was planted, then why the Wall, he has no knowledge of Arya until they are on the road. Yoren was only waiting for Eddard to leave, which means that Jaqen is already in the cart.4. If he was paid to make it to the wall, why is he in the Citadel now?It could well be that he was sent to kill someone (Ned?) in the dungeons, Yoren's untimely visit fucks everything up and etc. Stupid/Far fetched or not thats how I got along with the idea.
168	TerraPrime	2011-05-04	It could well be that he was sent to kill someone (Ned?) in the dungeons, Yoren's untimely visit fucks everything up and etc. Stupid/Far fetched or not thats how I got along with the idea.Still some pieces missing from this puzzle yet, imo. Not surprising, since we just started to see something about the Faceless Man in Feast. I think we will eventually get the full answer, but we don't have all the information yet.
169	Triskan	2011-05-04	Sorry if this has already been touched on, but here's a thought on a re-watch:The guy playing Benjen is INCREDIBLE.  The scene where he lays it our for Tyrion is so good.  An awesome highlight.  I sure hope we see him again.
170	tybeechris	2011-05-04	Yeah, me too.  It is awesome to see other people working through the storyline, much like I did when I first read the books.However, these people seem much smarter than me.  I never suspected Joffrey, and the whole R+L=J theory never occurred to me (mostly because I didn't really dwell on it) until my friend told me about it.I have no idea how they already have these theories and they have less information than I did when I first thought of them.  They are pretty damn smart over there.And I love how they refer to those of us who have read the books as "Bookwalkers" and they are members of the "Spitball Wall Watch".Bookwalkers. I like that.
171	tybeechris	2011-05-04	Sorry if this has already been touched on, but here's a thought on a re-watch:The guy playing Benjen is INCREDIBLE.  The scene where he lays it our for Tyrion is so good.  An awesome highlight.  I sure hope we see him again.He's leaving in the morning. No more Benjen.
172	Triskan	2011-05-04	He's leaving in the morning. No more Benjen.Yet.
173	arrowfan	2011-05-05	The guy playing Benjen is INCREDIBLE.  The scene where he lays it our for Tyrion is so good.  An awesome highlight.  I sure hope we see him again.No doubt, great stuff. Also like the follow up to that scene with Aemon and Mormont telling Tyrion about how dire the situation at the wall is.  Tyrion shows some genuine concern.Well besides Renly (and the jury is still out on Renly for me) the casting and acting is stellar.  Jon is quick becoming my new favorite character.   Just watched the ep for 3rd time. The scene with Robert chastising the Lannisters (Tywin and Jaime)... seems over the top.  I mean, Tywin is Robert's father-in-law, show some respect!  I suppose it sets up some sympathy for the Lannisters and portrays Robert as a rude drunk.  Not too far off from the truth.  The ending of that scene is pretty cool.  Robert asks Jaime what Aerys said as he killed him, "burn them all". Nice.
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 05 May 2011 - 12:53 AM.
174	shibby	2011-05-05	No doubt, great stuff. Also like the follow up to that scene with Aemon and Mormont telling Tyrion about how dire the situation at the wall is.  Tyrion shows some genuine concern.Well besides Renly (and the jury is still out on Renly for me) the casting and acting is stellar.  Jon is quick becoming my new favorite character.   Just watched the ep for 3rd time. The scene with Robert chastising the Lannisters (Tywin and Jaime)... seems over the top.  I mean, Tywin is Robert's father-in-law, show some respect!  I suppose it sets up some sympathy for the Lannisters and portrays Robert as a rude drunk.  Not too far off from the truth.  The ending of that scene is pretty cool.  Robert asks Jaime what Aerys said as he killed him, "burn them all". Nice.That wasn't Tywin.  That was Barristan.
175	arrowfan	2011-05-05	That wasn't Tywin.  That was Barristan.Right you are. He's even got the king's guard armor on.
176	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-05	Right you are. He's even got the king's guard armor on.Dude you watched the episode three times and did not notice the identical armor? let alone all the other obvious clues /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
177	WildlingGirl	2011-05-05	I know that everything has probably been discussed a thousand times over by now, but I just managed to watch the episode last night and I'd like to share a few thoughts (especially after I read five pages of the first discussion thread)... First off, about the Kingsguard. It has not been explicitly laid out in terms of the oath and the honour, let alone the parallels with the Night Watch... but we get the very distinguishable white-gold armour worn by more than one knights, and Robert's comment about Jaime being a "glorified sentry". Their cloaks also look white rather than gold. I have to say get that the Kingsguard in Robert's and Joffrey's regime were portrayed as not-quite-the-Kingsguard-of-old in the books as well, and we mostly get the appropriate awe from Ned's delirious dream, Bran's shattered dreams and Jaime's imprisoned introspection later on.I got who Barristan was right away, he fitted my mental image to the dot and clearly seems someone who Jaime wishes to impress, in contrast with his obvious disdain for wine-soaked Robert. Barristan also appears to submit to Robert's whims: if he wants to discuss first killings, he'll stand there and discuss them, unlike Jaime who asks "is that all, Your Grace" and goes. Lancel nailed it  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> Jaime's love for Cersei does come across to me, they've got lots of intimate screentime, and he's not supposed to be an all lovey-dovey eye-batting fop anyway, he's a gruff knight in a men's world and very arrogant to his own kin too. I've enjoyed all the scenes flexing his character out and recreating the flashbacks.Cersei for me should indeed be cunning, seemingly a caring mother while completely destroying her son as a future ruler, and certainly smarter than lackwit spoilt Joffrey - while she is still the wife of the King. It also struck me how her advice is congruent with her very female viewpoint, as a woman who taught herself "politics" because the men around her wouldn't bother. Politics that smack of teenage girl scheming as well, shows how little she's developed emotionally. Doesn't Tyrion reflect on all this later? It's even greater shown prominently because it will be more evident how she never realised how shitty things would become once she had Robert killed (DUH!) and the game of thrones started playing out with people she had never reckoned with, and who far outsmarted her. But the scene with Joffrey is also setting Cersei up for losing power in Tommen's reign, as she always groomed only Joffrey for ruling and paid little attention to the other children. Putting all her eggs in one basket - so silly of her  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />    Great scenes with Ned, Catelyn, and Sansa and Arya. Ned trying to give Sansa a doll at 14?! After he killed her direwolf himself?! Come on, she's still mourning Lady. It'll be even more poignant as Sansa never really stops mourning from now on, until she becomes Alayna Stone and can cast away her Stark tragedy cloak for a while. Very much Catelyn's daughter too!Loved Dany wrestling with her 14-year-old fear of Viserys and her wish/need to come across as more Khaleesi-like. Jorah choosing her and then obviously realising he has to report the news just ties in with Varys' all-knowing quips. By the way, I thought the whip-wielding Dothraki was Rakharo who then discussed armour and swords with Jorah. I felt Dany did know about the pregnancy, just not consciously - the satisfied smile said it all for me. And how she's brought Drogo around says it all for the power women could wield back then. Dear cameramen, please quit focussing on the dragon eggs, please!!!Have to say that casting of Varys, Littlefinger (complete with acid-dripping monologue), Grand Maester Pycelle, Commander Mormont, Syrio, Yoren, and Pyp and Grenn were all spot-on for me. Not at all Maester Aemon though - the guy did not come across as kindly and wise at all, just stuck up, bitter and biting his words off at Tyrion. I hope he loses some of the stiffness when Sam comes along!Finally, had to rewind the Syrio/Arya scene a few times, it was SO perfect and brought back fond memories of learning to fence and understanding the difference between the weapons and stances. Didn't know the actor was Greek, he came across as Spanish to me, like the Toledo assassins. Ned's face as he realised what teaching Arya to fence really meant was priceless, and great foreshadowing for her future career choice!Can't wait for the  Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things now!:Edited to change the font and to add that Old Nan was perfect and Bran wise beyond his years in the scene - I loved both!
					
					
							Edited by WildlingGirl, 05 May 2011 - 06:08 AM.
178	theMountainGoat	2011-05-05	WildlingGirl - the gold cloaks are the City Watch, Kingsguard have always been in white. Strictly speaking they should have had white armour too but apparently it looked terrible on camera.I'm willing to bet the series will skip the Lancel/Cersei shtooping, so we shouldnt get all caught up in how weenie, and unlike Jaime, he looks.I'd take this bet but at Belfast Moot 2 last October Eugene Simon (the actor playing Lancel) confirmed that there will be a flirtatious scene between his character and Cersei in this season. So long as it did not end up on the cutting room floor of course.So last night I was re-reading AGOT when something strange happened to my thought process during Bran IV. I thought 'oh no Tyrion doesn't arrive now, this is where Bran says "I'd rather be dead"'. Then I realised that was the TV show /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />With the show being such a close adaptation of the books I think over time there is going to be some blurring of the lines between which is which. Keeping them separate in our own heads is not going to be so easy with the show this good.
179	WildlingGirl	2011-05-05	lordMountainGoat,To clarify, Kingsguard's armour does look white-goldish to me, as in platinum is white gold. Their cloaks look whitish as well which is a good thing, not bad as my post seems to read in retrospect. As opposed to the City Guards who have burnished-gold chainmail armour and cloaks. A totally white armour would look like totally white limousines and some otherwise nice cars (BMW, Audi) look today, ie. totally ridiculous to me.In general, I take it that in location terms King's Landing is distinguished by the soft golden light that diffuses every scene, like the atmosphere in Mediterranean countries in spring, whereas Winterfell is cold grey and earthy, the Dothraki sea has a harsh desert light, and the Wall is permafrost white. In response to those who'd like to be told where each scene is staged, my non-reader boyfriend also commented on how the light and surroundings tell you everything at a glance.
					
					
							Edited by WildlingGirl, 05 May 2011 - 06:41 AM.
180	Smashing Young Man	2011-05-05	Does Jason Momoa have a great job or what? All he has to do is show up on set and have simulated sex with a naked Emilia Clarke.
181	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-05	Sorry if this has already been touched on, but here's a thought on a re-watch:The guy playing Benjen is INCREDIBLE.  The scene where he lays it our for Tyrion is so good.  An awesome highlight.  I sure hope we see him again.I with you on Benjen. Lets hope he is Coldhands. Otherwise that's the last we see of him.
182	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	To clarify, Kingsguard's armour does look white-goldish to me, as in platinum is white gold. Their cloaks look whitish as well which is a good thing, not bad as my post seems to read in retrospect. As opposed to the City Guards who have burnished-gold chainmail armour and cloaks.I thought the goldcloaks wore black chain... or was that just Janos Slynt?
183	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-05	Not at all Maester Aemon though - the guy did not come across as kindly and wise at all, just stuck up, bitter and biting his words off at Tyrion. I hope he loses some of the stiffness when Sam comes along!I think he will.  The point of that scene was to impress to Tyrion (and the audience) that the Night's Watch is a pale shadow of its former self and would be hard pressed to stop any sort of real threat from beyond the Wall.  Thus, the dramatic, almost desperate (and yes, overacted, scene-chewing) delivery from Aemon.  Additionally, Aemon's lines in the scene were spoken by Mormont in the book, but for whatever reason were rewritten for the show, which obviously altered the tone of the conversation.  I'll reserve judgment on the character til at least the next episode.
184	legba11	2011-05-05	Dany is 17 in the show.
The Kingsguard armor is plenty white, Ned even makes fun of it.  Does anyone really want them to look like stormtroopers?
185	Talleyrand	2011-05-05	I loved the episode except KL seems to tropical to me. I mean i get they're trying to show it's a world apart but the Stromlands are even further south and they're not tropical or anything plus None of the people even have tans which seems a bit odd for living in a place like that
186	MountainThatRides	2011-05-05	Boy, oh boy. It's so difficult to gauge my reaction to this show; it's so difficult to tell whether, as a reader and fan for many years, my expectations are too high, or if the show is doing the book a disservice with its additions and omissions. I believe it's the former, and attribute most of my trepidation to the simple fact that this story plays out so vividly (and specifically) in my head when I'm reading the books, and seeing it come to life is going to be disappointing in some way. So many page-to-screen adaptations suffer from this; people who have never read the books can embrace the show for what it is and be drawn in, while for those who've read the series, it's difficult to put the nitpicking aside entirely.As for the episode, I can see how non-readers would think it's the best yet. As readers, I believe that we at least partially judge the quality of an episode by its fidelity to the source material, and how many direct scenes/bits of dialogue make the jump to the screen. I know I do. Episode 2 was, I thought, very promising in how much of the book it gave us. There were a lot of little dialogue bits where I knew what was coming, and I could say the lines as the characters were saying them; in Episode 3, we got less of this, but the Syrio scene went a long way toward making up for it.Things with which I took issue:The lack of direwolves, I suppose, though I'm not so outraged about it as some people seem to be. I understand working with animals is a fickle endeavor, but their amount of screen time compared to their relevance to the story seems unfair. If it wasn't so expensive, I might not have minded a live-action/CGI mix for the wolves to at least suggest their presence in the post-production of certain scenes.The Cersei/Joffrey scene. I didn't like anything about it. The advice Cersei gave to Joffrey was okay at some points, but at others it was way uncharacteristic. It'd be more believable for Cersei to suggest he fuck Myrcella, or even Cersei herself, than "painted whores". Also, it put a great deal of emphasis on some northern/southern schism which is only a small cultural dichotomy in the book. The realm isn't really divided into northerners and southerners, not in that sense; the men of the north may view their southern counterparts with condescension, and vice versa, but it's the Seven Kingdoms, not the American Civil War. The standing army notion was also kind of ridiculous, though the way Cersei shot it down was somewhat redeeming.The Daenerys/Viserys scene where she wandered off randomly and he rushed in after her just as randomly. What the fuck? It would have taken 30 seconds to establish that scene more believably.The lone wolf speech. Of all the dialogue that made the transition from book to screen, I was counting on this one. It has such clear imagery and relevance to the plot, not to mention helps to establish Ned's philosophy on family. It makes no sense that they wouldn't use it.Things I enjoyed:The war stories scene. They could have introduced Barristan Selmy better, and it kind of made Robert look like a dick, but it helped to establish his "faded glory" mentality and the nostalgia he can't escape. They worked in mentions of Tarly (so in the next episode when Sam is introduced there will be a point of reference), plus Summerhall, the Kingswood Brotherhood, Simon Toyne, etc. Also, Robert making fun of Lancel was fantastic. Foreshadowed the "wineskin warrior" and helped to establish how Robert sees the Lannisters (i.e., a nest of vipers).Jorah and Rakharo comparing their weapons. The "steel dress" reference and the Dothraki's disdain for the Westerosi fighting style is important, and the fact that despite their views, the Dothraki in the khalasar clearly consider Jorah to be an accomplished warrior, which seems accurate to me. Arya and Syrio. Such a fan service, so delicious. Syrio didn't look like I imagined him, but that scene was satisfying as fuck. The dialogue was spot-on. The "men are made of water; pierce them, the water leaks out and they die" line made me smile like an idiot.All the other changes didn't make an impact on me one way or another. Most were necessary for pacing/casting reasons. The Wall is actually quite a large chunk of the first book, and they had to condense it down to fit with the linear storytelling. Donal Noye getting the axe was unsurprising, though I hope he'll make an appearance later on. I also hope Thorne is fleshed out more as a character, though at this point a bond has already formed between John, Pyp and Grenn, so the need for Ser Alliser as a common enemy is dwindling. The introduction of Sam (along with Rast and his croneys) might call for Thorne to show his true colors, and really establish the brotherhood between John, Sam, Pyp, Grenn, etc.Overall, I thought it was a good episode. A bit fast in the pacing, but the show is certainly becoming progressively more engrossing. Even some of my favorite shows didn't hook me right off the bat. Well, Rome did, but Deadwood and Firefly took maybe 2-3 episodes for me to be completely committed. The major problem being the high expectations as a reader, and having to constantly force myself to take the show for what it is and not grade it in comparison to the books. Most of the casting decisions are good, thankfully, though Catelyn should be sexier. Not a sexpot like Cersei, but she is a sexual being, in a very matronly medieval MILF sort of way. Like in the book when she's all naked and doesn't give a shit if Maester Luwin sees her red Tully bush because she's got a mystery to solve, yeeaaah! Best casting so far: Ned, Robert, Old Nan, Tyrion and Arya. Varys is pretty spot on, too.Most dubious casting so far: Renly and Littlefinger will have to grow on me. Also, I like the Hound but I think he should have a bit more fire in his belly. A bit more wrath and bitterness. He's just kind of dour and ho-hum. "Oh, yeah, he ran, just, you know, not very fast. Whatever. Fuck off, Stark, I'm all disinterested and shit, with my weird hair."Edit, quoted from Lothbrok:I loved the episode except KL seems to tropical to me. I mean i get they're trying to show it's a world apart but the Stromlands are even further south and they're not tropical or anything plus None of the people even have tans which seems a bit odd for living in a place like thatThat bothered me too. I could see the coasts of Dorne being tropical, with palm trees and what not, but King's Landing? The Stormlands and Crownlands (very close geographically) are clearly described as temperate. Like, in terms of European climate, I've always considered central Westeros (the Riverlands, Stormlands, Crownlands, the Reach and the West) to be like France/southern Germany, while the Vale was more like the Alps, the North was like Scotland and Dorne was like Spain. The palm trees were just jarring.
					
					
							Edited by MountainThatRides, 05 May 2011 - 10:50 AM.
187	Xenophon	2011-05-05	The Cersei/Joffrey scene. I didn't like anything about it. The advice Cersei gave to Joffrey was okay at some points, but at others it was way uncharacteristic. It'd be more believable for Cersei to suggest he fuck Myrcella, or even Cersei herself, than "painted whores". ...The lone wolf speech. Of all the dialogue that made the transition from book to screen, I was counting on this one. It has such clear imagery and relevance to the plot, not to mention helps to establish Ned's philosophy on family. It makes no sense that they wouldn't use it. ...Jorah and Rakharo comparing their weapons.I took that line about painted whores to be Cersei's rage towards Robert bubbling over. TV Cersei vs book Cersei, and all that.  Also, I don't think even book-Cersei was pro-incest in general. Totally agree about the lone wolf.  The scene was good as is, but it could have been much better with GRRM's dialogue.Is it just me, or does Rakharo look (how to say this nicely?) a little soft for a Dothraki warrior?  I like the actor, he was great in the Borgias, but he's just not that intimidating looking.  Jason Momoa could break him with one glance.
188	Toe	2011-05-05	That bothered me too. I could see the coasts of Dorne being tropical, with palm trees and what not, but King's Landing? The Stormlands and Crownlands (very close geographically) are clearly described as temperate. Like, in terms of European climate, I've always considered central Westeros (the Riverlands, Stormlands, Crownlands, the Reach and the West) to be like France/southern Germany, while the Vale was more like the Alps, the North was like Scotland and Dorne was like Spain. The palm trees were just jarring.They also changed to climate at the Wall to almost arctic when there was no snow there at beginning of the series (except the Wall itself).
189	The King's Foot	2011-05-05	Not at all Maester Aemon though - the guy did not come across as kindly and wise at all, just stuck up, bitter and biting his words off at Tyrion. Totally agree.  Even said to my wife (who's reading through AGoT for the first time as we watch) that Maester Aemon isn't supposed to be like that at all.  In the books he seems "above it all" in addition to being kind and wise.  He's seen (no pun intended) good times and bad times, been through all the ups and downs, and he's supposed to be this calming, wise influence - not this bitter old man.  It's only one scene, so there's certainly time to correct the portrayal, but I'm not a fan of Angry Aemon.
190	MountainThatRides	2011-05-05	I took that line about painted whores to be Cersei's rage towards Robert bubbling over. TV Cersei vs book Cersei, and all that.  Also, I don't think even book-Cersei was pro-incest in general. Totally agree about the lone wolf.  The scene was good as is, but it could have been much better with GRRM's dialogue.Is it just me, or does Rakharo look (how to say this nicely?) a little soft for a Dothraki warrior?  I like the actor, he was great in the Borgias, but he's just not that intimidating looking.  Jason Momoa could break him with one glance.Yeah, Rakharo isn't quite fearsome, but I believe in the book he's fairly young so I guess it's acceptable. Momoa doesn't really get to act much, the character is kind of fenced in because of the language, but he certainly looks the part for Khal Drogo. Very visually impressive.Regarding the lone wolf thing, and the dialogue in general, I find that a lot of the changes they make are unnecessary. Martin's dialogue is great and really lends itself to television; when they use some of his dialogue and change other parts, or add their own scenes, you can kind of sense the difference and I think it disrupts the flow in a very minor way. It's not very noticeable but it's there. Can't really fault them, though; there's no way they'd be able to use everything he wrote line for line. Though, "the King eats and the Hand takes the shit" is better than "the King shits and the Hand wipes", though I suppose they both amount to the same meaning.
191	The King's Foot	2011-05-05	One other thing I think I noticed was that in the opening credits, the locations were slightly different...we got the Wall and Winterfell and KL, but instead of Pentos we got Vaes Dothrak/Dothraki Sea.  Am I imagining this?  What this would imply is maybe the opening credits for each episode will vary based on which locations are being featured that week. That would be super badass in my opinion.
192	MountainThatRides	2011-05-05	One other thing I think I noticed was that in the opening credits, the locations were slightly different...we got the Wall and Winterfell and KL, but instead of Pentos we got Vaes Dothrak/Dothraki Sea.  Am I imagining this?  What this would imply is maybe the opening credits for each episode will vary based on which locations are being featured that week. That would be super badass in my opinion.That's exactly what they're doing. They alter the opening credits to show the locations which will feature in the episode. This will come in very handy once the war breaks out and people are spread all over the damn place. It'll give non-readers a better understanding of the characters' geographic relation to each other, and the size/scope of the realm.Also, to concur, it is super badass. Not Gregor Clegane badass, but, you know. Maybe Bronn level of badass, which is pretty fucking badass.
					
					
							Edited by MountainThatRides, 05 May 2011 - 11:08 AM.
193	Ser Greguh	2011-05-05	One other thing I think I noticed was that in the opening credits, the locations were slightly different...we got the Wall and Winterfell and KL, but instead of Pentos we got Vaes Dothrak/Dothraki Sea.  Am I imagining this?  What this would imply is maybe the opening credits for each episode will vary based on which locations are being featured that week. That would be super badass in my opinion.This is correct.  They also thankfully fixed the wrong sigils being placed next to the actors' names now that the cast list looks a little bit different.
194	legba11	2011-05-05	The opening credits rock.  And yes, they are changing.  Sadly, this season we won't see much of it.
As for missing characters, get used to it.  As it is, HBO is terrified the audience will become confused by the huge changing cast (look how much effort they have put into getting "guides" out there).  They cannot make the show just to make the fans happy.  We are going to watch it anyway unless it's awful (I'm pretty sure we'll get 97% saying it's not awful).  To make this worth the massive cost, it must appeal to the rest of the world.
Think of the major players we have been introduced to, so far:
Ned, Catelyn, + 5 kids (Rikkon is clearly going to as insignificant as he is in the books)
3 Lannisters + Joffery
Robert, Renly, Varys, Littlefinger (I leave Pycelle off the list of major players)
Dany, Drogo, Viserys, Mormont x 2
This season we will also meet:
Theon (We'll be formally introduced) and Tywin (briefly in flashbacks I assume) (Does Lyssa count? she will disappear again for a long time)
Thats 22, that's a big number for a TV series.
Granted, 4 of them will be dead before the season finale.
195	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-05	This season we will also meet:Theon (We'll be formally introduced) and Tywin (briefly in flashbacks I assume) (Does Lyssa count? she will disappear again for a long time)Tywin will be in the season in person. He is fighting a war and will have several scenes with Tyrion who's come back from the Eyrie.And speaking of missing characters in general, they can't really put any more in as there's hardly room to flesh out the ones that are already in as it is.
196	Maltaran	2011-05-05	This is correct.  They also thankfully fixed the wrong sigils being placed next to the actors' names now that the cast list looks a little bit different.I noticed Aiden Gillen had a mockingbird sigil this week.
197	Cereal Forel	2011-05-05	This series has always suffered this problem, even in print. I don't think anyone could name off even 1/3 of the minor characters after their first read of GoT.
198	Xxtayce	2011-05-05	The Cersei/Joffrey scene. I didn't like anything about it. The advice Cersei gave to Joffrey was okay at some points, but at others it was way uncharacteristic. It'd be more believable for Cersei to suggest he fuck Myrcella, or even Cersei herself, than "painted whores". Also, it put a great deal of emphasis on some northern/southern schism which is only a small cultural dichotomy in the book. The realm isn't really divided into northerners and southerners, not in that sense; the men of the north may view their southern counterparts with condescension, and vice versa, but it's the Seven Kingdoms, not the American Civil War. The standing army notion was also kind of ridiculous, though the way Cersei shot it down was somewhat redeeming.The Daenerys/Viserys scene where she wandered off randomly and he rushed in after her just as randomly. What the fuck? It would have taken 30 seconds to establish that scene more believably.Cersei/Joffrey -- I thought the "you can't hold the north" was a line from the books. Maybe not from her to him, but I swear I remember someone saying it somewhere. (Then again, that could just be because I've watched the episodes several times and haven't read the books in about a year...)Dany/Viserys -- My husband (a non-reader!) thought she wandered off to be sick due to the pregnancy, after that part was revealed. Viserys probably was watching Dany like a hawk anyway so it wasn't so random for him to rush after her.This  series has always suffered this problem, even in print. I don't think  anyone could name off even 1/3 of the minor characters after their first  read of GoT.Double ditto! I already did a who's who writeup for my coworkers who I've gotten addicted to the series.And where's The Bear's crow? /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Xxtayce, 05 May 2011 - 02:29 PM.
199	Trackrunner	2011-05-05	I noticed Aiden Gillen had a mockingbird sigil this week.Was it a mockingbird?  For some reason I thought it was the falcon of the Arryns.  The mockingbird makes more sense for LF, of course, but I thought they might just be lumping him in as a bannerman to the Vale.
200	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	Was it a mockingbird?  For some reason I thought it was the falcon of the Arryns.  The mockingbird makes more sense for LF, of course, but I thought they might just be lumping him in as a bannerman to the Vale.I definitely got mockingbird out of it. It was different from Lysa's falcon, I think, but I'll have to look again to be sure. From memory, I was thinking the falcon was a bird of prey sitting in profile, while the mockinbird had spread wings? Again, not positive, but that's what I'm remembering.
201	Joanna vander Poele	2011-05-05	Dang, Cersei is a nutter, but I seriously doubt she'll tell Joff he could bang Myrcella! Somehow I don't think she'd be too pleased if she found the two of them together.
Incest is so relative.
202	legba11	2011-05-05	Thanks for the correction, I often blur where one book ends and the next begins.  I thought Book 2 began with Tywin to coming to KL
203	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-05	That's exactly what they're doing. They alter the opening credits to show the locations which will feature in the episode. This will come in very handy once the war breaks out and people are spread all over the damn place. It'll give non-readers a better understanding of the characters' geographic relation to each other, and the size/scope of the realm.Also, to concur, it is super badass. Not Gregor Clegane badass, but, you know. Maybe Bronn level of badass, which is pretty fucking badass.Hi all! Been reading on here for quite some time, but just had to jump on and say thanks for showing some Bronn love! He is one of my favorite characters, but there's so many... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
204	Aganerral	2011-05-05	Yes it makes for advantages as well though.../smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />A few thoughts on Jaqen that never made sense in all the times I've read the books.1. He's a bloody faceless man, how does he thrown in the black cells? they are only like the most elite assassins in the world. So assume he planted there.2. By who? Tyrion mentions the cost is astronomical and he is a Lannister. Varys? Petyr? The Grand Maester?3. If he was planted, then why the Wall, he has no knowledge of Arya until they are on the road. Yoren was only waiting for Eddard to leave, which means that Jaqen is already in the cart.4. If he was paid to make it to the wall, why is he in the Citadel now?Aside form the possible Syrio = Jaqen theory, elite doesn't mean infallible.  It's possible that he got intercepted at some point on whatever his mission was - maybe he was witnessed killing his target or someone whose identity he wanted to take and was arrested.  I know we're not big fans of the City Guard, but they're probably not totally inept and corrupt.  I'm more inclined to think that Jaqen actually got caught at something than he's such a Master of the Xanatos Gambit (warning, TV tropes link)that he'll get thrown in a dngeon and dragged halfway to the wall as part of his plan to do whatever.  I think (if he's not Syrio) he got caught while in the Jaqen disguise, and maintained the role until it was 100% safe to change it, since changing would reveal that he was a faceless man and probably get him executed on the spot.
205	MountainThatRides	2011-05-05	Cersei/Joffrey -- I thought the "you can't hold the north" was a line from the books. Maybe not from her to him, but I swear I remember someone saying it somewhere. (Then again, that could just be because I've watched the episodes several times and haven't read the books in about a year...)The line itself is familiar, though I don't recall whereabouts. Regarding my comments vis a vis Joffrey and Myrcella, I was joking. I don't think Cersei would ever be the first to bring up incest -- when we're living a lie, we dance very carefully around the subject -- nor would she ever advise Joffrey in such a way. I just didn't think the scene was that great; it might have done a bit more for Cersei's character, but I feel like she's very well established. Already we see her as sympathetic regarding her motivations and how they relate to her children, which isn't really something I picked up on in the books until Clash of Kings. Admittedly, that may be attributed to my disinterest in Cersei as a character.Dany/Viserys -- My husband (a non-reader!) thought she wandered off to be sick due to the pregnancy, after that part was revealed. Viserys probably was watching Dany like a hawk anyway so it wasn't so random for him to rush after her.The morning sickness explanation is a good one, but from what I saw it seemed like she was perhaps repulsed by the slavery she witnessed.And where's The Bear's crow? /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Man, where is that damn crow? I'm going to be sad when it never shows up to shit on Mormont's shoulder (or as a device of cryptic foreshadowing).
206	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	Man, where is that damn crow? I'm going to be sad when it never shows up to shit on Mormont's shoulder (or as a device of cryptic foreshadowing). /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Corn!
207	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	I definitely got mockingbird out of it. It was different from Lysa's falcon, I think, but I'll have to look again to be sure. From memory, I was thinking the falcon was a bird of prey sitting in profile, while the mockinbird had spread wings? Again, not positive, but that's what I'm remembering.Looks like I had it backwards: HBO Guide for House ArrynHere are links to the actual images HBO is using:House Arryn LogoHouse Baelish Logo
208	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-05	What's interesting, and it seems to be the achilles heel of all screen adaptations of literary works, is that people who don't know the books tend to like non-book scenes the least (lots of hate directed towards the Bob/Barristan/Jaime/Lancel scene). 
In this case, basically any scene that doesn't involve a book PoV character tends to get more criticism from people who haven't read the books than scenes which involve book PoV characters. Interesting that.
Of course there are scenes involving PoV chatracters that don't exist in the book. The only one I've seen much commentary on is the Robb/Bran/Old Nan scene, which seems mostly to be getting criticism for Robb's bland acting rather than its writing.
209	Kat	2011-05-05	The Cersei/Joffrey scene. I didn't like anything about it. The advice Cersei gave to Joffrey was okay at some points, but at others it was way uncharacteristic. It'd be more believable for Cersei to suggest he fuck Myrcella, or even Cersei herself, than "painted whores".Dang, Cersei is a nutter, but I seriously doubt she'll tell Joff he could bang Myrcella! Somehow I don't think she'd be too pleased if she found the two of them together.Incest is so relative.I took that part of Joffrey and Cersei's conversation as a pointed, bitter commentary by Cersei on what Robert was like as a husband and king. She's not going to confess to incest to her son, who thinks that Robert is actually his father. He might let it slip.
210	Eponine	2011-05-05	Man, where is that damn crow? I'm going to be sad when it never shows up to shit on Mormont's shoulder (or as a device of cryptic foreshadowing).Oh you must be kidding me. That damn crow is the most irritating thing in the books. I might like Jon better if his POV chapters didn't have the two worst things in them (the second being - you know nothing, Jon Snow).Of course there are scenes involving PoV chatracters that don't exist in the book. The only one I've seen much commentary on is the Robb/Bran/Old Nan scene, which seems mostly to be getting criticism for Robb's bland acting rather than its writing.The white walkers dialog was very close to what was in the book, but in the book, then Robb comes in because Tyrion and Yoren have arrived. Whatever replaced it mustn't have been too awesome since I can't even remember it.
211	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-07	Yeah, me too.  It is awesome to see other people working through the storyline, much like I did when I first read the books.However, these people seem much smarter than me.  I never suspected Joffrey, and the whole R+L=J theory never occurred to me (mostly because I didn't really dwell on it) until my friend told me about it.I have no idea how they already have these theories and they have less information than I did when I first thought of them.  They are pretty damn smart over there.And I love how they refer to those of us who have read the books as "Bookwalkers" and they are members of the "Spitball Wall Watch".I am now also completely addicted to that thread. The speed (and accuracy!) with which they come up with some of their speculations sometimes makes me feel downright stupid! But, as noted, having a whole week and a whole lot of other people to "spitball" with probably does help fill in the blanks a lot faster. And in a way, I'm glad they already figure Ned dies. That was the first REAL shock when I read them years ago... (Actually just finished that chapter again, and it wasn't any easier.)
212	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-07	I am now also completely addicted to that thread. The speed (and accuracy!) with which they come up with some of their speculations sometimes makes me feel downright stupid! But, as noted, having a whole week and a whole lot of other people to "spitball" with probably does help fill in the blanks a lot faster. And in a way, I'm glad they already figure Ned dies. That was the first REAL shock when I read them years ago... (Actually just finished that chapter again, and it wasn't any easier.)And to completely hijack your post shamelessly I have to add I cant wait for Bronn's trial by combat scene. Sorry but your username compelled me to say that.
213	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-07	And to completely hijack your post shamelessly I have to add I cant wait for Bronn's trial by combat scene. Sorry but your username compelled me to say that.I totally agree! Poor Ser Vardis didn't know what he was getting himself into... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
214	TerraPrime	2011-05-07	I never got the Bronn love. He's an opportunistic mercenary who knows how to fight dirty and is not shy about doing it. Hurray?
215	Maltaran	2011-05-07	I never got the Bronn love. He's an opportunistic mercenary who knows how to fight dirty and is not shy about doing it. Hurray?I see a number of parallels to Boba Fett here.
216	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-08	I never got the Bronn love. He's an opportunistic mercenary who knows how to fight dirty and is not shy about doing it. Hurray?It's more about his personality than his fighting prowess I'd say. He's a common sellsword but is still not afraid to say what he wants and he has a good deal of funny comments. Pretty much the perfect companion for Tyrion.
217	NW Deserter	2011-05-08	I never got the Bronn love. He's an opportunistic mercenary who knows how to fight dirty and is not shy about doing it. Hurray?You basically just described why he's an awesome character. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
218	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-08	I never got the Bronn love. He's an opportunistic mercenary who knows how to fight dirty and is not shy about doing it. Hurray?Well as someone who is not of noble blood, he either had to become a nobody(farmer,butcher etc) and lead a peasant life, or become a mercenary get paid for being a warrior and have a chance to some day get close to a noble lord. Do you blame him for becoming a lord from being a low born mercenary?
219	RSasoiaf	2011-05-09	Just the few things i found odd:
- Joffrey saying he doesnt want to marry Sansa. Why the hell???? She did nothing to him!!! And she is still hot for their age. I dont recall Joffrey being romantic or whatever. Also, this will be weird as soon enough it will look like he wants to marry her again. The series Joffrey is not only a spoilled jerk, he is also a sissy and he doesnt even make sense......he is totally wrong. Makes for a good bad guy but its a bit over the top......nothing we havent seen in the series /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> altough i do understand creative freadom.
- Danny and Viserys scnene: I had this one spotted since the previews. They defenetely messed this one up. And this time, it didnt look really better due to the changes. This is one of the very few instances where i dont get why they changed it. I get that they are playing Danny a lot more like a Mary Sue (welcome aboard Danny hatters!) and that explains why she doesnt give the order against Viserys....but still, the changing of th set and the lack of reason for her to stop did nothing to improve the scene.
- Arya welcoming Nedd sword in hand: This was odd!!!! I´m getting used to feelling odd on Arya scenes and Maisie still manages to pull it out for me. But....really.....what were they thinking??? Arya as been given that sword in secrecy, she is affraid that she may not be able to keep it.....and.....when her father knocks on the door....she quetly goes and opens the door holding Needle like the most natural thing in the world.....What the......that was odd!!! And even more odd, Nedd didnt seem to notice for a few seconds.....it´s like.....your 11 year old daughter is just holding a sword in front of you and you know she may be angry....he should be a bit freaked out if Arya really did that. I know this is medieval times....still....try to imagine: You just told your kid to go to the room and expect some punishment and when you knock the kid is holding a gun in front of you......you would be freaked out!!!!!
220	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-11	That's exactly how it happened in the book, RSasoiaf . Arya was deep in her thoughts and forgot she had it in her hand when she opened the door to let her father in. Ned probably wasn't surprised at first because he's used to Arya playing with weapons she's not supposed to be and may not have even realized it was real until he examined it closely.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 11 May 2011 - 11:17 AM.
221	RSasoiaf	2011-05-11	That's exactly how it happened in the book, RSasoiaf . Arya was deep in her thoughts and forgot she had it in her hand when she opened the door to let her father in. Ned probably wasn't surprised at first because he's used to Arya playing with weapons she's not supposed to be and may not have even realized it was real until he examined it closely.Our mind plays tricks on us /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ohhh well...i do not own the truth. Still, it felt odd to me when seing it. It was one of those moments where a child´s reaction is allways: "ouch, fathers comming....hide everything!!!"Maybe in the book it was not so obvious as it was on screen and i did not notice it that much /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
222	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-11	I do think it helps that in the book we see what her thoughts are so it's easy for us readers to forget she has it in her hand too. This is one of the many examples about how challenging this series can be to adapt in a different medium. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Perhaps they could have changed it, had her try and hide it quickly and sloppily enough that Ned sees it when he comes into room. I didn't think it was that jarring of a scene on the show, but this one could argue it might have been better had they not been so faithful to the text in this instance.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 11 May 2011 - 02:19 PM.
223	PestilencE	2011-05-14	Was anyone else bugged by the fact that they didn't really show that Ned had a retinue upon his arrival? I mean, it looks like just him, several houseguards, and his two daughters on a shabby cart. Lacks grandness, and people may be confused later on, when the fighting breaks, and Ned suddenly seems to have a lot of people out of nowhere.
224	Uruk-hai	2011-05-16	Was anyone else bugged by the fact that they didn't really show that Ned had a retinue upon his arrival? I mean, it looks like just him, several houseguards, and his two daughters on a shabby cart. Lacks grandness, and people may be confused later on, when the fighting breaks, and Ned suddenly seems to have a lot of people out of nowhere.IIRC, in the book, Ned keeps his party separate from Robert's after the Lady incident. The show doesn't address this directly, but I thought that shot was a nod to it.
225	Th3 Alchemist	2011-07-20	Hmmm, well there was a very interesting thing that i noticed while rewatching the 3rd episode of GoT Series. When Arya and Syrio are practicing in the courtyard, they are using wooden sticks. Then Eddard Stark walks in and observes. Here's the interesting part. You hear Real Swords clashing in the background while Sean Bean's face goes from *Proud of his Daughter* to Sad. All the while Syrio is thwarting all of Arya's attempts and repeating "Dead, Dead, Dead". Keeping the fact in mind that Arya is known to bear a significant resemblance to Lyanna Stark. Did we just got a glimpse of what happened at the Tower of Joy at the night of Lyanna's Death?
					
					
							Edited by Th3 Alchemist, 20 July 2011 - 02:45 AM.
226	Th3 Alchemist	2011-07-20	Hmmm, well there was a very interesting thing that i noticed while rewatching the 3rd episode of GoT Series. When Arya and Syrio are practicing in the courtyard, they are using wooden sticks. Then Eddard Stark walks in and observes. Here's the interesting part. You hear Real Swords clashing in the background while Sean Bean's face goes from *Proud of his Daughter* to Sad. All the while Syrio is thwarting all of Arya's attempts and repeating "Dead, Dead, Dead". Keeping the fact in mind that Arya is known to bear a significant resemblance to Lyanna Stark. Did we just got a glimpse of what happened at the Tower of Joy at the night of Lyanna's Death?
227	The hairy bear	2011-07-25	Well, most people seem to interpret it as just Ned remembering what real was is like, and wondering if he is taking the right decision when teaching her daughter how to kill even if it starts as a game.
228	Hear Katy Roar	2012-05-29	Hello Everbody, first time / long time here.
I think the end of this episode gave us the best clue of all, of what really happened, at the Tower of Joy.
Watch the sword fight scene with Syrio at the end.  Listen to the sound effects.  Watch very closely Ned's face, especially when Syrio gets his last "death" blow landed. 
I think this is foreshadowing what will be later revealed about the fight between the Kingsguard, Ned and his northmen, and Lyanna Stark. 
What this suggested to me, and again this is of course specualtion, is quite the fight ensued, and Lyanna "got in the way", either in an effort to plead end the battle, support one side or the other, or simply bad luck.  This produced a mortal wound from which she would later die.
I ask those interested, again, to review the last scene of this episode, watch closely Arya and Syrio's battle, and at the very end, it looks like Syrio "sticks" Arya... and the look on Ned's face...
I'm telling you, he was thinking of the Tower of Joy.  This is a big clue IMO.
Sorry if discussed already elsewhere.  Great board, thanks for it.
Best
Scott Perrell
Long Island NY
229	The_Halfhand	2011-05-02	1.  Changed:  Ned's arrival at king's Landing
In the book, when Ned is immediately summoned to the small council, he refuses because he's just had a long journey, but quickly decides not to shun the other council members upon his arrival.  In the show, he goes immidiately without bickering.  In the book, he chooses to change his clothes quickly to look presentable.  In the show, when the steward recommends he make himself look presentable, Ned gives him the evil eye.  What's up with that?
2.  Added:  Jamie meets Ned in the Throne Room
In the book, Ned goes straight to the room of the Small Council where we're first introduced to Littlefinger, Varys, and Grand Maester Pycel.  In the show, he first goes to the throne room where Jamie Lannister is waiting for him.
3.  Changed:  "The King Eats, And The Hand Takes The Shit..."
In the book, there is a saying "What the King dreams, the Hand Builds," but Robert communicates the more common phrase "The King eats, and the hand takes the shit" to Ned.  But in the show, it has been changed to the less poetic "The King Shits, and the Hand wipes."  Yet another odd change of dialogue for no apparent reason.
4.  Added:  Jamie's account of the death's of Ned's brother and father.
I believe this was internal monologue from Storm of Swords with Jamie remembering how ned's brother and father were killed by King Aerys, but they fit it into the scene with Ned and Jamie.
5.  Changed:  No Barriston Selmy
The first meeting with the Small Council is largely unchanged from the book, but even though we meet Renly, we have yet to meet Ser Barriston Selmy, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
6.  Added:  Cercei tending Joffrey's wounds
Seeing Cercei attend Joffrey's wounds, and Joffrey showing his insecurities, and unwillingness to marry Sansa.  Quite a different Joffrey from the one in the books.  Also, Cercei suggesting Joffrey fuck whores is entirely out of character for her.  And Cercei's advice to Joffrey about his conquest of the North was far too shrewd for her.
7.  Changed:  Sansa and Arya eating
In the book, this scene happens much later after the arrival in King's Landing and definitely after Ned meets with Catelyn.  In the book, its a dinner scene in the Small Hall, and the Hand's Tourney is discussed.  In the book, after Ned leaves, Arya runs away angry from Septa Mordane and runs to her room, where Ned later finds her and talks to her.  In the show, Ned sends her to her room.
8.  Added:  Ned and Arya's talk of Joffrey
This quick exchange about Joffrey being a liar was not in the book.
9.  Changed:  Ned's talk of survival in the winter
No talk of the lone wolf dying while the pack survives.  Kind-of important symbolism completely left out of the show.
10.  Left Out:  Bran's dream of the three-eyed crow.
Old Nan's reference to the crow is kinda odd since there was no set up of the three-eyed crow.
11.  Changed:  Bran's scene with Old Nan
No mention of "Brandon the Builder" in this scene.  And Rob does not come to him in the book, instead its Maester Luwin and Hodor, who take him down to the Hall to sit with Rob, who is meeting with Tyrion Lannister on his way back from the Wall.  Obviously, this scene was moved up in the timeline of the TV show, and Bran sits and talks to Rob and talks about losing the use of his legs.
12.  Changed:  Catelyn's arrival in King's Landing
In the book, she arrives by sea and gets to King's Landing before Ned.
13.  Changed:  Catelyn's meeting with Littlefinger
In the book, it was the Tyroshi merchant Moreo who ratted out Catelyn's arrival to Littlefinger.  In the book, she's staying in an Inn and is summoned by men of the City Watch while Ser Roderick is away, and taken to Littlefinger's Brothel.
14.  Added:  Tyrion's scene with Commander Mormont at the Wall
In the book Tyrion never witnessed Ser Allister's training of the boys with Mormont, and Mormont never inexplicably gave Tyrion the message from Winterfell about Bran's revival.
15.  Changed:  Jon's conversation with Donal Noye
In the book, the one-armed smith of the Night's Watch, Donel Noye, is the man who points out Jon's "bullying" of the recruits.  In the show, they gave these lines to Tyrion.  Also, in the book, it's Grenn's wrist Jon injured, not his nose, and the others were not present during Jon's lecture.
16:  Added:  Cercei and Jamie arguing about Bran
Yet another scene told in flashback in a Storm of Swords moved up to the TV show.
17: Added:  Robert talking with Ser Barriston Selmy
Robert recounts killing a Tarly boy as his first kill in battle to Ser Barristan.  We also get to meet Lancel in this scene, and get the story of Jamie fighting the Kingswood Brotherhood, yet another bit of info from a Storm of Swords moved up to game of Thrones.  This scene was not in the book, and only serves to make Robert seem like a true ass hole.
18.  Changed:  The Dothraki Sea
In the book, Danny rides off alone on her horse into the Dothraki sea after commanding the khalasar to halt and wait for her.  In the TV show she dismounts and wanders off for no apparent reason.  Also, in the book, she's the one who commands Viserys to walk back to camp without a horse... something that has much more meaning in the book than it did in the show having Jhogo make that decision.  Also, in the book it was made clear Viserys was enraged after Mormont told him to stay on the ridge.  In the TV show, it seemed a little odd that Viserys would fly off the handle without recieving a direct command.
19.  Changed:  Jon's final meeting with Benjen Stark.
In the book, the meeting happened as Benjen was riding out for his ranging, not at the top of the Wall.
20.  Changed:  Tyrion's meeting in the feast hall of Castle Black
We finally get a proper introduction to Yoren, who seems much less sour than he was in the books.  And for some reason, Benjen Stark is given all of Allister Thorne's hostility towards Tyrion.
21.  Changed:  The revelation of Danny's Pregnancy
slight change from the books.  Danny is practicing her dothraki when Jhiqui tells her she's pregnant.  In the book, Danny already knows.  In the show, it takes Danny by surprise.
22.  Added:  Mormont's scene with Jhogo, discussing weapons and armor
This was not in the books.  And in the books, Jorah never left the khalasar to ride to Quohor after discovering danny was pregnant.
23. Removed:  Jon offering his help to Grenn and embarassing Thorne
Though we see Jon in the yard helping Grenn and Pyp, we don't see the transformation he goes through in the books heading into the feast hall to offer his help, and making fun of Ser Allister.
24.  Changed:  Tyrion's talk with Mormont and Maester Aemon
Many of Mormont's lines were given to Maester Aemon, who comes off more dour and crabby than he does in the books.  In the books, the conversation he has with Mormont about the state of the Night's Watch is done alone, at night by a fire.  Here, its done with both Mormont and Maester Aemon during the day.
25.  Added:  Danny and Drogo in bed
The scene where she tells Drogo her child will be a boy was not in the book.
26.  Added:  Tyrion pissing off the top of the wall
In the book, Tyrion never actually pissed off the edge of the world.  However, they seemed to feel the need to show that in the TV series.  Also, Jon did not ask Tyrion to help Bran, as he did in the book.  And they completely left out the whole "friendship" affirmation that preceded the final handshake between Jon and Tyrion.
27.  Changed:  Ned watching Arya with Syrio Forell
In the books, Ned was never present at any of Arya's trainings.  Also, Syrio Forell was bald in the book.
Overall, I thought the pace of this episode was much to fast, and the writers are yet again making strange changes to iconic lines and scenes.  The best scene in my opinion was Arya and Syrio, since it was the most faithful to the books and worked the best in the show.  Honestly, many of these changes are just unnecessary.  Makes me wonder why the producers are doing these changes.
Also:  NO GHOST AGAIN!!!!  What is up with that?  And come to think of it, no sight of Mormont's crow either.  :-(
					
					
							Edited by The_Halfhand, 02 May 2011 - 02:20 AM.
230	reiver	2011-05-02	Pretty full summary of the changes there. One that i thought was very weird was the change to the Ned/Renly dialogue in the council meeting. Since this is the first time the viewers meet Renly the book dialogue, or at least the jist of it, would make a perfect intro to the character. By having ned say that Renly is the image of his brother it puts in an important plot point and also establishes who the character is and why he's there. It seems strange to leave out this possibility for a rather artful intro.
I didn't like the two added scenes early on: Jamie/Ned and Cersei/Joff. I'm not sure how much this is my inner book geek screaming wrong when they say something that seems out of character or whether the scenes just don't work though. 
The Brandon the builder change was a good one imo. By changing it to him liking stories about Dunk it fits his character's dreams of Knighthood. Brandon the builder always strikes me as more the stories Bran would come to prefer. I loved this scene. Old Nan's voice is perfect.
Most of the changes baffle me as well. Maybe it's that i'm too used to the books but certainly the changes seem to be driven by a desire to change rather than to clarify what's covered by internal monologue and description which leaves the lines and speeches feeling poorer.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 02 May 2011 - 06:41 AM.
231	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	18. Changed: The Dothraki SeaIn the book, Danny rides off alone on her horse into the Dothraki sea after commanding the khalasar to halt and wait for her. In the TV show she dismounts and wanders off for no apparent reason. Also, in the book, she's the one who commands Viserys to walk back to camp without a horse... something that has much more meaning in the book than it did in the show having Jhogo make that decision. Also, in the book it was made clear Viserys was enraged after Mormont told him to stay on the ridge. In the TV show, it seemed a little odd that Viserys would fly off the handle without recieving a direct command.None of the changes bothered me except for Daenerys not showing her backbone against Viserys. It was a needless change and the show seems to be trying to make every character sympathetic for some reason. It was also poorly shown that Viserys had even received a command, so his rage was random and not fleshed out well. --Also, without Eddard's POV thoughts the non-reader will be wondering who all these non-named important secondary characters are.Example: Council meeting, Eddard says, "Lord Baelish" when greeting Littlefinger. Then Catelyn calls him "Petyr" to Eddard when Littlefinger's off-screen. Then Eddard calls him "Littlefinger" to Cat in the next scene. So, to a non-reader, that could be three different people if they aren't very perceptive.Eddard and Arya talking about the Hound without him ever having been named on the show yet. "Who is the Hound, one of those wolves or something?" - non-reader.Selmy? Ah, what's in a name. Etc.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 02 May 2011 - 08:06 AM.
232	Gargantuanjon Old Chap	2011-05-02	Can't believe they are cutting out Ghost so much. I saw none of him in EP02, and looks like 03 is continuing the trend. Not sure what's up with that, since Ghost's a pretty major player unlike all other wolves.
233	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-02	I thought that Selmy was the dude who Robert was talking too.
234	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I thought that Selmy was the dude who Robert was talking too.He was, but somebody should have called him by name.
235	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-02	He was, but somebody should have called him by name.True, I didn't know who he was until I came on the forum.
236	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-02	Although I liked seeing Viserys go Full Crazy, it did seem a little odd. The whole scene might have worked better if they'd had Daenerys give some off-hand order to be given to Viserys, then have him fly off the handle. There was one other thing I also noticed: Jon never makes his heart-felt request to Tyrion to "help Bran". It's sad, because I like Tyrion's response, and it sets up the scene at Winterfell later on.
237	CryFenril	2011-05-02	I noticed right away that this episode had many, many more changes (especially in the dialog) than the others, and I suppose it's for pacing's sake. Quite a few important minor characters had to be introduced quickly, and there wasn't enough time to flesh them all out, so it seems to me there was some re-cobbling to fit the pace. I am okay with Tyrion taking Noye's lines, and even okay with it being done publicly to shame Jon a bit - that's a very Tyrion way to do it. As long as he doesn't take on Donal's fight with Mag the Mighty too, lol. Okay with Thorne's sidelining as well, since all he is is a dissenting force for Jon to work against. Jon acknowledges that Tyrion was the only one who gave him truth about the Wall, so that (sort of) moves along the friendship-building there. I do wish we had Ghost though, even just following Jon around. The lack is glaring. Skipping the sea voyage to get Cat and Rodrick to KL quickly was okay with me, and the dialog between Cat-Ned-Petyr had to be cut down by necessity; it would have been almost long enough to take up the episode by itself if it'd been kept intact, lol. Glad they at least allowed Petyr to reference Ned's brother and his "token of esteem". Ned's unease with "courtly life" and the tension between himself and the council was well established, though quickly, and for me it worked. Reminiscing over wine established a great many things - Robert's weakness for wine and Lancel's awareness (and subsequent resentment); Barristan's steadfast service; Jaimie's casual attitude toward killing and his reaction to Robert's jab underline the fact that the only thing Jaime really takes seriously in his life is Cersei. Sansa's rejection of her father's gift doesn't quite jive with her book-self trying to be gracious and a proper little lady, but it does go a long way toward showing her teen angst and the terrible position she's been thrown into (further illustrated by Ned explaining to Arya that Sansa cannot betray Joffrey, another nice addition). The added line from Arya ("How could you let her marry someone like that?") was an unexpected touch - it shows a depth to Arya's character that we might miss elsewise. It sets up the fact that sometimes children see things that adults might not catch. Thankfully, Syrio and Arya were left completely intact, and I think that was as much a gift from D&D to us readers in exchange for all of the changes as it was anything else. The scene didn't have to be as long as it was to establish what was happening, so I tend to see it as a nod to those of us who memorize stuff like "Just so" and "It is known" and feel a bump in the road when we don't hear them. The look on Ned's face and the slow change from clacking wooden sounds to clashing steel sounds was incredible - one of the deepest scenes we've seen yet, in five seconds, with no dialog. Sean Bean is blowing me away with his expressiveness. Perhaps the most subtle, yet still the very best, change they have made so far. "All men are made of water, did you know this?" /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
238	sabrielle6	2011-05-02	Really shocked at the lack of direwolves
239	Knight Of The North	2011-05-02	Where the FUCK is Donal Noye?!
240	wolverine	2011-05-02	I just read the scene between Arya and Ned in the book and it is ten times better.  There is a lot of Ned hate on this forum due to his lacking political ability/ruthlessness but reading that scene reminds me why I liked him so much.  I do like Arya on the show though.
241	CryFenril	2011-05-02	Where the FUCK is Donal Noye?!I am afraid he has suffered the Casting Axe, though I do hope he makes an appearance later. While Tyrion did a nice job of taking over Jon's chastising, he might have a hard time with Mag the Mighty in the tunnel below the Wall.
242	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	Where the FUCK is Donal Noye?!Better question (IMHO) -- who cares?
243	BlackStoneCA	2011-05-02	I think Ran mentioned earlier they had issues when trying to film the Dire Wolves.   It would be extremely distrating scene if the focus was on the animal and not on the scene at hand.   Especially since Ghost is supposed to be silent and rarely makes any sound at all.
244	JJxvi	2011-05-02	unlike the books, where GRRM can write whetever he wants to obfuscate identities, the writers of the series probably dont want the asoiaf virgins in the audience to get too good of an idea of what Barristan Selmy is all about (we'll have to see if that continues or if they even make his identity a secret, or if theyve even decided that yet) before that character comes back as the unknown whitebeard.
245	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	2.  Added:  Jamie meets Ned in the Throne RoomIn the book, Ned goes straight to the room of the Small Council where we're first introduced to Littlefinger, Varys, and Grand Maester Pycel.  In the show, he first goes to the throne room where Jamie Lannister is waiting for him.I'd say that the change is that the Council's chamber is located in a room somewhere behind the throne room and that he meets Jaime on the way. He doesn't go to the throne room, just passing through it on the way.3.  Changed:  "The King Eats, And The Hand Takes The Shit..."In the book, there is a saying "What the King dreams, the Hand Builds," but Robert communicates the more common phrase "The King eats, and the hand takes the shit" to Ned.  But in the show, it has been changed to the less poetic "The King Shits, and the Hand wipes."  Yet another odd change of dialogue for no apparent reason.You found the one with "the Hand takes the shit" poetic!? It sure is the first I've heard someone say that. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />17: Added:  Robert talking with Ser Barriston SelmyRobert recounts killing a Tarly boy as his first kill in battle to Ser Barristan.  We also get to meet Lancel in this scene, and get the story of Jamie fighting the Kingswood Brotherhood, yet another bit of info from a Storm of Swords moved up to game of Thrones.  This scene was not in the book, and only serves to make Robert seem like a true ass hole.I think your estimation of what the scene serves as is a bit lacking. It tells us that Robert once was a fierce warrior, it introduces Ser Barristan (although not by name yet), it introduces Lancel as his squire in a way that vaguely hints to a future event, it tells us more about Jaime, it tells us a bit more about the Mad King and then it tells us that Robert is a disillusioned, drunken ass. And there's some more minor things.20.  Changed:  Tyrion's meeting in the feast hall of Castle BlackWe finally get a proper introduction to Yoren, who seems much less sour than he was in the books.  And for some reason, Benjen Stark is given all of Allister Thorne's hostility towards Tyrion.The reason is probably to give Benjen time to establish his character so new viewers might care when he never returns.22.  Added:  Mormont's scene with Jhogo, discussing weapons and armorThis was not in the books.  And in the books, Jorah never left the khalasar to ride to Quohor after discovering danny was pregnant.From what I remember there's nothing saying that Ser Jorah doesn't ride off. We don't get to see anything about how he reports what happens but we clearly see the effects of that he does and he must be communicating somehow. So I'd say that the change is that we get to see a hint of Ser Jorah acting on new information, while we don't in the book (until Vaes Dothrak).26.  Added:  Tyrion pissing off the top of the wallIn the book, Tyrion never actually pissed off the edge of the world.  However, they seemed to feel the need to show that in the TV series.  Also, Jon did not ask Tyrion to help Bran, as he did in the book.  And they completely left out the whole "friendship" affirmation that preceded the final handshake between Jon and Tyrion.The Bran part is probably linked to that Tyrion's saddle isn't very special in the show. It certainly seems possible that this part is taken out completely, but we'll see in the next episode.Also:  NO GHOST AGAIN!!!!  What is up with that?  And come to think of it, no sight of Mormont's crow either.  :-(Ghost is in both episode 1 and 2, although very briefly. Mormont's crow seems to have been cut according to Ran.All in all a good list of changes.
246	A Redeemed Hound	2011-05-02	I loved the first 2 episodes.  Episode 3 kind of sucked.  I don't get it.  Why not have Dany command Viserys to walk? Such a huge leap of strength for her in the book.  It was a "hell yeah!" moment fo rme.  And why not give her a reason to wander off?  No Ghost is upsetting too.  The wolves seem to be given the back burner.  Which sucks.  I read that the 1st two episodes are rushed and then it finally gets a groove.  I feel opposite.  Episode 3 was way too rushed.  Stupidly so.  And the changes made were for no reason at all.  And just say Selmy's fricking name!  Why could none of them just say Ser Barristan Selmy?!?!?!
I love all things Tyrion and Jon Snow so far.  I wanted to stay on their story and forget the rest last night.  The Cersie/Joffrey scene was lame.  The Ned/Jaime scene was lame.  Cut those and add more meat to the true stories.
I don't know.  It's too much story to cram into 10 episodes I guess.  Should have been 12-15 episodes.  If next season does not have 12-15 episodes I don't see a third season happening.  Last night's show would have me at a loss if I did not read the books.  Episodes 1 and 2 were awesome.  What happened?  At least we have July for ADWD.  Nothing can beat a good book.   /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />
247	Xenophon	2011-05-02	I loved the first 2 episodes.  Episode 3 kind of sucked.  I don't get it.  Why not have Dany command Viserys to walk? Such a huge leap of strength for her in the book.  It was a "hell yeah!" moment fo rme.  ...I love all things Tyrion and Jon Snow so far.  I wanted to stay on their story and forget the rest last night.  The Cersie/Joffrey scene was lame.  The Ned/Jaime scene was lame.  Cut those and add more meat to the true stories.I'm guessing they want to spread Dany's story arc out a bit.  When she orders her brother to walk, it's a major turn in their relationship whcih clearly inverts their former power dynamic.  Judging from the preview for ep. 4, DnD want to make that change more gradual.Totally disagree about Cersei/Joffrey and Ned/Jaime. I thought they were excellent and really helped develop the characters, albeit not in the same way as in the book.  We get some sense that Jaime's motive for killing Aerys may have been mixed, and we see that he gets shot down when he tries to explain this to Ned.  Also we get Cersei vs. Ned as a parent, and a better sense of Cersei's worldview--royal power lets you shape how men speak, but has limited ability to change how men act.
248	Dark Knight	2011-05-02	2.  Added:  Jamie meets Ned in the Throne RoomIn the book, Ned goes straight to the room of the Small Council where we're first introduced to Littlefinger, Varys, and Grand Maester Pycel.  In the show, he first goes to the throne room where Jamie Lannister is waiting for him.4.  Added:  Jamie's account of the death's of Ned's brother and father.I believe this was internal monologue from Storm of Swords with Jamie remembering how ned's brother and father were killed by King Aerys, but they fit it into the scene with Ned and Jamie.I actually really liked this scene and it really serves to clarify the history and build the tension between Ned and Jaime going into the Tyrion-kidnapping saga.6.  Added:  Cercei tending Joffrey's woundsSeeing Cercei attend Joffrey's wounds, and Joffrey showing his insecurities, and unwillingness to marry Sansa.  Quite a different Joffrey from the one in the books.  Also, Cercei suggesting Joffrey fuck whores is entirely out of character for her.  And Cercei's advice to Joffrey about his conquest of the North was far too shrewd for her.Didn't really connect o this one. It shows Joeff to be both more calculated and more sensitive then he is in the books, and overall was somewhat weird.9.  Changed:  Ned's talk of survival in the winterNo talk of the lone wolf dying while the pack survives.  Kind-of important symbolism completely left out of the show.Yeah, It was very weird as I anticipated this line, but it never came.15.  Changed:  Jon's conversation with Donal NoyeIn the book, the one-armed smith of the Night's Watch, Donel Noye, is the man who points out Jon's "bullying" of the recruits.  In the show, they gave these lines to Tyrion.  Also, in the book, it's Grenn's wrist Jon injured, not his nose, and the others were not present during Jon's lecture.I actually didn't mind that Noye wasn't presented, and liked having Tyrion give that lecture to him.23. Removed:  Jon offering his help to Grenn and embarassing ThorneThough we see Jon in the yard helping Grenn and Pyp, we don't see the transformation he goes through in the books heading into the feast hall to offer his help, and making fun of Ser Allister.Really missed this one, as there is absolutely no tension building between Jon an Thorne which is present in the books and leads to some rather significant events. Actually no much of Thorne at all really...Also:  NO GHOST AGAIN!!!!  What is up with that?  And come to think of it, no sight of Mormont's crow either.  :-(This really does start to annoy me. WE WANT GHOST! :-)I didn't mind the other changes...
249	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	Last night's show would have me at a loss if I did not read the books. But you have read the books and the depth of them is subconsciously effecting the way you imagine you'd picture the show if you'd not read them.Right now all sources are basically saying that people who have not read the series are not confused by the plot or main characters. They have some questions, but that is normal early on in a show.
250	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	But you have read the books and the depth of them is subconsciously effecting the way you imagine you'd picture the show if you'd not read them.Right now all sources are basically saying that people who have not read the series are not confused by the plot or main characters. They have some questions, but that is normal early on in a show.Yes, the non-readers I've heard talk about the third episode have said that this was the best so far and they don't seem to have any trouble following the plot.I definitely agree that readers tend to be the ones saying that the show must be hard to grasp and I think you are right in that a lot of that comes from confusing the depths of the book and what the show is trying to tell.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 May 2011 - 03:48 PM.
251	Xenophon	2011-05-02	Yes, the non-readers I've heard talk about the third episode have said that this was the best so far and they don't seem to have any trouble following the plot.I definitely agree that readers tend to be the ones saying that the show must be hard to grasp and I think you are right in that a lot of that comes from confusing the depths of the book and what the show is trying to tell.Exactly.  My wife hasn't read the books and she occasionally asks me for clarification, but most of the time is fine with what's shown.  The Kingsguard is a good example; people are freaking out here that it hasn't been well-explained.  And it's true that my wife had no idea that Jaime had been the Mad King's sworn bodyguard(as opposed to a regular knight) when he killed him.  But viewers don't need to know that right now.  It's already clear enough that he did something dishonorable by killing the King, the details can come out more slowly.
252	McCracken	2011-05-02	Surprised no one has mentioned the Hands necklace being changed.
IMO the necklace decribed in the books looks way cooler than the thingy they changed it to and more importantly if we get to the end of the third book they are going tpo have to change the Tyrion's murder scence
253	Maltaran	2011-05-02	Is it ever mentioned in the books that Barristan killed Simon Toyne? I remember that Arthur Dayne killed the Smiling Knight, but not much else of the Kingswood Brotherhood.
254	Rattle Pants	2011-05-02	My wife (a non-reader) absolutely loved this episode. Arya is her new favorite now, and who can blame her? Not one, but two awesome Arya scenes; her murdering the table and the dancing lesson. She now can't wait for the next episode, and is begging me for spoilers. But as a reader, I have somewhat mixed feelings. On the whole the episode left a very positive impact on me. I love how they are showing us the Lannister POV early on (instead of waiting for ASOS). I've always had trouble with Lannisters being portrayed as Evil Monsters. Sure, they're still evil, and Joffrey is still a royal prick, but they're more human now and thus more believable. Another non-reader commented to me (an episode ago) that he's having trouble with what he saw as the portrayal of the Lannisters as evil for evil's sake, which I found enlightening since they are definitely more so in the books. I'm hoping this episode might change his mind a bit. Now for what really bugged me: where the hell is Ghost?! I have no trouble with axing Donal Noye or Mormont's crow (for now). But Ghost is integral not only to the story but to Jon's character. Makes me begin to wonder how big a part the dire wolves are playing in future episodes. Because I'm pretty sure that if Ghost pops up in the future, my wife is going to say: "Who is that? When did Jon get a white dog?"
255	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	My wife (a non-reader) absolutely loved this episode. Arya is her new favorite now, and who can blame her? Not one, but two awesome Arya scenes; her murdering the table and the dancing lesson. She now can't wait for the next episode, and is begging me for spoilers. But as a reader, I have somewhat mixed feelings. On the whole the episode left a very positive impact on me. I love how they are showing us the Lannister POV early on (instead of waiting for ASOS). I've always had trouble with Lannisters being portrayed as Evil Monsters. Sure, they're still evil, and Joffrey is still a royal prick, but they're more human now and thus more believable. Another non-reader commented to me (an episode ago) that he's having trouble with what he saw as the portrayal of the Lannisters as evil for evil's sake, which I found enlightening since they are definitely more so in the books. I'm hoping this episode might change his mind a bit. Now for what really bugged me: where the hell is Ghost?! I have no trouble with axing Donal Noye or Mormont's crow (for now). But Ghost is integral not only to the story but to Jon's character. Makes me begin to wonder how big a part the dire wolves are playing in future episodes. Because I'm pretty sure that if Ghost pops up in the future, my wife is going to say: "Who is that? When did Jon get a white dog?"The direwolves are featured less because they didn't have much time training the dogs and that breed isn't great for training either. I read that the scene where Ned executes Lady took three hours to film.As for the Lannisters, I think this episode should change some things. We see a lot of hints of that Jaime breaking his oath wasn't necessarily evil, Cersei isn't particularly nice but her advice about how everyone else are enemies is pretty much mirrored by Ned telling Arya that the Starks must keep together, and Tyrion has been put under suspicion for perhaps not being nearly as nice as he's been shown.
256	Hyper	2011-05-02	You found the one with "the Hand takes the shit" poetic!? It sure is the first I've heard someone say that. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />LOL, I agree with that. I think the new line works better.To complain about this seems to be a case of "The source material is perfect"-isis. It isn't, and sometimes changes make good sense, especially when adapted to a different medium.Personally the only added scene that bothered me was the "Robert & Ser Barristan" one. Too static and speechifying to work well, IMO.
257	Huan	2011-05-02	23. Removed: Jon offering his help to Grenn and embarassing ThorneThough we see Jon in the yard helping Grenn and Pyp, we don't see the transformation he goes through in the books heading into the feast hall to offer his help, and making fun of Ser Allister.Really missed this one, as there is absolutely no tension building between Jon an Thorne which is present in the books and leads to some rather significant events. Actually no much of Thorne at all really...I agree, this was a big omission since it sets the stage for events later on as Thorne gets his petty revenge on Jon and also shows how Jon become friends with his cohorts. Otherwise I thought the scenes at the Wall were well done.Loved, loved, love the Arya-Syrio scene...!Ned is really more hot-headed in the show than in the book - certainly no Stark ice running in his veins on-screen.
258	Jon Blackfyre	2011-05-02	I agree, this was a big omission since it sets the stage for events later on as Thorne gets his petty revenge on Jon and also shows how Jon become friends with his cohorts. Otherwise I thought the scenes at the Wall were well done.We haven't seen Sam yet either, I think they are just condensing the Jon teaching/making fun of Thorne/ defending Sam all into episode 4.  We saw a brief glimpse of Jon helping Pyp and Grenn, next episode will have more.While Ghost has been shown twice in the series so far, I still don't think that is enough.  He is Jon's shadow, if you can't have him in the background, or at least once shown following him you aren't trying hard enough HBO.  I just don't get why they didn't have Ghost follow Jon to the cage and have him say, "No, stay here Ghost"   There, simple, easy, we know his name now, he is a part of the show.
259	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-02	I thought it was the best episode yet, filmmaking-wise.  The first 2 were just sloppy from a technical standpoint, I hope that director (Van Patten) doesn't have many more episodes but since he got the first two, he's probably going to have more.
I honestly can't believe that no one's mentioned the manner of Aerys' death.  Unless it was said in a previous episode and I completely missed it.  Jaime stabbing Aerys in the back while he's muttering "Burn them all!" is painting a somewhat more selfless Jaime that just isn't present in the first book and will take some backsteps later on in this season whenhe ambushes Ned's group.  
I too am disappointed about the wolves but sometimes when you work with animals, you just don't get what you want.  A lot of times you just keep rolling and rolling the camera and hope that the critter stays near the mark and with all the footage you shot, you hope there's something that can be edited around to be somewhat functional.  It's a lot like working with Nic Cage.
260	Jon Blackfyre	2011-05-02	It's a lot like working with Nic Cage.HAHAHAHA!!!  That's great.  Although I do think that Ghost could have followed Jon for 15 feet better than Nic cage could have.As to the manner of Aerys death, I too am confused why they say Jamie "stabbed him in the back" and not "opened his throat."  It really doesn't matter, he killed him still, and the reason came out a little sooner, and people still despise him for it.  It still doesn't make a lot of sense to change something like that for no reason.The King eats and the Hand takes the shit.The King shits and the Hand whips.Still don't get the point in changing that either...  Don't get me wrong, I am not upset with the show, I am really enjoying it.  I've just been confused on dialog changes that don't serve a purpose.
261	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-05-02	Anybody mention that they changed the Chain of the Hand to a brooch?
What is Tyrion going to strangle Shae with now?
262	Manakhkubar	2011-05-03	Anybody mention that they changed the Chain of the Hand to a brooch?What is Tyrion going to strangle Shae with now?He can easily stab her with that. That would work much better on screen, because a slow, dramatic stangeling might take away huge amount of sympathy for Tyrion. Mind you, Martin isn't there to cover up Tyrion with some internal monologue bull....
263	Bronn Stone	2011-05-03	Is it ever mentioned in the books that Barristan killed Simon Toyne? I remember that Arthur Dayne killed the Smiling Knight, but not much else of the Kingswood Brotherhood.From the entry in the White Book for Ser Barristan - ASOS - emphasis mineSer Barristan of House Selmy. Firstborn son of Ser Lyonel Selmy of Harvest Hall. Served as squire to Ser Manfred Swann. Named <U+0080><U+009C>the Bold<U+0080><U+009D> in his 10th year, when he donned borrowed armor to appear as a mystery knight in the tourney at Blackhaven, where he was defeated and unmasked by Duncan, Prince of Dragonflies.... Rescued Lady Feyne Swann and her septa from the Kingswood Brotherhood, defeating Simon Toyne and the Smiling Knight, and slaying the former. ... Wounded by arrow, spear, and sword at the Battle of the Trident whilst fighting beside his Sworn Brothers and Rhaegar Prince of Dragonstone. Pardoned, and named Lord Commander of the Kingsguard, by King Robert I Baratheon. Served in the honor guard that brought Lady Cersei of House Lannister to King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing to wed King Robert. Led the attack on Old Wyk during Balon Greyjoy<U+0080><U+0099>s Rebellion. Champion of the tourney at King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, in his 57th year. Dismissed from service by King Joffrey I Baratheon in his 61st year, for reasons of advanced age.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 03 May 2011 - 02:28 AM.
264	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	He can easily stab her with that. That would work much better on screen, because a slow, dramatic stangeling might take away huge amount of sympathy for Tyrion. Mind you, Martin isn't there to cover up Tyrion with some internal monologue bull....As for strangling he could just do it with his hands as you don't need to reach very far around it to put pressure on the proper area.Still I wouldn't mind another manner of death because I don't think I've ever seen a strangling on TV/film that was believable. Generally they strangle someone until they pass out but it takes several minutes to die from lack of oxygen after you're passed out. Of course the scene isn't as dramatic if someone is choking an unconscious body for 5 minutes but it makes people believe things that aren't true.
265	danro	2011-05-03	Of course the scene isn't as dramatic if someone is choking an unconscious body for 5 minutes but it makes people believe things that aren't true.Something that has probably saved quite a few lives IRL...
266	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	Something that has probably saved quite a few lives IRL...That's of course a positive thing if so, but it's hardly a consciously taught lesson given how realistic they make other forms of killing.
267	SleepyNonah	2011-05-03	Have to say the only change that bothered me was Ghost's absence. Had to explain Littefinger's relationship with Cat to the other half who's watching before she reads the books but she followed the rest of it okay.
268	Lannister Fan	2011-05-03	I dunno why but I found this episode sort of dull! Don't get me wrong, I liked it and it's helping build momentum, but so many key scenes removed...felt bit half-baked in a sense. Dany's transition from demure, frightened child into a woman acting like a Khaleesi felt waaaaay too fast for example. Jon Snow's direwolf nowhere to be found, he's such an important part of his character! Even though I understand training those dogs is alot of work surely adding even just one scene with Ghost following Jon is important? So we at least know Ghost is there. You know, this is why sometimes I wish I hadn't read the books. At least the excellent scenes with Tyrion makes up for it.
					
					
							Edited by Lannister Fan, 03 May 2011 - 05:37 AM.
269	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	I dunno why but I found this episode sort of dull! Don't get me wrong, I liked it and it's helping build momentum, but so many key scenes removed...felt bit half-baked in a sense. Dany's transition from demure, frightened child into a woman acting like a Khaleesi felt waaaaay too fast for example. Jon Snow's direwolf nowhere to be found, he's such an important part of his character! Even though I understand training those dogs is alot of work surely adding even just one scene with Ghost following Jon is important? So we at least know Ghost is there. You know, this is why sometimes I wish I hadn't read the books. At least the excellent scenes with Tyrion makes up for it.Dany's arc might seem fast through that she has limited screen time but at this point she's actually slightly less developed as the khaleesi than in the book. She's harder with Viserys after his attack in the book but here she hasn't gotten quite that far yet.
270	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-03	The King shits and the Hand whips. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
271	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	/stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />I noticed that as well. Pretty funny.
272	Mazikeen	2011-05-03	Regarding the Hand's chain of office and the pin badge, I remember that in the books both of them were present. When he resigned his position as a Hand, it was the pin badge that Ned threw on the table in front of Robert. It's possible that the chain of office will make an appearance later.
273	Jon Blackfyre	2011-05-03	I noticed that as well. Pretty funny.My bad, the King shits and the Hand wipes... although my misspelling does give a pretty hilarious mental image.
274	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-03	Like a bad German porno.
275	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	My bad, the King shits and the Hand wipes... although my misspelling does give a pretty hilarious mental image.Yes, I assumed that you just misspelled it rather than that you actually heard it wrong.As for the change I think it fits pretty well since it's more of a word play on the name of the office, rather than just being a more crude version of the description of the bond between two persons where the name "Hand" has no real importance. That while still maintaining the symbolism of that the King does what he wants and it's the Hand has to do the real work.
276	A Redeemed Hound	2011-05-03	Watched it again last night (I have issues).  I still did not like the Cersei/Joff scene.  Nor the Jaime/Ned scene.  The one ig gripe I have with every episode of the show is they never say anyone's name.  Why couldn't they say Ser Barristan's name?  Why not?  Or Old Nan?  A quick name here and there would do wonders.  That and the lack of wolves.  Ghost just sitting there with Snow on the Wall would be poetic.  I guess the budget was too steep for that?  No clue.  Looking forward to next week.  A LOT is going to happen.
277	Cyclone49	2011-05-03	As for the change I think it fits pretty well since it's more of a word play on the name of the office, rather than just being a more crude version of the description of the bond between two persons where the name "Hand" has no real importance. That while still maintaining the symbolism of that the King does what he wants and it's the Hand has to do the real work.It'd be rather painful for Shae to wear in the nude though.
					
					
							Edited by Cyclone49, 03 May 2011 - 08:22 AM.
278	Knight Of The North	2011-05-03	Better question (IMHO) -- who cares?With all due respect, I bloody well do, aswell as a fair few readers. He takes on a goddamn giant in a tunnel and whacks the best part of Jon's aristocratic hauteur. He's a massive shout-out for disabled readers, aswell as being pretty fun to read about.So...YEAH.
279	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	It'd be rather painful for Shae to wear in the nude though.I was talking about the new phrase "the king shits and the hand wipes", not the pin that the hand wears (which I believe is in the book as well, together with the chain).
280	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-03	I was talking about the new phrase "the king shits and the hand wipes", not the pin that the hand wears (which I believe is in the book as well, together with the chain).I was thinking that Tyrion had the Hand's chain made as part of his somewhat more ostentatious character compared to Ned?
281	Bronn Stone	2011-05-03	With all due respect, I bloody well do, aswell as a fair few readers. He takes on a goddamn giant in a tunnel and whacks the best part of Jon's aristocratic hauteur. He's a massive shout-out for disabled readers, aswell as being pretty fun to read about.So...YEAH.Almost all of which he can do just fine as a character introduced in the third season, if they go that way.  Plus you get the bonus of attracting a better actor with a juicy role for a few episodes rather than one you'd have to have squeezed in with minor bits in season 1 then only revisited in season 3.The cast and crew of this thing are huge.  Watch the credits.  Realize just how many people are involved in this production.  Then add the massive costumes, sets and CGI.  I think it is a remarkable achievement for the relatively small budget of $50M/season.
282	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-03	Almost all of which he can do just fine as a character introduced in the third season, if they go that way.  Plus you get the bonus of attracting a better actor with a juicy role for a few episodes rather than one you'd have to have squeezed in with minor bits in season 1 then only revisited in season 3.The cast and crew of this thing are huge.  Watch the credits.  Realize just how many people are involved in this production.  Then add the massive costumes, sets and CGI.  I think it is a remarkable achievement for the relatively small budget of $50M/season.It's actually not when you realize that all of their decisions lower the production costs.  $50mil/season for Ireland with UK crew and relative nobodies for a majority of the roles is not comparable at all to a $50mil budget in the US with union production and name actors.  Add into the fact that HBO is notoriously cheap, taking advantage of their cable status to consistently underpay crew and that budget is probably 30- 40% more effective where they're shooting it then the actual per episode comparison would be about $6.5 mil per episode.  That's a lot.
283	Solmyr	2011-05-03	The only addition I liked was Robert and his war stories. Then Jaime comes in and Robert asked him about Aerys' last words. I already knew where it is going.
"Burn them all" and the look on Robert's face. A nice foreshadowing for season3, where we'll hopefully see Jaime's redemption.
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 03 May 2011 - 01:20 PM.
284	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-03	YMMV obviously, because whilst the changes you have stated are all present and true, the significance and negativity you seem to universally apply to them doesn't make sense to me.1.  Changed:  Ned's arrival at king's LandingIn the book, when Ned is immediately summoned to the small council, he refuses because he's just had a long journey, but quickly decides not to shun the other council members upon his arrival.  In the show, he goes immidiately without bickering.  In the book, he chooses to change his clothes quickly to look presentable.  In the show, when the steward recommends he make himself look presentable, Ned gives him the evil eye.  What's up with that?It fits with Ned's character, wariness and mood after his less than pleasant journey and his fears about KL and the fact that given his status someone is telling him what he sees as a practical role cannot wear what he sees as practical and adequate clothing. He is neing snubbed and is not happy about it and is being stronger willed than Ned of the books at this point which given Ned's overall character and current circumstances makes more sense. Agreeing to the instant meeting also makes more sense as Ned sees his job as important and practical and needs to get to work. He is a professional.2.  Added:  Jamie meets Ned in the Throne RoomIn the book, Ned goes straight to the room of the Small Council where we're first introduced to Littlefinger, Varys, and Grand Maester Pycel.  In the show, he first goes to the throne room where Jamie Lannister is waiting for him.I don't like aspects of this scene - Jaime in the book would NEVER explain himself to Ned nor feel the need to. But the exposition of it is vital in this format. what is worse is that Jaime stabbed Aerys in the back and thus changes the reason WHY the deed was so dishonourable. Jaime even lampshades this and I hope there is a good reason for this change as it does have an impact on Jaime's character. I'd rather just have had a flashback tbh...3.  Changed:  "The King Eats, And The Hand Takes The Shit..."In the book, there is a saying "What the King dreams, the Hand Builds," but Robert communicates the more common phrase "The King eats, and the hand takes the shit" to Ned.  But in the show, it has been changed to the less poetic "The King Shits, and the Hand wipes."  Yet another odd change of dialogue for no apparent reason.I prefer this version, it makes more sense and the vulgarity is kind of the point.4.  Added:  Jamie's account of the death's of Ned's brother and father.I believe this was internal monologue from Storm of Swords with Jamie remembering how ned's brother and father were killed by King Aerys, but they fit it into the scene with Ned and Jamie.This is annoying, I agree. It's exposition I'd rather they saved. I understand it's to make tension between Ned and Jaime but I'm not sure any more tension is needed.5.  Changed:  No Barriston SelmyThe first meeting with the Small Council is largely unchanged from the book, but even though we meet Renly, we have yet to meet Ser Barriston Selmy, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.They don't want to add to many characters too early in the episode. I'd have preferred him to be there but I don't think it would have worked.6.  Added:  Cercei tending Joffrey's woundsSeeing Cercei attend Joffrey's wounds, and Joffrey showing his insecurities, and unwillingness to marry Sansa.  Quite a different Joffrey from the one in the books.  Also, Cercei suggesting Joffrey fuck whores is entirely out of character for her.  And Cercei's advice to Joffrey about his conquest of the North was far too shrewd for her.a) in what way is her advice shrewd? /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it's based on her own experiences with Robert and helps actually portray the reason for Cersei hating Robert which is a vital aspect of her characterc) in GoT Cersei IS shrewd - she is the main villain at this point and doesn't suffer from villain decay until later as other posters have pointed out7.  Changed:  Sansa and Arya eatingIn the book, this scene happens much later after the arrival in King's Landing and definitely after Ned meets with Catelyn.  In the book, its a dinner scene in the Small Hall, and the Hand's Tourney is discussed.  In the book, after Ned leaves, Arya runs away angry from Septa Mordane and runs to her room, where Ned later finds her and talks to her.  In the show, Ned sends her to her room.This change is irrelevant and barely counts - it still fits with the overall timeline and with all the characters' personalities8.  Added:  Ned and Arya's talk of JoffreyThis quick exchange about Joffrey being a liar was not in the book.But acts to remind the audience and to cement Ned and Arya's relationship.9.  Changed:  Ned's talk of survival in the winterNo talk of the lone wolf dying while the pack survives.  Kind-of important symbolism completely left out of the show.I agree10.  Left Out:  Bran's dream of the three-eyed crow.Old Nan's reference to the crow is kinda odd since there was no set up of the three-eyed crow.THis is odd but I expect to see a deleted scene in the DVD11.  Changed:  Bran's scene with Old NanNo mention of "Brandon the Builder" in this scene.  And Rob does not come to him in the book, instead its Maester Luwin and Hodor, who take him down to the Hall to sit with Rob, who is meeting with Tyrion Lannister on his way back from the Wall.  Obviously, this scene was moved up in the timeline of the TV show, and Bran sits and talks to Rob and talks about losing the use of his legs.12.  Changed:  Catelyn's arrival in King's LandingIn the book, she arrives by sea and gets to King's Landing before Ned.13.  Changed:  Catelyn's meeting with LittlefingerIn the book, it was the Tyroshi merchant Moreo who ratted out Catelyn's arrival to Littlefinger.  In the book, she's staying in an Inn and is summoned by men of the City Watch while Ser Roderick is away, and taken to Littlefinger's Brothel.14.  Added:  Tyrion's scene with Commander Mormont at the WallIn the book Tyrion never witnessed Ser Allister's training of the boys with Mormont, and Mormont never inexplicably gave Tyrion the message from Winterfell about Bran's revival.15.  Changed:  Jon's conversation with Donal NoyeIn the book, the one-armed smith of the Night's Watch, Donel Noye, is the man who points out Jon's "bullying" of the recruits.  In the show, they gave these lines to Tyrion.  Also, in the book, it's Grenn's wrist Jon injured, not his nose, and the others were not present during Jon's lecture.I think this works better16:  Added:  Cercei and Jamie arguing about BranYet another scene told in flashback in a Storm of Swords moved up to the TV show.17: Added:  Robert talking with Ser Barriston SelmyRobert recounts killing a Tarly boy as his first kill in battle to Ser Barristan.  We also get to meet Lancel in this scene, and get the story of Jamie fighting the Kingswood Brotherhood, yet another bit of info from a Storm of Swords moved up to game of Thrones.  This scene was not in the book, and only serves to make Robert seem like a true ass hole.I think it shows how Robert's kingdom has worn him down. Plus Robert is a bit of an asshole.18.  Changed:  The Dothraki SeaIn the book, Danny rides off alone on her horse into the Dothraki sea after commanding the khalasar to halt and wait for her.  In the TV show she dismounts and wanders off for no apparent reason.  Also, in the book, she's the one who commands Viserys to walk back to camp without a horse... something that has much more meaning in the book than it did in the show having Jhogo make that decision.  Also, in the book it was made clear Viserys was enraged after Mormont told him to stay on the ridge.  In the TV show, it seemed a little odd that Viserys would fly off the handle without recieving a direct command.19.  Changed:  Jon's final meeting with Benjen Stark.In the book, the meeting happened as Benjen was riding out for his ranging, not at the top of the Wall.20.  Changed:  Tyrion's meeting in the feast hall of Castle BlackWe finally get a proper introduction to Yoren, who seems much less sour than he was in the books.  And for some reason, Benjen Stark is given all of Allister Thorne's hostility towards Tyrion.21.  Changed:  The revelation of Danny's Pregnancyslight change from the books.  Danny is practicing her dothraki when Jhiqui tells her she's pregnant.  In the book, Danny already knows.  In the show, it takes Danny by surprise.22.  Added:  Mormont's scene with Jhogo, discussing weapons and armorThis was not in the books.  And in the books, Jorah never left the khalasar to ride to Quohor after discovering danny was pregnant. But it does help lead the audience to understand Jorah is dodgy23. Removed:  Jon offering his help to Grenn and embarassing ThorneThough we see Jon in the yard helping Grenn and Pyp, we don't see the transformation he goes through in the books heading into the feast hall to offer his help, and making fun of Ser Allister.24.  Changed:  Tyrion's talk with Mormont and Maester AemonMany of Mormont's lines were given to Maester Aemon, who comes off more dour and crabby than he does in the books.  In the books, the conversation he has with Mormont about the state of the Night's Watch is done alone, at night by a fire.  Here, its done with both Mormont and Maester Aemon during the day.25.  Added:  Danny and Drogo in bedThe scene where she tells Drogo her child will be a boy was not in the book.26.  Added:  Tyrion pissing off the top of the wallIn the book, Tyrion never actually pissed off the edge of the world.  However, they seemed to feel the need to show that in the TV series.  Also, Jon did not ask Tyrion to help Bran, as he did in the book.  And they completely left out the whole "friendship" affirmation that preceded the final handshake between Jon and Tyrion.27.  Changed:  Ned watching Arya with Syrio ForellIn the books, Ned was never present at any of Arya's trainings.  Also, Syrio Forell was bald in the book.Overall, I thought the pace of this episode was much to fast, and the writers are yet again making strange changes to iconic lines and scenes.  The best scene in my opinion was Arya and Syrio, since it was the most faithful to the books and worked the best in the show.  Honestly, many of these changes are just unnecessary.  Makes me wonder why the producers are doing these changes.Some of them are useful because you have to introduce characters more slowly and information more blatantly on a TV showAlso:  NO GHOST AGAIN!!!!  What is up with that?  And come to think of it, no sight of Mormont's crow either.  :-(Meh, Ghost's time will come
285	Guest_Raids_*	2011-05-04	Believe it or not, we can already read the whole OP...in the OP.
The lack of ghost sucks for me also. And the Dany/Viserys scene. Did she have to pee? Where was she going? Why does she just go back?
286	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	Believe it or not, we can already read the whole OP...in the OP.The lack of ghost sucks for me also. And the Dany/Viserys scene. Did she have to pee? Where was she going? Why does she just go back?He's written his responses to each point in the OP within the quote.As for Dany, I thought it was quite clear how they were talking about how the Dothraki get and keep their slaves and how she stopped after a slave was being beaten. Dany can sympathize with them as she's practically been a slave to Viserys and to me it seemed like she needed to get away from that for a while. You can see her taking a relaxed sigh when she comes to the clearing, before Viserys storms in.
287	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-04	Believe it or not, we can already read the whole OP...in the OP.The lack of ghost sucks for me also. And the Dany/Viserys scene. Did she have to pee? Where was she going? Why does she just go back?Sorry, i wrote my response on my phone and did not realise that would happen. As has been noted, I've posted individual responses within the quote marks but missed out some of the middle ones because it was taking too long and I was worried I'd sign out automatically and have to start again
288	Tobin	2011-05-05	I miss Mormont's crow - I keep looking for him and Ghost more than I would have expected.
The cut of the 3-Eyed Crow bothers me too - that's a setup for the 'warg' revelation much later.
289	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	I miss Mormont's crow - I keep looking for him and Ghost more than I would have expected.The cut of the 3-Eyed Crow bothers me too - that's a setup for the 'warg' revelation much later.I think Mormont's crow would almost have to be entirely CGI. Maybe not, I'm not sure how easily trainable they'd be (or if the training would be worth the effort/expense). Also not sure how to portray the (fluently) speaking 3-Eyed Crow without seeming really hokey. Westeros is not Narnia.
290	Snow White	2011-05-05	I think Mormont's crow would almost have to be entirely CGI. Maybe not, I'm not sure how easily trainable they'd be (or if the training would be worth the effort/expense). Also not sure how to portray the (fluently) speaking 3-Eyed Crow without seeming really hokey. Westeros is not Narnia.They did have some trained birds on set, so we'll probably see it at some point.I don't think the speaking will be an issue. It's not like he was doing complete sentences.
291	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	Mormont's bird wasn't doing complete sentences, but I thought the 3-Eyed Crow did.
292	Son of Thunder	2011-05-05	Well, my two big complaints have been addressed, so I'll just add my voice to the chorus.I was SO looking forward to seeing Dany take the power herself and order her brother's horse be taken from him.and...GIMME WOLVES!
293	lifefullofwords	2011-05-05	I think Mormont's crow would almost have to be entirely CGI. Maybe not, I'm not sure how easily trainable they'd be (or if the training would be worth the effort/expense). Also not sure how to portray the (fluently) speaking 3-Eyed Crow without seeming really hokey. Westeros is not Narnia.Actually, from what I understand crows are pretty trainable. I really think they'll have more trouble with the direwolves, at least while they're still puppies. That's why there's been so little of them so far.And I totally agree about the Three Eyed Crow being potentially cheesy. Those scenes going to be very difficult to adapt to the screen, especially given the kind of TV show they want to be. So we'll see how it goes, maybe there will be a scene later this season or next season with the Thee Eyed Crow. If they can't do it well they should honestly just cut the dreams and have Bran tell the necessary information to another character.
294	Snow White	2011-05-05	Mormont's bird wasn't doing complete sentences, but I thought the 3-Eyed Crow did.You are correct. I've already written off getting a first person look at the three eyed crow (although they may still flash back to it.)I think Mormont's crow is the more likely candidate for screen time at this point.
295	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-06	You are correct. I've already written off getting a first person look at the three eyed crow (although they may still flash back to it.)I think Mormont's crow is the more likely candidate for screen time at this point.We have seen images of a three eyed crow so it's certainly possible that it makes an appearance. There's no rush to bring it into the series though since it's just build up to something that won't really start developing until the middle of the next season.
296	wolverine	2011-05-06	I think Mormont's crow would almost have to be entirely CGI. Maybe not, I'm not sure how easily trainable they'd be (or if the training would be worth the effort/expense). Also not sure how to portray the (fluently) speaking 3-Eyed Crow without seeming really hokey. Westeros is not Narnia.Crows are super smart but I do not know how trainable they are.  Birds seem to always just do what they want compared to like dogs and stuff.
297	Snow White	2011-05-06	We have seen images of a three eyed crow so it's certainly possible that it makes an appearance. There's no rush to bring it into the series though since it's just build up to something that won't really start developing until the middle of the next season.We've seen images? I missed that.But if they're going to introduce it at all, it ought to be soon.
298	Maester Cressan	2011-05-06	Boy, so many complaints about it not being the exact same.  I have only two complaints, and only one of which I think was a real error.1.  Changed:  Ned's arrival at king's LandingIn the book, when Ned is immediately summoned to the small council, he refuses because he's just had a long journey, but quickly decides not to shun the other council members upon his arrival.  In the show, he goes immidiately without bickering.  In the book, he chooses to change his clothes quickly to look presentable.  In the show, when the steward recommends he make himself look presentable, Ned gives him the evil eye.  What's up with that?The book version is too complicated to show on film.  While the nuances are great for a book in revealing Ned's character it wouldn't do for TV.  They simplified it in a way that emphasizes Ned's character as dutiful and provincial.  He's not into dressing up, and he doesn't put off unpleasant duties.  This is an accurate portrayal of Ned's character, so I see no reason to be upset over such a trivial change that works much better on TV then the original would.2.  Added:  Jamie meets Ned in the Throne RoomIn the book, Ned goes straight to the room of the Small Council where we're first introduced to Littlefinger, Varys, and Grand Maester Pycel.  In the show, he first goes to the throne room where Jamie Lannister is waiting for him.3.  Changed:  "The King Eats, And The Hand Takes The Shit..."In the book, there is a saying "What the King dreams, the Hand Builds," but Robert communicates the more common phrase "The King eats, and the hand takes the shit" to Ned.  But in the show, it has been changed to the less poetic "The King Shits, and the Hand wipes."  Yet another odd change of dialogue for no apparent reason.4.  Added:  Jamie's account of the death's of Ned's brother and father.I believe this was internal monologue from Storm of Swords with Jamie remembering how ned's brother and father were killed by King Aerys, but they fit it into the scene with Ned and Jamie.We needed a backstory that still had not been filled out.  Now we know that Jaime killed the Mad King, and now we know why Ned rebelled against the former King even though he's all Mr. Duty.  Also, it helps us understand Jaime a bit better, and earns him some fans for at least being the one to kill the Mad King.5.  Changed:  No Barriston SelmyThe first meeting with the Small Council is largely unchanged from the book, but even though we meet Renly, we have yet to meet Ser Barriston Selmy, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.The scene introduced Varys, Littlefinger, and Renly.  Way too many characters already, no point in mentioning or showing the head of the Kingsguard when he can be shown later.  (and Selmy has the excuse of guarding the King to explain his absence).6.  Added:  Cercei tending Joffrey's woundsSeeing Cercei attend Joffrey's wounds, and Joffrey showing his insecurities, and unwillingness to marry Sansa.  Quite a different Joffrey from the one in the books.  Also, Cercei suggesting Joffrey fuck whores is entirely out of character for her.  And Cercei's advice to Joffrey about his conquest of the North was far too shrewd for her.It wasn't a bad scene.  Cersei isn't a complete moron you know.  She does have a certain level of cunning.  Enough to know that Joffrey's plan was idiocy.  Notice that her proposed replacement solution has it's own kind of idiocy:  Marry Sansa and show kindness to her sometimes, but still consider her an enemy.  That's classic Cersei.  I agree the painted whores comment was a bit out of character from how I understood her, but I suppose it might coincide with Cersei's general impression of how men behave, and maybe Cersei wasn't just giving straight advice but was also manipulating Joffrey.  That actually would fit with Cersei's character I think, and be kind of sad.  I think I like the direction they are taking this Cersei.  She's a little different from the books but not too much different.7.  Changed:  Sansa and Arya eatingIn the book, this scene happens much later after the arrival in King's Landing and definitely after Ned meets with Catelyn.  In the book, its a dinner scene in the Small Hall, and the Hand's Tourney is discussed.  In the book, after Ned leaves, Arya runs away angry from Septa Mordane and runs to her room, where Ned later finds her and talks to her.  In the show, Ned sends her to her room.8.  Added:  Ned and Arya's talk of JoffreyThis quick exchange about Joffrey being a liar was not in the book.Unimportant changes that help improve the flow on screen and communicate the same information in less time.9.  Changed:  Ned's talk of survival in the winterNo talk of the lone wolf dying while the pack survives.  Kind-of important symbolism completely left out of the show.Huh, Ned may not have used the symbolism, but he did explicitly teach this to Arya.  Strange that you missed the biggest change, and I think the real mistake this episode.No mention of Lyanna.  I think that would have been a big improvement for little cost.  Add this dialogue:Ned: wistfully "You remind me of my sister."Arya: surprised "Aunt Lyanna was beautiful."Ned: sadly "She was; beautiful and wild, and dead before her time."Slip it in right before Ned leaves and tells Arya that if she has a sword she should know how to use it.  It would have added to the audiences knowledge about Ned's sister, that she was like Arya.  It would hint that one of the reasons Ned is letting Arya learn sword work is because he fears what happened to his sister could happen to her.  It would have made the ending scene that must stronger.  (Shades of "Promise me Ned").10.  Left Out:  Bran's dream of the three-eyed crow.Old Nan's reference to the crow is kinda odd since there was no set up of the three-eyed crow.11.  Changed:  Bran's scene with Old NanNo mention of "Brandon the Builder" in this scene.  And Rob does not come to him in the book, instead its Maester Luwin and Hodor, who take him down to the Hall to sit with Rob, who is meeting with Tyrion Lannister on his way back from the Wall.  Obviously, this scene was moved up in the timeline of the TV show, and Bran sits and talks to Rob and talks about losing the use of his legs.It would have been hard to do the dream.  It's okay to leave it out at this point.  We don't need to know that stuff until later.  The flow works better as this is a way to keep Bran and Rob in this episode instead of disappearing.  Also, I loved the Duncan the Tall reference.12.  Changed:  Catelyn's arrival in King's LandingIn the book, she arrives by sea and gets to King's Landing before Ned.13.  Changed:  Catelyn's meeting with LittlefingerIn the book, it was the Tyroshi merchant Moreo who ratted out Catelyn's arrival to Littlefinger.  In the book, she's staying in an Inn and is summoned by men of the City Watch while Ser Roderick is away, and taken to Littlefinger's Brothel.Complications that are interesting world building in the book are too much for the TV.  Keep it simple.  They wasted time on naked breasts though that should have been spent comparing Arya to Lyanna.14.  Added:  Tyrion's scene with Commander Mormont at the WallIn the book Tyrion never witnessed Ser Allister's training of the boys with Mormont, and Mormont never inexplicably gave Tyrion the message from Winterfell about Bran's revival.15.  Changed:  Jon's conversation with Donal NoyeIn the book, the one-armed smith of the Night's Watch, Donel Noye, is the man who points out Jon's "bullying" of the recruits.  In the show, they gave these lines to Tyrion.  Also, in the book, it's Grenn's wrist Jon injured, not his nose, and the others were not present during Jon's lecture.Too many characters.  Noyle's lines were best given to Tyrion for the condensed TV version.  They can introduce Noyle later.16:  Added:  Cercei and Jamie arguing about BranYet another scene told in flashback in a Storm of Swords moved up to the TV show.Good addition.  It's the main plot point people want to know about at this point.  Let them see the creepy love affair of the Lannister Twins.17: Added:  Robert talking with Ser Barriston SelmyRobert recounts killing a Tarly boy as his first kill in battle to Ser Barristan.  We also get to meet Lancel in this scene, and get the story of Jamie fighting the Kingswood Brotherhood, yet another bit of info from a Storm of Swords moved up to game of Thrones.  This scene was not in the book, and only serves to make Robert seem like a true ass hole.This was probably the best addition of the whole show so far.  Robert didn't come across as an asshole to me.  More of an earthy, earnest warrior who hates being King and prefers thinking about the glory days- but not in the hazy "everything was good in the old days" way, but a more realistic and gritty memory.  It painted Robert's character well.It also introduced briefly Ser Barristan and gave us an idea of his character.  It let us know that the Lannister's are an ambitious family that have surrounded the King, and introduced Lancel and his main role in the story.  It also increased our understanding of Jaime's arrogance mixed with a certain world weariness.  And again labeled him the Kingslayer (backstabber), showing that that is what he is most famous for. 18.  Changed:  The Dothraki SeaIn the book, Danny rides off alone on her horse into the Dothraki sea after commanding the khalasar to halt and wait for her.  In the TV show she dismounts and wanders off for no apparent reason.  Also, in the book, she's the one who commands Viserys to walk back to camp without a horse... something that has much more meaning in the book than it did in the show having Jhogo make that decision.  Also, in the book it was made clear Viserys was enraged after Mormont told him to stay on the ridge.  In the TV show, it seemed a little odd that Viserys would fly off the handle without recieving a direct command.Unimportant changes that helped compress the scene for TV.  I'd prefer more time here, but truthfully more time has to be spent setting the scene in King's Landing.19.  Changed:  Jon's final meeting with Benjen Stark.In the book, the meeting happened as Benjen was riding out for his ranging, not at the top of the Wall.Unimportant.  At this point you are nitpicking for no reason.  Also, the conversation that they had did happen on the Wall.  The last meeting was a paragraph in the book, there was no reason not to remove it.20.  Changed:  Tyrion's meeting in the feast hall of Castle BlackWe finally get a proper introduction to Yoren, who seems much less sour than he was in the books.  And for some reason, Benjen Stark is given all of Allister Thorne's hostility towards Tyrion.This was a good change.  We get to know Yoren.  Benjen being hostile plays up the Stark vs Lannister theme which is good, and we didn't have the time to introduce Allister Thorne enough to care who he was or why he was fighting with Tyrion.  Thorne isn't much of a character until later books anyway.21.  Changed:  The revelation of Danny's Pregnancyslight change from the books.  Danny is practicing her dothraki when Jhiqui tells her she's pregnant.  In the book, Danny already knows.  In the show, it takes Danny by surprise.22.  Added:  Mormont's scene with Jhogo, discussing weapons and armorThis was not in the books.  And in the books, Jorah never left the khalasar to ride to Quohor after discovering danny was pregnant.A change made so that internal monologue could be come external dialogue.  Also, laying the ground work for Jorah's reveal later.23. Removed:  Jon offering his help to Grenn and embarassing ThorneThough we see Jon in the yard helping Grenn and Pyp, we don't see the transformation he goes through in the books heading into the feast hall to offer his help, and making fun of Ser Allister.24.  Changed:  Tyrion's talk with Mormont and Maester AemonMany of Mormont's lines were given to Maester Aemon, who comes off more dour and crabby than he does in the books.  In the books, the conversation he has with Mormont about the state of the Night's Watch is done alone, at night by a fire.  Here, its done with both Mormont and Maester Aemon during the day.Unfortunate reductions in the story required by time constraints25.  Added:  Danny and Drogo in bedThe scene where she tells Drogo her child will be a boy was not in the book.A good addition.  Since we didn't get to see a good start to their relationship we needed evidence that Danny is now happy with her marriage.26.  Added:  Tyrion pissing off the top of the wallIn the book, Tyrion never actually pissed off the edge of the world.  However, they seemed to feel the need to show that in the TV series.  Also, Jon did not ask Tyrion to help Bran, as he did in the book.  And they completely left out the whole "friendship" affirmation that preceded the final handshake between Jon and Tyrion.I agree with you on this one.  I wish they had left in the request to help Bran, and the line "I know what it is to love a brother."  However, Jon and Tyrion have already been established as friends in the minds of most viewers, so it's not really damaging.27.  Changed:  Ned watching Arya with Syrio ForellIn the books, Ned was never present at any of Arya's trainings.  Also, Syrio Forell was bald in the book.Ned being present was a good change.  The ending made us feel Ned's concern and care.Overall, I thought the pace of this episode was much to fast, and the writers are yet again making strange changes to iconic lines and scenes.  The best scene in my opinion was Arya and Syrio, since it was the most faithful to the books and worked the best in the show.  Honestly, many of these changes are just unnecessary.  Makes me wonder why the producers are doing these changes.Also:  NO GHOST AGAIN!!!!  What is up with that?  And come to think of it, no sight of Mormont's crow either.  :-(I think you are being overly critical and unwilling to accept that changes must be made for this to work as a TV show.  I agree there were some changes made that didn't need to be, but overall it's a pretty good adaption.  If it feels like it is moving fast, that's because it is.  12 hours would have been better then 10, but 10 is what we got, so 10 is what the writers have to deal with, and that means moving fast.Also, I agree I would have liked to have seen Ghost, if only in the background during the training scenes.Looking forward to next episode I'd like to say there is an addition I think they ought to have but doubt they will:I think during the tourney Ned should sit next to Robert, and move Ned's comment about the knight's of summer there.Something like:Ned: "They're so young"Robert: "Not near as young as we were"Ned: "It reminds me of the tourney at Harrenhal"Robert: "The one were Rhaegor crowned your sister the queen of love beauty."  angry  "He had no right!  His own wife sitting there.  Wooing another man's betrothed." cold anger "That's when it all began."Ned: Pausing before changing the subject and gesturing at the field. "The knights of summer.  I wonder what grief they will know when winter comes for them."Cut away to Sansa with Joffrey.Then at the end of the tourney have The Hound crown Sansa "Queen of love and beauty" (perhaps with instruction by Joffrey?  Just a nod of the head toward Sansa?)  Have Sansa hoisted over the crowd chanting "Queen Sansa!" while Cersei looks on.This would accomplish several things1: It reveals more about Ned's sister, Rhaegor's "rape" of her and Robert's motivation.2: It connects back to Cersei's instruction to Joffrey to preform an act of kindness toward Sansa3: It would compare Sansa to Lyanna (which would have been even better if they had kept the Arya-Lyanna comparison this episode), and again play on Ned's emotions and concern for his daughters4: It would be an important moment establishing The Hound as a more ambiguous figure5: It would help set up the one sided romantic tension between Sansa and The Hound that comes up later.6: It would help set up Cersei's jealousy of the younger more beautiful queen.7: It would establish this tradition of the tourney winner as naming a woman "queen of love and beauty" in the viewers mind more solidly then just a flashback or hearing about it.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Cressan, 06 May 2011 - 10:40 PM.
299	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-07	quoted textI agree with pretty much everything you have said, though I would have liked Dany to stand up for herself a little more, and am still annoyed that Jaime seems to be trying to explain himself to Ned - I still think a flashback to the original meeting between the two set off by Ned seeing the iron throne would have worked better. I don't mind any number of changes as long as they are consistent with characters  which all the others are.And I agree, given that Rhaegar seems (for a whole number of reasons, not just the R+L one) to be integral to the story in future books, I would like to see him mentioned soon.
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 07 May 2011 - 02:53 PM.
							
								No need to quote the entirety of a lengthy post just to say you agree.
300	zippypoodle	2011-05-07	I read that whole list of changes, and didn't care about a single one of them except for Daenarys not telling Viserys to walk. That's an extremely important character development for her. All the others are just nit-picky stuff in my opinion. I just finished rereading AGOT too, and honestly wouldn't have even noticed many of them.
301	Kaitscralt	2011-05-07	That's an extremely important character development for her.It is important, but if she whips him in the face with the belt next episode then it will be fine. I don't know why people are so upset about this part missing when she has another moment so early in the season.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 07 May 2011 - 06:56 PM.
302	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-08	It is important, but if she whips him in the face with the belt next episode then it will be fine. I don't know why people are so upset about this part missing when she has another moment so early in the season.I agree. The story is moving along very quickly due to the short amount of time and it's better to portion out someone's arc over several episodes where it's possible. She has already come a long way but to really stand up to her brother, who's shadow she has been in her entire life, is the final test and it will have more effect if put more on it's own.
303	ChrisJM89	2011-09-06	27.  Changed:  Ned watching Arya with Syrio ForellIn the books, Ned was never present at any of Arya's trainings.  Also, Syrio Forell was bald in the book. I've just rewatched episode three again and I thought I'd put it here considering it was talking about adding or changing something that wasn't in the books.It's in regards to Ned watching arya fight. His looking at her first with happiness then what appeared to be sadness and concern felt that he was looking back at Lyanna. I only just realised that after re-watching.The many points about talking of Lyanna and Rhaegar would have made this perfect and understandable to even non-readers and opened up this storyline for season 2 and beyond.Just my two cent... and first post.
304	TheEvilKing	2011-05-02	Holy shit I loved this episode. This show is getting exponentially better every week. And the goddamn tourney is up next. Hell yes.Anyway, here are this week's Official character rankings.BADASS RANKINGS:1. Syrio Forel obviously2. Jon Snow3. Rakharo - granted, it was only Viserys he owned4. Ned - way more badass than the books. I cracked up at the scene outside the brothel.5. King Robert - telling drunken war stories about beating up Tarlys with his warhammer. Nice.Honourable mention: Allister Thorne - came off more as a strict, somewhat ruthless taskmaster than a total jerkDishonourable mention: Viserys. What a bitch.CHARACTER PORTRAYAL RANKINGS:1. Tyrion2. Arya3. Jorah4. Robert5. CatHonourable mention: Pycelle - doddering old fool who isn't as senile as he pretends to beDishonourable mention: Nobody. Tremendous episode all round.
305	awesome possum	2011-05-02	I would put Cersei in Dishonorable Mention.  Something about Lena Headey's portrayal doesn't sit right with me.  She is quickly becoming my least favorite part of episodes, and not because of my dislike of Cersei.
306	Songlian	2011-05-02	I was overly impressed with Joseph Mawle as Benjen Stark.
Kit Harington as Jon Snow is also getting better with every episode. If he keeps it up like this, I might even learn to like the book character because of him. 
Ian McElhinney as Barristan Selmy -- wow, what a great piece of casting! The scene with him, Robert and Jaime was too good.
Last but not least, Iain Glen as Jorah Mormont.
Not really impressed with -- this episode only: Tyrion (a bit too smug for my taste), Ned (less bitchy, more noble, please) and Syrio Forel (can't put my finger on it yet).
307	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	My episode 3 rankings!Most surprised by how good they were:1. Jorah2. Varys3. Catelyn4. Yoren5. Old Nan6. PycelleMost disappointed:1. Renly2. Littlefinger (though hopefully this will change next episode)3. Lancel4. CerseiWanted more, more, more:1. Syrio2. Syrio3. Viserys4. Barristan5. SansaContinuing to impress:1. Arya2. Arya3. Arya4. Jaime5. Ned6. JonYeah I know these are super random categories but oh well. So many brilliantly portrayed characters!
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 02 May 2011 - 03:46 PM.
308	Fantasma	2011-05-02	Most surprised by:
1. Rakharo
2. Benjen
3. Old Nan
4. Bran
5. Jorah
Most dissapointed by:
1. Maester Aemon (sad to have to say it :/)
2. Syrio (perhaps it's my mistake, but he's not nearly the way I had portrayed him)
3. Varys
4. Allister Thorne (he didn't even look like a bad guy at all...)
5. Sansa
My favorite characters in the season so far:
1. Arya
2. Jaime
3. Ned
4. Tyrion
5. Bran
6. Jorah
7. Robert
8. Cersei
9. Cat
10. Jon
309	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-02	I was overly impressed with Joseph Mawle as Benjen Stark.Kit Harington as Jon Snow is also getting better with every episode. If he keeps it up like this, I might even learn to like the book character because of him. Ian McElhinney as Barristan Selmy -- wow, what a great piece of casting! The scene with him, Robert and Jaime was too good.Last but not least, Iain Glen as Jorah Mormont.Not really impressed with -- this episode only: Tyrion (a bit too smug for my taste), Ned (less bitchy, more noble, please) and Syrio Forel (can't put my finger on it yet).Is it because he looks like Kenny Powers and El Guapo had a kid with a bad Italian accent?
310	Songlian	2011-05-03	Is it because he looks like Kenny Powers and El Guapo had a kid with a bad Italian accent?/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Could be, could be.Seriously now, I probably just need to get used to the differences from how I pictured him. The acting was not bad in my opinion.
311	Holymoly	2011-05-03	I'll put in a vote for Cersei and in particular Lena Headey's fine acting overall. I can't understand the criticism levelled at her on these boards. You can't portray a character as pure evil and expect it to be tenable over multiple series. There have to be some redeeming qualities present, even if they turn out to be duplicitous in nature, to enable the character to remain believable. The easiest characters to portray are those that don't persist and you can afford to let them remain as two dimensional black or white creations. Characters central to the story have to be fleshed out to give them an element of believability. I think the foundation work done in these early episodes will pay dividends to Cersei's portrayal as the story unfolds.
312	Ser Duck	2011-05-03	Jorah just stepped out of the books for me, fantastic casting but missing a raven /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
& I smile when ever Arya is on screen she is fantastic
313	Manakhkubar	2011-05-03	Jorah just stepped out of the books for me, fantastic casting but missing a raven /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Jorah? Raven? Wrong Mormont? Wrong bird?
314	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-03	Miltos Yerolemou wins this episode. Hopefully they'll throw in a few extra training episodes than were in the books.
315	Ser Duck	2011-05-03	Jorah? Raven? Wrong Mormont? Wrong bird?yeh sorry Jeor Mormont "the old bear" /blush.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' /> I was in a hurry.
316	Vestrit	2011-05-03	I'll put in a vote for Cersei and in particular Lena Headey's fine acting overall. I can't understand the criticism levelled at her on these boards. You can't portray a character as pure evil and expect it to be tenable over multiple series. There have to be some redeeming qualities present, even if they turn out to be duplicitous in nature, to enable the character to remain believable. The easiest characters to portray are those that don't persist and you can afford to let them remain as two dimensional black or white creations. Characters central to the story have to be fleshed out to give them an element of believability.Yeah, I have to agree, I'm not getting the Lena Headey criticism. Her portrayal of Cersei has been one of the most enjoyable surprises of the series for me so far.Headey has taken a character who was pretty one-dimensional and completely unsympathetic in the early books and turned her into a really intriguing character. We get the nastiness and slight sadism but we also get a mother who will do anything to protect her own and a relatively young woman who feels trapped in her life. Headey has also brought real physical presence to the role. She's very attractive in a very charismatic, intelligent sort of a way (rather than hot airhead babe, if you know what I mean). You get a sense that much of her clout comes not just from being queen but because a lot of men get nervous and intimidated around a woman with her beauty and presence. I think the foundation work done in these early episodes will pay dividends to Cersei's portrayal as the story unfolds.QFT. I think it's going to be awesome when people see just how ruthless she can be
317	valacirca	2011-05-03	The Good:
1. arya, Arya, ARYA! - This girl portraying her is spot-on and going to go far in this business.
2. Robert - He only had one scene, but DAMN that was good!
3. Syrio Forel - Dude is smooth, what can I say? There nothing to not love.
4. Ned - That look at the end of the episode... perfect. Overall really solid.
5. Joffrey - Well color me impressed, that was actually a good scene, the one with him in it.
The Bad:
1. Tyrion - No really bad, and it feels weird putting Tyrion here, but he could have been much better in this episode considering the part of the book that they covered.
2. Cat - Really not a fan.
3. Both Mormonts - Really didn't feel their presence.
The Ugly:
1. Littlefinger - Such a disappointing portrayal. I was expecting the character to be colorful and witty, but it came across as lifeless and flat.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 03 May 2011 - 12:04 PM.
318	Fantasma	2011-05-03	I'll put in a vote for Cersei and in particular Lena Headey's fine acting overall. I can't understand the criticism levelled at her on these boards. You can't portray a character as pure evil and expect it to be tenable over multiple series. There have to be some redeeming qualities present, even if they turn out to be duplicitous in nature, to enable the character to remain believable. The easiest characters to portray are those that don't persist and you can afford to let them remain as two dimensional black or white creations. Characters central to the story have to be fleshed out to give them an element of believability. I think the foundation work done in these early episodes will pay dividends to Cersei's portrayal as the story unfolds.Agreed. Lena Headey was a fantastic choice IMO, and I'm more than glad that Cersei isn't portrayed as "pure evil", cause that would simply be wrong.
319	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-03	Best Character Portrayal:1. Arya - Maisie gets better evey week.  Perfectly captures the spirit of the character. 2. Old Nan - Much better than I was expecting.  Wish we could see more of her next season.  Alas...  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />3. Benjen - One word sums up Mawle's performance - convincing.  It's as if the first ranger of the Night's Watch stepped out of the book and directly onto the screen.  Again, shame we won't see more this season.4. Jorah - Another stellar performance; loads of charisma and presence.  I think we can expect the same every week.5. Tyrion - I've enjoyed Dinklage's portrayal more with each episode.  He's capturing exactly what Tyrion's all about.Most Awesome/Fun:1. Syrio - Exceeded my expectations and then some.  So much fun to watch.2. Jon - As a fan of the character I have to admit his righteous ass kicking in the yard at Castle Black brought a smile to my face.3. Ned - "You're a very funny man"   /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  His interactions with the KL crew will be fun to watch all season.4. Varys - Already feels like the most quietly dangerous "man" in the realm.5. Ser Barristan Selmy - Quiet, experienced gentleman soldier who is obviously still not a man to be fucked with even in his later years.Most Disappointing:1. Renly - No presence, no charisma, nothing to make me believe people will follow this guy in ACOK; he just seems like a boring 20-something and is nothing like what I envisioned.  The first really major disappointment for me thus far in the series.  Desperately needs to step his game up.
320	Daenerys	2011-05-03	I'm just gonna do a simple 5-star ranking for each main actor, as it stands right now. I'm not going to include people like Renly or Theon or Rickon or Selmy who have basically had one line to read so far or a very brief appearance.5 (outstanding, nearly perfect, really understand their character and make for memorable scenes):Arya, Tyrion, Ned, Jaime, Robert, Benjen, Catelyn, Syrio, Old Nan4 (very good, but a few flaws, not fully developed, or very slightly off tone):Littlefinger, Varys, Jorah, Bran, The Old Bear, Viserys3 (a bit weak, don't quite understand their character yet, missing "something" or chose an odd potrayal):Cersei (close to a 4 though, she's growing on me), Jon, Daenerys, Drogo2 (wooden, one-note, maybe lost) Joffrey, Sansa, Robb1 (horrible, laughable, unwatchable, irredeemable):(none yet)EDIT: Thanks for pointing out Viserys, NW Deserter, I knew I was forgetting someone. I give him a 4 that could be a high 3. It's a slightly weird portrayal, but I like it. I think he could be slightly more intense and cruel and a little less pathetic.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 04 May 2011 - 12:51 AM.
321	NW Deserter	2011-05-03	I'm just gonna do a simple 5-star ranking for each main actor, as it stands right now. I'm not going to include people like Renly or Theon or Rickon or Selmy who have basically had one line to read so far or a very brief appearance.5 (outstanding, nearly perfect, really understand their character and make for memorable scenes):Arya, Tyrion, Ned, Jaime, Robert, Benjen, Catelyn, Syrio, Old Nan4 (very good, but a few flaws, not fully developed, or very slightly off tone):Littlefinger, Varys, Jorah, Bran, The Old Bear3 (a bit weak, don't quite understand their character yet, missing "something" or chose an odd potrayal):Cersei (close to a 4 though, she's growing on me), Jon, Daenerys, Drogo2 (wooden, one-note, maybe lost) Joffrey, Sansa, Robb1 (horrible, laughable, unwatchable, irredeemable):(none yet)Where do you put Viserys on this scale?Also: nice way of measuring.
322	LindaElane	2011-05-03	Episode 3 much better than episode 2.  Episode 2 much better than Episode 1.  But then the first 200 pages of the book (covered in episode one) were something I just barely got through, then I became fascinated.  The series is perhaps the same way for me.5 (outstanding, nearly perfect, really understand their character and make for memorable scenes):Ned, Arya, Tyrion, Catelyn, Jorah4 (very good, but a few flaws, not fully developed, or very slightly off tone): Robert, Bran, The Old Bear, Cersei, the Hound, Drogo, Joffrey (dislike character, but performance is OK)3 (a bit weak, don't quite understand their character yet, missing "something" or chose an odd potrayal):Jon, Daenerys,  Robb, Sansa, Renley, Ilyn.  I actually think Jon's acting is OK, but his face is fat, and his acting is not excellent enough to overome that.  Sorry, in life is that would be a shallow thought, but in fantasy heroes are supposed to be handsome. It's a fantasy - guys would have a fit if Dany had a fat face, so I think the casting is sexist.2 (wooden, one-note, maybe lost)Viserys, Littlefinger, Lancel, Varys (last two may improve, no good lines in this episode)1 (horrible, laughable, unwatchable, irredeemable):Old Nan (sorry, it is her vocal tone, I've told plenty of stories to sick kids, and even a horror story is not told in that tone)N/A  Not the actors fault, just miscast or mis-written:  Benjen ( I never pictured this guy as creepy looking), Iri (she is actually doing a good job but the character is silly fluff, imo, since I personally just get no thrills from what I know is coming.)IMO, most rating Cat low should just admit a dislike of middle aged women and spare the actress, who is doing really good work. (The general liking for Nan kind of surprises me, but I guess it is because she told a horror story in such a dramatic voice?)I think Cersei and Jaime look a little young but I do believe them as twins, which is nice.
					
					
							Edited by LindaElane, 03 May 2011 - 11:23 PM.
323	Xenophon	2011-05-03	I actually think Jon's acting is OK, but his face is fat, and his acting is not excellent enough to overome that.  Sorry, in life is that would be a shallow thought, but in fantasy heroes are supposed to be handsome. It's a fantasy - guys would have a fit if Dany had a fat face, so I think the casting is sexist.If Dany had a fat face?!  Emilia Clarke is beautiful, but her face is just as pudgy as Kit Harrington's, IMO.
324	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	If Dany had a fat face?!  Emilia Clarke is beautiful, but her face is just as pudgy as Kit Harrington's, IMO.I second that. Emilia is certainly less fit than Kit and has the same kind of face and there's nothing wrong with Dany. Jon isn't even a character that's described as handsome and if you want a fat face you'll have to wait for Sam.
325	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-04	(The general liking for Nan kind of surprises me, but I guess it is because she told a horror story in such a dramatic voice?)That was the draw for me, sure.  How is a scary story "supposed" to be told if not in a dramatic fashion?I perceived Old Nan from the books as someone who didn't pull any punches when telling a story, and more importantly actually believed in the "legends" she was relaying.  Almost as if she herself was a relic of that forgotten time.  In that respect the portrayal was accurate and convincing.N/A Not the actors fault, just miscast or mis-written: Benjen ( I never pictured this guy as creepy looking)Creepy?   That's among the last words I'd use to describe TV Benjen.  I guess there really is no accounting for taste.
326	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-04	Old Nan (sorry, it is her vocal tone, I've told plenty of stories to sick kids, and even a horror story is not told in that tone)...(The general liking for Nan kind of surprises me, but I guess it is because she told a horror story in such a dramatic voice?)I think this is a result of the medium, they are trying to establish that the Others (whitewalkers) are very scary... to children.  This is done really effectively with this scene.  The music and the tone of her voice really establish how frightening that story really should be, but then you are reminded that she is telling it to a little boy and she also tells story's about everybody living in a giant's eye.  In short, these things were once a serious and forbidding threat, but are now scarcely thought about by grown-ups. (I also love the rambling way she tells the story, like she is a crazy old woman who doesn't always know exactly what she is saying or exactly who she is saying it to).Now on to my rankings:5 (outstanding, nearly perfect, really understand their character and make for memorable scenes):Arya, Tyrion, Jaime, Robert, Benjen, Syrio, Old Nan, Jorah, Bran, Viserys4 (very good, but a few flaws, not fully developed, or very slightly off tone):Ned, Catelyn, Varys, The Old Bear, Joffrey, Cersei3 (a bit weak, don't quite understand their character yet, missing "something" or chose an odd potrayal):Jon, Daenerys, Drogo, The Hound, Littlefinger2 (wooden, one-note, maybe lost)Sansa, Robb1 (horrible, laughable, unwatchable, irredeemable):handmaidensNotes:Arya: Continues to impress, I can't sayenough nice things about her.Bran: Hasn't had to do too much right now, but his performance has been brilliant.  I didn't care too much for Bran in the books, but so far he is one of my favorite show characters.   His twice delivered line of "I wish I were dead." Was chilling/heartbreaking/intense.  If the rest of the episode had sucked (which it didn't) this scene would have been enough for me.  I also liked how he timidly nodded when Old Nan asked if this was the sort of story he liked. Awesome.Ned: I think he is maybe a little too emotional, not stoic enough.  However, Bean's portrayal makes for better TV than someone who never expresses himself, and I do really like it, but I just can't give it a 5 yet.Catelyn: She is doing a good job, but I didn't like her portrayal in the brothel with LF. "He's like a brother to me!" was too emotionally delivered for me, along with the string of other assurances about Petyr's trustworthiness.  It seemed over-the-top is what I'm trying to say.Cersei: I guess this isn't Lena's fault, I just don't think she would tell Joffrey he could "fuck painted whores", even the TV Cersei since she chastised Tyrion earlier for talking filthy in front of her children.  Otherwise I have really loved her performance so far.  She probably should be a five for her own performance, but that line addition by the writer's knocked her down a peg for me.Jon: His performance has been a little too wooden for me, but he moved up a notch this episode, where I started to see some range of emotion.  Hope this trend continues.Daenerys: I really liked her in Ep01, but her performance has started to slide in that she isn't really changing her performance to exhibit anything more than really timid and scared, even when she 'commands' because she is a khaleesiLittlefinger: Way to flat and boring in his delivery of lines.  He is supposed to be witty and revel in his quick remarks.  Just because you are smiling when you say something doesn't mean you sound like you like saying it.  He needs to bring some inflection to his voice or he could quickly fall down a few pegs.Sansa/Robb: Their characters have had little chance to develop, so there is still room for improvement, but they seem a little one-dimensional for such important players.Handmaidens: I know they aren't very important characters, but I find the "It is known." line to be way too comical when spoken out loud.  It read fine in the books but sounds ridiculous on screen. Also the boob grabbing to determine pregnancy is laughable.  I guess this isn't the actresses fault, but I don't really care for their portrayal.
					
					
							Edited by ChrisPwildcat, 05 May 2011 - 08:03 AM.
327	Rockroi	2011-05-04	6 (I added my own category- and its touchy because in order to get a 6 you have to be playing a character that was lacking something in the books. So, in a way, a 6 is NOT strictly superior to a 5) ): The character in the show is actually slightly better than the character in the books:Viserys: Generally speaking, the actor has taken an erratic character without well-defined attributes and has drawn disparate personality traits into a fully formed person (even if that person is horrible).  Robert: When you break down the GoT Robert, he's a two-dimensional character who is- in effect- waiting for a boar to gorge him.  Addy's Robert is alive and miserable.  Miserable.5 (outstanding, nearly perfect, really understand their character and make for memorable scenes):Tyrion- Probably the most true to his book counterpart.Ned- I like show Ned better than book Ned, but probably because book Ned seems like the most dour man in Westeros.  Jaime - My favorite character in the book, the show's Jaime is the biggest "victim" of front-loading the story (ie: we have to "explain" stuff so the audience is not lost).  However, he's such a terrific character and so multi-faceted that he can take it.  Oh, and he's the only guy to talk back to Ned.  4 (very good, but a few flaws, not fully developed, or very slightly off tone):Cersei: I like THIS Cersei a lot and I think she is catching a lot of the subtlety of the pre-AFfC Cersei.  Jorah: He is performing a VITAL service to the series: he is physically and effectively bridging the Dany world with the Westeroes one.  He is also providing a lot of context.  Arya- She's a great character.  I like what is going on with her but its really not that difficult.  In other words, I'm the one guy who does not think Arya is the second coming of Meril Streep.  Sue me.  Littlefinger, Varys,  Bran, The Old Bear, Benjen, Syrio- basically they all fall into the same category - not enough screen time for me to think much of them.  Yes, I know many think Serios is the greatest thing to happen to the sci-fi genre since the lightsaber, but in reality: he is a third-level character that adds a good deal to his part of the story and that's about it.  And yes, I hate fun.  Daenerys - I think the actress is capturing the Dany in transition that is required: strong enough to know her potential; unsure enough to hold back.  I also think that the actress playing Dany wins the award for "Best-performance-by-an-actor-with-the-least-amount-of-dialog." Joffrey- Best line I heard about Joff (from another boarder): (paraphrase) "I knew they cast the right actor for Joff because as soon as I saw him I wanted to punch him in the face repeatedly."  Sansa: She's doing a lot of things right, and she is working like a champ to minimize the issue of her being 15 and playing a caharcter who was supposed to be 11.  So, yeah, kinda love Sansa in book and in show. 3 (a bit weak, don't quite understand their character yet, missing "something" or chose an odd portrayal):Robb- Very close to a 4.  I think Robb is living up to his roll in he represents the ETERNAL stability in the North and in the stoic dependability of the Starks and Ned.  Catelyn- Not buying what she's selling.  Cat was never one of my favorite caharcters and the actress playing Cat has done nothing to change my mind.  I find her to be even more shrill and nervous than the book Cat and I didn't think that was possible.Jon: Here's a shock: Jon Snow has done nothing to make me love him nor anything that would make somebody else hate him.  In a way, the actor is NAILING this part, but I am not sure that's a complement. Is milquetoast a synonym for "Snow?"  2 (wooden, one-note, maybe lost)Drogo: Hi. I'm a caricature.  1 (horrible, laughable, unwatchable):Old Nan- Okay, so you just wake up from a coma.  And you are asked if you want a story and you mutter that you like scary stories.  and suddenly this crazy woman who you supposedly have known your whole life starts babbling on about winters that last 100 years and nights that last a generation and how everyone freezes to death and kids die in their mothers arms... I mean, if your Bran, is it out of the question that you look up and say "You know, I'd really like to return to that coma."  Maester Aemon: So, the scene where Tyrion is discussing the issues beyond the Wall with the Old Bear and Aemon.  And suddenly Aemon starts talking... and talking and talking.  And he sounds about as close to crazy as a character can sound.  Its so distant from the dependable and clear-headed Aemon of the books.  And then (unintentionally) the Old Bear starts looking back and forth between the two and its kinda like he's saying, "Look, we know this guy sounds crazy, just whe he's done I'll set it all straight."  He's so crazy sounding that I half expected Aemon to drift and say, "Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate; hate ... leads to suffering!"  Renly: Another boarder stated the obvious: show Renly lacks all the charisma and flash of the book Renly and this is critical to the character's success.  This needs to change fast.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 04 May 2011 - 12:46 PM.
328	Timbits	2011-05-04	I actually think Jon's acting is OK, but his face is fat, and his acting is not excellent enough to overome that.  Sorry, in life is that would be a shallow thought, but in fantasy heroes are supposed to be handsome. It's a fantasy - guys would have a fit if Dany had a fat face, so I think the casting is sexist.I don't think he has a fat face? And the difference between Dany and Jon is that Dany is described as beautiful. While Jon is not, so why would they hire based on appearance? I also find him a good actor.
329	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-04	Old Nan- Okay, so you just wake up from a coma.  And you are asked if you want a story and you mutter that you like scary stories.  and suddenly this crazy woman who you supposedly have known your whole life starts babbling on about winters that last 100 years and nights that last a generation and how everyone freezes to death and kids die in their mothers arms... I mean, if your Bran, is it out of the question that you look up and say "You know, I'd really like to return to that coma."I'm afraid I don't follow this one at all. Bran says that his favorite stories were the scary ones and she goes on to say that and then asks if that's the kind of story he wants to hear, to which he nods. By your description it sounds like he wouldn't want to hear that, which is obviously the opposite of what happens in the scene.And he hasn't just woken up from the coma. He wakes when the king's following haven't even left the north yet and this scene happens after they've arrived at King's Landing.
330	Mettle	2011-05-04	I have to say that I didn't like Syrio.  I know thats not a popular opinion, but its not at all what I had imagined.  TV Syrio is a bit frumpy and has a fro.  He has giant legs and if you dyed his hair red he'd look like a clown in that outfit.  I pictured Syrio as skinny, a bit taller, and more elegant.  I dont picture this guy being able to fight off anyone with a wooden sword.  I dont much like the accent either.  
Most of all though, I think it is his tree trunk legs that bother me.
My opinion might change as I see him more, and I hope so.  Anyone else share the opinion or is it just me?
331	Xenophon	2011-05-04	Most of all though, I think it is his tree trunk legs that bother me.My opinion might change as I see him more, and I hope so.  Anyone else share the opinion or is it just me?Doesn't bother me.  Powerful legs are good for a warrior (just look at some olympic fencers).  Also, I think it's mainly his loose pants that make his legs look so absurdly huge.
332	DecoyRunner	2011-05-05	Holy shit I loved this episode. This show is getting exponentially better every week. And the goddamn tourney is up next. Hell yes.Anyway, here are this week's Official character rankings.BADASS RANKINGS:1. Syrio Forel obviously2. Jon Snow3. Rakharo - granted, it was only Viserys he owned4. Ned - way more badass than the books. I cracked up at the scene outside the brothel.5. King Robert - telling drunken war stories about beating up Tarlys with his warhammer. Nice.Honourable mention: Allister Thorne - came off more as a strict, somewhat ruthless taskmaster than a total jerkDishonourable mention: Viserys. What a bitch.CHARACTER PORTRAYAL RANKINGS:1. Tyrion2. Arya3. Jorah4. Robert5. CatHonourable mention: Pycelle - doddering old fool who isn't as senile as he pretends to beDishonourable mention: Nobody. Tremendous episode all round.Agree and double agree. However, I would like to express my disappointment in the elderly and thoroughly shabby Ser Ilyn Payne. Made me sad.Maximum Dinklage airtime ftw
333	Lady Blackfish	2011-05-05	Top five, in some order or other: Tyrion, Arya, Robert, Jorah, Benjen
Also really liked: Jon, Syrio, Barristan, Jaime, Viserys, Sansa, Bran, Robb, Varys
Ned was acceptable.
Cersei ... I am open to the idea of re-interpretation of Cersei's character, but I did feel jarred by her advice scene with Joffrey.  On the one hand I do enjoy this Cersei, but on the other hand I wonder if it's the wisest idea in the long run, and now and then I miss the outrageousness of the books' Cersei.
Aemon & Ilyn: minor characters don't really get my panties in a twist, but for what it's worth, boy did they seem off.
Catelyn: Better than the first two episodes, but still too rustic and cute-ified.  She is sorely lacking her sense of regality and stature and polish. Also, "Back alley Sally"?  Really, B&W?
Littlefinger: When I watch his moments in and of themselves I love him, but within the flow of a scene he seems disjointed.  Not sure what's going on there specifically that makes me think that.
Joffrey: Don't know where these departures from the books are going w.r.t. his character.  Fleshing him out to make him more dimensional?  Joffrey never was interested in learning how to rule or listening to his mother's advice, and he always seemed to have a bonafide interest in Sansa.  Just not sure where it's going.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Blackfish, 05 May 2011 - 02:54 AM.
334	ser_nerdick	2011-05-05	I have to say that I didn't like Syrio.  I know thats not a popular opinion, but its not at all what I had imagined.  TV Syrio is a bit frumpy and has a fro.  He has giant legs and if you dyed his hair red he'd look like a clown in that outfit.  I pictured Syrio as skinny, a bit taller, and more elegant.  I dont picture this guy being able to fight off anyone with a wooden sword.  I dont much like the accent either.  Most of all though, I think it is his tree trunk legs that bother me.My opinion might change as I see him more, and I hope so.  Anyone else share the opinion or is it just me?I pictured Syrio from the book as taller and thinner as well. I didn't mind the accent, but his plumpness made him seem a lot less nimble. Plump as a piglet... fat as a walrus! Same with Jon Snow. His fat face with the neck-beard annoys me.
335	Olenna	2011-05-08	I'm coming late to the thread but anyway here goes:
The real standouts for me (in addition to the immediately arresting and unsurpassed Dinklage) were Cersei and Jorah, who both have a presence and depth that you only get with really seasoned character actors. The fact that Lena Headey's portrayal is different from the books doesn't bother me; her Cersei is infinitely more layered and intelligent than GRRM's. Bravo for improving on the character as written. 
Sean Bean is more effective than I expected; he captures Ned's austerity but also his warmth and affection, which could easily have gotten lost in a more generic "I am a stoic man of the North" portrayal. But he's also saddled with a lot of clunky lines, like in the scene with Arya where he calls her "sweet girl." Really? 
For some reason I'm really digging Emilia Clarke as Dany. Not sure why, since she hasn't had much to do yet. But she has a "still waters run deep" vibe (most apparent in the first episode). Viserys is even better. Ditto Benjen.
Syrio is an annoying ethnic stereotype, massively overplayed. There's a performance that could have used more understatement. He's the first relatively important character who made me cringe.
					
					
							Edited by Olenna, 17 May 2011 - 09:56 PM.
336	denstorebog	2011-05-08	Olenna, please note this is a NO SPOILERS thread. There's a really huge one in your post.
337	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-08	From beginning to end the experience was even more immersive than in the previous installments. The last sequence with Arya brought me back to the time I was dreaming about Willow. What a refreshing ending ! And how worrying to turn her cute and joyful sword dance into a battle Ned remembered ! Is she destined to become a Joan of Arc ? Will she have to disguise as a man to fight beside her father and brothers ? Daenerys, Jon Snow<U+0085> There're so many characters to care about and others like Jaime Lannister to hate ! In fact I wonder why her evil brother is still alive. A king ? He seems all alone and powerless so I really hope we'll learn more about him in the upcoming episodes. But around them we really assisted to a ballet of wonders. From the exotic environments to the artifacts TV has never felt so fantastic. Comparing it to The Lord of the Rings trilogy is nearly an insult considering that show has already grown on us and imposed its own unique identity. Moreover once the episode was over I couldn't help imagining what would happen next and it's definitely the mark of greatness. The little boy in his bed who just woke up and wants to get scared because his reality couldn't be more frightening. The old lady did a vicious job at telling the story ! And what was happening on Jon's side perfectly matched her words. But in the end beside the majestic castles and bamboos in the wind the one scene I have decided to keep gently in a corner of my mind is the heartwarming passage between Ned and Arya in her bedroom. The most inspiring father and daughter relationship ! Last but not least I already want to learn Dothraki ! The unique language definitely contributes to the authenticity of the show.After reading it on IMDB I had to share it here. I never expected the show to influence non-readers this deep. Look how he revels in his own predictions of how the plotline will develop, you can not read it without having a smile on your face.
338	Ran	2011-05-01	Book spoiler discussion of the episode, titled "Lord Snow", when it's available. Please don't post before then.
339	Xenophon	2011-05-01	The "Previously on Game of Thrones" sure had some R + L = J bait, with the cut from Ned telling Jon you are a Stark to Robert saying he'll kill every Targaryen.
Loved Jaime's eyes narrowing as Ned shot down his "it sounded like justice" line.
I'm loving this version of Cersei.  The scene with her telling Joffrey to be kind to the Stark girl was brilliant.  So much pain mixed in with her scheming.
I'm loving the costumes we see this episode.  The Maester's chains look way better when you see the full chain on Pycelle.  Also the Goldcloaks mail veil is very menacing.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 01 May 2011 - 08:29 PM.
340	Greywolf2375	2011-05-01	I probably missed it somewhere, but are there actual models used in the intro, or is it all computer graphics?  Would love to see the model of the Wall
341	Greywolf2375	2011-05-01	would have liked to see Noye do that scene, but it does tie in Tyrion & Jon a little more
342	Xenophon	2011-05-01	I probably missed it somewhere, but are there actual models used in the intro, or is it all computer graphics?  Would love to see the model of the WallJust CGI.  In the HBO on Demand special on the opening scene, it says DnD also wondered if there were models when the art team showed them the footage, it was so lifelike.
343	Greywolf2375	2011-05-01	Lancel reminds me of Prince Valium from Spaceballs
loved the transition we see from Dany not being able to walk after a day to being able to dismount easily
344	Xenophon	2011-05-01	loved the transition we see from Dany not being able to walk after a day to being able to dismount easilyYeah, they showed that really economically.  I hadn't realized what a good job they did till my wife, who's never read the books, saw her on the horse and said "oh my god, she was a virgin, had sex for the first time, then had to ride a horse all day, that's horrific!".They also did a great job explaining the wall and developing Tyrion at the same time.  Is it in the books that he completely disbelieves in the Others when he arrives at the Wall?Damn that was quick!  Time for a break and a second watch. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 01 May 2011 - 09:00 PM.
345	Greywolf2375	2011-05-01	didn't realize the Braavosi accent would be Russian, but liked how they showed him with Arya
346	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-05-01	What's with the Watch using a man to power the lift at the Wall? That'd be a shitty job.  Tons of changes in this episode, in general.
347	House Snow	2011-05-01	I liked the episode but am sort of worried that it my be percieved as sort of slow for the non-reader.  Am on the fence about littlefinger for now.  Maybe it was just me but I felt some of the lines in this episode wasn't quite as good as the other and some of the acting especially with Catelyn was kind of off.  Still pretty good episode.
348	blackbrother	2011-05-01	Damn! 1 hour passes too quickly.
Great episode. Syrio was spot on. Love the water dance.
Giving Donal Noye's lines to Tyrion makes sense in that there are so many characters, that some were sure to fall by the wayside.
I missed the true depth of the Jon/Aliser Thorne conflict however.
Dani/Dothraki scenes are getting better every episode.
Old Nan/Bran scene was too cool too.
Biggest disappointment was still the lack of Ghost.
I was also surprised by the scene between Cersei and Joff. I couldn't believe the amount of apathy Joff had towards Sansa. I always knew he was a 'royal shit', but I was pleasantly surprised to what extent they were willing to show it.
					
					
							Edited by blackbrother, 01 May 2011 - 09:17 PM.
349	Lord Godric	2011-05-01	Why was Catelyn in King's Landing 9 years ago? 
Loved seeing Ned's scenes with Arya, and Jon's scenes with Tyrion.
Oh, and loved the Old Nan/Bran/Robb scene.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 01 May 2011 - 09:06 PM.
350	Charles Phipps	2011-05-01	Some general thoughts:
1. Cersei is a great deal more clever politically than she in the books.
2. I liked the scene showing that Ned is a horrible Dad to Sansa but GETS Arya.
3. The long look where Stark realizes, "this war will be fought by my children" was good.
4. God, Lancel looks horrible.
5. A nice juxtaposition of the fact we assume Robert is talking about women when he's talking about murder.
6. Jaime is about a thousand times calmer and more controlled than in the books - but I think his actor is failing to show his love for Cersei.
(In fact, all of the Lannisters are smarter - which diminishes Tyrion a bit I think)
7. Littlefinger may be a bit too cultured and stylish - there's a lewdness to the book version and a mischief missing here.
The Littlefinger of the show is, 'You know - this brothel was the best place to hide her.' The literary Littlefinger enjoyed the joke on Stark Honor.
351	Starkess	2011-05-01	I thought each of the scenes was great, but it didn't really come together into a cohesive overall for me. Still, not really complaining, I loved it!
<U+0099>Y Arya
352	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Loved it, loved it, loved it!  But SO damned quick!  Felt like I was just getting into it when BANG, its over.  Littlefinger is nicely... slippery.  Physically attractive, but all slippery-crafty in his eyes.  Dany's learning to speak and act queenly, little by little, inch by inch.  Tyrion's a marvel, but I so wish we could have seen the duel with the fork!  Loved it!  Off to HBO Go!
353	CelticCail	2011-05-01	How awesome is Syrio!!!  LOVED the scene.  
The small chamber scene felt extremely rushed but nice to meet my beloved Petyr (amazing casting there, btw) and Renly (hair is all wrong) and Varys, also perfect casting.  He's a character I could easily not care about but I think I will because of the casting.  
A lot of made-up nonsense in this episode but I understand why, we need background explanation, yeah yeah.  
I'm so over Cersei.  She's just not right at all.
354	CelticCail	2011-05-01	P.S.  WHERE THE HECK IS GHOST?  Not a single direwolf this episode.  Depressing.
355	Trebla	2011-05-01	OUTSTANDING.
Not only did the plot move along very well but so many fanboy tidbits. Ser Duncan the Tall and Simon Toyne!!!
I loved how they showed how Robert, Joffrey, and Viserys were all 3 unfit as rulers. Good storytelling.
eta: Yeah, no Ghost again was kinda bad. I think  when he suddenly appears on screen non-readers will wonder how he got there.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 01 May 2011 - 09:09 PM.
356	Starkess	2011-05-01	Oh, also, LOVED the last scene with Dany and Drogo. Really see that relationship forming, and HBO pulled it off better than I expected. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
357	Lord Godric	2011-05-01	Oh yes, forgot to say: Littlefinger!  Love him already! 
But Lancel on the other hand, what was with him?
358	Charles Phipps	2011-05-01	I loved how they showed how Robert, Joffrey, and Viserys were all 3 unfit as rulers. Good storytelling.I wonder if this will impact a Feast of Crows.Is Cersei naturally more "Tywin-like" in this universe or is she going to just ignore all of her own advice?
					
					
							Edited by Charles Phipps, 01 May 2011 - 09:10 PM.
359	Starkess	2011-05-01	Lancel was a wreck, but it really worked for me. Mostly because I was smirking to myself "Cersei stoops to banging THIS!"
360	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	Just so.
361	oneeye	2011-05-01	Arya was great again but all the actors and actresses are starting to grow on me. Tyrion is going to be a favorite I think on the TV version too.
It makes sense they have to consolidate some lines and flesh out some characters slightly differently for tv purposes but surely it's pretty close to the book so far.
Old Nan's stories were great.
362	Balefont	2011-05-01	Syrio!  Squeeee!
363	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	I also enjoyed the scene with Jorah and Jhogo(I think it's Jhogo at least) where they were comparing their swords.  
Actually, I really like Jorah in the show.
364	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Old Nan's stories were great.Just so!  I have to watch it again, but did she tell Bran about spiders north of the Wall as big as houses?  Spiders?
365	Starkess	2011-05-01	Actually, I really like Jorah in the show.Me too! But probably because I always imagined him as old and gross in the books. And I totally have a huge weakness for redheads! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
366	Linda	2011-05-01	I have to say that with each rewatching, my dislike for this Cersei -- both the way she is written and the way Headey is playing her -- just grows. I really wish they hadn't felt the need to make more of her and Jaime at this stage. As it is, I am afraid she pretty much ruins every scene she is in for me and the more I think about it, the more annoyed I get.
Fortunately, Cersei isn't really a character I care strongly about in any fashion, so I just resent her scenes taking up time that could have been used for something else.
367	Starkess	2011-05-01	Just so!  I have to watch it again, but did she tell Bran about spiders north of the Wall as big as houses?  Spiders?Yes, she definitely mentioned them. *shudder*
368	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	I thought it was an amazing episode.  My husband didn't get Littlefinger's reference to his scar, so I had to explain it.  He really likes watching and I think would prefer I not fill in most of the blanks.
369	Slyfinger	2011-05-01	- Am I the only one who thought this Old Nan out Old Naned the book Old Nan?
- Pip and Grenn are two more great casting choices. Knew who they were before Tyrion pointed them out.
- I forgot about Pycelle's epic beard.
370	Mya Stone	2011-05-01	I appreciated the choice to show Jorah being shady in regards to learning the news that Dany is with child. 
Loved Syrio. Had a shit-eating grin on my face the entire scene. 
The only thing I missed (dialogue-wise) was Ned's comparing Arya to Lyanna. I totally appreciated how they took inner monologue and made it dialogue, though, as when Ned told Catelyn he would go to Robert and hope he was the man he used to be. (I missed the "And not the man I fear he's become," but I can't have everything. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) 
Also, where's julandro? He's gonna be so happy Lancel was finally shown!
371	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	Me too! But probably because I always imagined him as old and gross in the books. And I totally have a huge weakness for redheads! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Ginger kids...
372	SergioCQH	2011-05-01	This episode jumped around even more than the pilot did. So many story lines getting only one or two scenes. No room for character development. Too much fan service as far as background history goes. A bit disappointing at the moment to be honest.
373	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	As an avid reader of the books, I loved the episode. I just hope non-readers enjoyed it. The pace was certainly slowed, which I think needed after last week's breakneck speed. Loved Syrio. As good as the Jon and Tyrion have been, Arya is stealing the show!
My only complaint, where is Ghost? Hell, where is Grey Wind and Summer? Surely Summer should be on or near Bran's bed at all times.
Nitpicking, loved it.
374	Slyfinger	2011-05-01	Also, where's julandro? He's gonna be so happy Lancel was finally shown!Not until him and Cersei are fucking.Like dogs.
375	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	I appreciated the choice to show Jorah being shady in regards to learning the news that Dany is with child. About that scene -- why did Jorah have to ride all the way to Qohor to get a goat?  Is that just a reference for fans of the book to the Black Goat of Qohor?
376	Starkess	2011-05-01	My only complaint, where is Ghost? Hell, where is Grey Wind and Summer? Surely Summer should be on or near Bran's bed at all times.Yeah, totally agree. I know there are the training issues, but how hard would it be to have Summer lying on the floor or Bran's bed? Or have Ghost at Jon's sentry post on the Wall? Think it was a mistake to have an entire episode without a glimpse of dog!wolf hair.
377	WarGalley	2011-05-01	Just so!  I have to watch it again, but did she tell Bran about spiders north of the Wall as big as houses?  Spiders?As big as hounds (which is from the book iirc). Of course I've always hoped/imagined them as big as houses/elephants but thats just my delusion..
378	XBL	2011-05-01	Game of Thrones continues to make an hour seem to last about ten minutes.  Loved that we finally get to the capital to meet Littlefinger and Varys.  I think some people might have a problem with the Viserys/Dany scene but I actually don't mind the change.  It shows how weak Viserys is, that seconds after screaming about how he is the king, he is meekly made to submit by Rakharo, who at this point is just a rider.  
I liked the Cersei/Joffrey scene.  Jack Gleeson is impressing me as Joffrey so far.  He is arrogant, immature, obviously cruel, and you already wish GRRM had killed him off earlier just because he is such a little prick.  I also enjoyed the scene with Robert, Ser Barristan and Jaime.
379	Balefont	2011-05-01	My non-reader friend loved it, so no worries.  He sat there at the end and said, "I keep hoping if I sit here long enough, they'll play the next episode." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
380	Mya Stone	2011-05-01	About that scene -- why did Jorah have to ride all the way to Qohor to get a goat?  Is that just a reference for fans of the book to the Black Goat of Qohor?I assumed it was the nearest city to be able to send a raven, and he was using getting a goat for Dany as his cover. (I didn't remember the black goat of Qohor, hahaha.)
381	End of Disc One	2011-05-01	About that scene -- why did Jorah have to ride all the way to Qohor to get a goat?  Is that just a reference for fans of the book to the Black Goat of Qohor?I was wondering the same thing.  Been a while since I've read these books (6 years)
382	WarGalley	2011-05-01	Just so!  I have to watch it again, but did she tell Bran about spiders north of the Wall as big as houses?  Spiders?As big as hounds (which is from the book iirc). Of course I've always hoped/imagined them as big as houses/elephants but thats just my delusion..
383	Starkess	2011-05-01	I liked the Cersei/Joffrey scene.  Jack Gleeson is impressing me as Joffrey so far.  He is arrogant, immature, obviously cruel, and you already wish GRRM had killed him off earlier just because he is such a little prick.  I also enjoyed the scene with Robert, Ser Barristan and Jaime.Au contraire, I love that we get to glory in his smug bastardness, knowing what is coming! It's building anticipation!!Also, did they mention Barristan's name? Missed it if they did.
384	Myrddin	2011-05-01	Syrio!  Squeeee!Yup. Me too.He doesn't look anything like the Syrio in my head while reading, but he is stil a perfect Syrio on screen. Awesome. Just so.(Of all the characters I wish were still alive, I put him on the top. Yes, I secretly hope he's a face dancer and still alive somewhere)The hour episodes are becoming kind of confining, though. They have too much to cram in each week to touch on the myriad number of stories. They are doing a good job of giving us enough of the key players each week, but I hope thye can keep it up as characters embark on their own storylines.
385	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-01	It was ok. Non readers are not going to be digging this episode.
386	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-01	It's funny that everyone seems to think this episode was slower. For me it was faster than either of the first two episodes, zipping back and forth between locations and characters. It was too much. But I've got to rewatch it now, and then maybe I'll have more coherent thoughts.
No Direwolves, booooooooooooooooo.
387	O'san'gar's Razor	2011-05-01	I wonder if this will impact a Feast of Crows.Is Cersei naturally more "Tywin-like" in this universe or is she going to just ignore all of her own advice?She is plenty cunning in the books.  It's lack of judgment that trips her up; she fools herself as often as anyone else.
388	Balefont	2011-05-01	It was ok. Non readers are not going to be digging this episode.I disagree.I think, being fans of the books, we may be trying to expect too much and are projecting that on the non-reader audience.  In this episode, people got to fall in love with Jon and Tyrion.  They got to experience the desolation of the Wall and the Night's Watch.  They found out Bran is a cripple.  They find out about Ned/Little Finger/Cat.  They get Robert's reminiscing about his glory days and more back story on the Kingslayer.  Dany is taking control and Jorah openly chose her over her brother, the "rightful king"  Perhaps not a lot of action but tons of juicy tidbits.And Arya gets to learn sword fighting!
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 01 May 2011 - 09:31 PM.
389	Lord Godric	2011-05-01	About that scene -- why did Jorah have to ride all the way to Qohor to get a goat?  Is that just a reference for fans of the book to the Black Goat of Qohor?Hah, I just thought they were trying to come up with a lame excuse so people question his motives, to foreshadow Jorah's spying. Au contraire, I love that we get to glory in his smug bastardness, knowing what is coming! It's building anticipation!!Also, did they mention Barristan's name? Missed it if they did.Was the King's Guard guy Robert was talking to Barristan? I thought it must have been, but I always picture Barristan to look more like Gandalf or Dumbledore.  Long white hair, massive white beard.
390	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	My non-reader friend loved it, so no worries.  He sat there at the end and said, "I keep hoping if I sit here long enough, they'll play the next episode." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Husband feels the same way.  He also commented that he likes the screen writing.  Thinks D&D did an awesome job, but then says they had a great book to start with (he only has my word, but he seems sure of that)
391	XBL	2011-05-01	Au contraire, I love that we get to glory in his smug bastardness, knowing what is coming! It's building anticipation!!Also, did they mention Barristan's name? Missed it if they did.True.  It is awesome watching these characters doing their thing.  Baelor's Sept will be one hell of a scene.  They didn't mention Barristan's name in that scene, I just assumed it was him because he was an older man and mentioned the Kingswood Brotherhood.
					
					
							Edited by XBL, 01 May 2011 - 09:33 PM.
392	Myrddin	2011-05-01	As big as hounds (which is from the book iirc). Of course I've always hoped/imagined them as big as houses/elephants but thats just my delusion..Only in Superman (or the Wild Wild West) should there ever be house-sized spiders.It is known.
393	Starkess	2011-05-01	Was the King's Guard guy Robert was talking to Barristan? I thought it must have been, but I always picture Barristan to look more like Gandalf or Dumbledore.  Long white hair, massive white beard.I always imagined him with a beard too--is that in the books? Been so long since I've read them!But yeah, I was like "Who is this?!" for a while and then decided it must be Barristan.
394	Linda	2011-05-01	They're definitely writing Cersei as much smarter than she ought to be. And oh, how annoying it is. She's not displaying "low cunning", she's being a Tywin with tits.
395	IheartTesla	2011-05-01	Syrio stuff, spoilered just to be sure:
	Spoiler It will be interesting if they get the same actor who played Syrio to also play Jaqen Hagar in the second season. Maybe get him to shave off that fuzz on his face, lose some pounds, straighten out those ridiculous jheri curls and lengthen his hair and it could be done.

I think he was meant to represent some sort of meditteranean/italian fencing master, although it wasnt so specific in the books from what I recall.
The episode was ok, although expository in nature again. I think we'll see some sort of alternation of such episodes, with ep 4 racheting up the tension again. And yeah, Lancel was ridiculous.
					
					
							Edited by cyrano, 01 May 2011 - 09:39 PM.
396	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	Also, did they mention Barristan's name? Missed it if they did.No, they didn't, and I had to stop myself from filling it in.
397	Myrddin	2011-05-01	Oh, was I the only one disappointed a bit with Renly? Yes, he was barely htere, but he came across as... nothing. Just a smile and a welcome. No personality.
My only nit pick of the episode, though.
398	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Only in Superman (or the Wild Wild West) should there ever be house-sized spiders.It is known.Or In Harry Potter.  Just so.  (Actually, I'm glad to learn she said 'hounds' and not 'houses.'  I was like.. WHAT?)
399	Sivek	2011-05-01	Only real problem I have is the lack of the wolves, in particular Ghost who has shown up for about 5 seconds of screentime in 3 episodes.  Can't help but think that non-readers don't really get a good sense of the bond between the Starks and their wolves.  If I didn't read the books, there's a decent chance I would forget that Robb and Jon even have wolves.
400	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	They're definitely writing Cersei as much smarter than she ought to be. And oh, how annoying it is. She's not displaying "low cunning", she's being a Tywin with tits.She was cunning in the books too even if she didn't make all the right decisions.
401	Lord Godric	2011-05-01	Oh, was I the only one disappointed a bit with Renly? Yes, he was barely htere, but he came across as... nothing. Just a smile and a welcome. No personality.My only nit pick of the episode, though.I actually liked Renly already.  I thought he displayed as much personality as he could in the short scene he had.  Particularly with his quips about his brother.
402	Balefont	2011-05-01	Another thing I noticed about this episode is that so many of the common complaints (aside from the lack of Direwolves on screen) - about earlier episodes - do not appear to be present any longer.  All that bitching for nothing. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 01 May 2011 - 09:37 PM.
403	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	I always imagined him with a beard too--is that in the books? Been so long since I've read them!But yeah, I was like "Who is this?!" for a while and then decided it must be Barristan.Kinda spoilerish...He grows a beard as he travels across the narrow sea to find Dany as Arstan.
404	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	Oh, was I the only one disappointed a bit with Renly? Yes, he was barely htere, but he came across as... nothing. Just a smile and a welcome. No personality.My only nit pick of the episode, though.I wish he had been wearing something more colorful.  I always thought he was a totaly fop.
405	Linda	2011-05-01	She was cunning in the books too even if she didn't make all the right decisions.Cunning, yes. Not cool and calculating like this. Book-Cersei would never have given Joffrey moderate, sensible advice.
406	XBL	2011-05-01	Quick thought about Cersei.  They do seem to be writing her as a more capable ruler/plotter from what we have seen, but even in the books you didn't really get to see her weaknesses in that area until
	Spoiler Tyrion arrives in King's Landing as Hand and starts outplotting her.
  I don't think the character of Cersei will be too different than the one from the books overall.
					
					
							Edited by XBL, 01 May 2011 - 09:40 PM.
407	koifishkid	2011-05-01	Argh! Every episode goes by so quickly! This one was tough because there was no natural "cliffhanger" ending like in the first two episodes, but I felt unsatisfied when it was over. I'll have to watch it again.
Some nitpicks:
-No direwolves! At all!
-Tyrion comes in and sics the queen on Grenn and Pyp when they attack Jon. I think this would make them resent Jon more, so it's jarring that the next scene with all of them in it has him happily giving them fencing tips. The book's events made more sense.
-Dany was too uncertain in the scene with Viserys--she should have made him walk rather than leaving it up to the Dothraki.
-The Robert and Jaime scene felt unneccessary.
Best parts:
-Syrio Forel!
-Littlefinger! The casting is perfect here and I love his verbal sparring with Ned.
408	Shinstar Dragon	2011-05-01	Loved the episode as always.  It is going by too FAST.  I hope that when the blu-ray comes out, they offer a feature where you can do a marathon watching of the show with no breaks between episodes.  Just a 10 hour long movie!
I'm a bit concerned about the lack of dire wolves again.  I forgave them last time because Lady and Summer were so prominent.  But Ghost needs to get more screen time.  He's a big part of Jon IMO.  I mean, how hard can it be to just show him hanging out in Jon's room or walking alongside Jon?  Or even something as simple as Jon giving him some scraps just to remind people, oh his wolf went with him.
Syrio was awesome.  I pictured him a bit older with greying hair though.  I can't wait to see him in action against the knights coming for Arya.
BTW.  Up to this point, has anyone been called "Ser" yet?
409	Blue Steel	2011-05-01	Cunning, yes. Not cool and calculating like this. Book-Cersei would never have given Joffrey moderate, sensible advice.Funny since that's exactly what she did in the book when she told Joffrey to let Ned take the black.
410	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Cunning, yes. Not cool and calculating like this. Book-Cersei would never have given Joffrey moderate, sensible advice.My quibble with HBO Cersei is her endlessly pinched expression--pursed lips, furrowed brow, pissed off, worried.  Even when she and Jaime are all intimate, there's no...melting into the scene, just the same pissed off, furrowed brow, pursed lips.  Sheesh, if you're gonna 'do' your twin, lady, at least get into it while its happening.
411	Faint	2011-05-01	People forget, Cersei's insanity is a progressive thing.  She is actually quite put together until Jaime gets captured.  That gets the ball rolling and then when they're under imminent threat of invasion from Stannis' forces, it gets worse.  Finally, when her father shows up and Joffrey dies, she becomes unhinged.  Had Cersei from Book 4 been the Cersei in Book 1, then she would have been the one calling for Ned's head.
412	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	Yeah, Cersie even in the books is in great control through GOT. It isn't until Jaime is captured and Tyrion becomes Hand that you start to see her lose control. It all goes downhill from there. But the first book, she is certainly a cold, cunning character.
413	End of Disc One	2011-05-01	Funny since that's exactly what she did in the book when she told Joffrey to let Ned take the black.That's only moderate compared to Joffrey's utterly insane choice.
414	Balefont	2011-05-01	My quibble with HBO Cersei is her endlessly pinched expression--pursed lips, furrowed brow, pissed off, worried.  Even when she and Jaime are all intimate, there's no...melting into the scene, just the same pissed off, furrowed brow, pursed lips.  Sheesh, if you're gonna 'do' your twin, lady, at least get into it while its happening.I think her character, being in a constant state of concern and stress, having a worried expression and rarely being able to enjoy a moment completely fits.<Tom Hanks in a League of Their Own tantrum>  There's no romance in a Game of Thrones!  There's no romance in a Game of Thrones!  </Tom Hanks in a League of Their Own tantrum>
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 01 May 2011 - 09:50 PM.
415	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-01	About that scene -- why did Jorah have to ride all the way to Qohor to get a goat?  Is that just a reference for fans of the book to the Black Goat of Qohor?I might have missed it but I thought he was going to Qohor to send the message to King's Landing that Dany is pregnant. I didn't think he gave any explanation as to why was going to Qohor, but if he did then he just used the goat as an excuse.I'm sad to read some people really don't enjoy the way Ceresi is being portrayed in the series. I really did Headey's performance and think she's being great in the role. The non-book reader I saw the episode with thoroughly enjoyed it too. Especially the scenes with Eddard and Arya and Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 01 May 2011 - 09:51 PM.
416	IheartTesla	2011-05-01	I didnt even get it was Barristan with Robert trading war stories. When they showed Jamie and him standing side by side, I thought 'wait a minute, what is Tywin doing here in KL? He doesn't show up until much later. I hope they havent departed from the books that much.'So far they've stayed with 4 locations (Wall, Winterfell, KL and Vaes Dothrak), and the number of characters is quite overwhelming. It'll be interesting to see how they juggle more locations and characters. Although to be fair its mainly the Vale.They did show Renly as having...certain mannerisms. Also interesting to see how much they will be able to show, not tell.
417	Bill Idol	2011-05-01	/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> 
	Spoiler syrio is moammar gadhafi

 /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
418	Faint	2011-05-01	Part of the problem is we don't get a POV from her until the fourth book so it muddles the pictures.  But all the evidence shows that she was quite competent in the first book.  She out maneuvered Ned and would have sent him to the Wall if Joffrey didn't screw up her plans.  After that Jaime gets captured, both Baratheons rise against her and the Lannister forces get stuck dealing with Robb Stark in the west.  That's the point when things start changing on her end and the stress engulfs her.  Something which I think is pretty effectively captured in the scene where she breaks down in tears in front of Tyrion of all people.
					
					
							Edited by Alleluia Cone, 01 May 2011 - 09:53 PM.
419	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	I think her character, being in a constant state of concern and stress, having a worried expression and rarely being able to enjoy a moment completely fits.<Tom Hanks in a League of Their Own tantrum>  There's no romance in a Game of Thrones!  There's no romance in a Game of Thrones!  </Tom Hanks in a League of Their Own tantrum>Yikes, chill, my friend.  The sneering isn't necessary, really.  I'm not talking about 'romance.'  Everybody--everybody in this story is in a constant state of concern and stress.  Yet, Ned smiles and laughs and enjoys his time with Arya, goofy Robert's expression changes and warms when he reminisces about his glorious murdering and whoring days.  Cersei's expression always seems the same to me, no matter the setting.  That's all.  Nothing to sneer about.
420	VikingLegion	2011-05-01	Cunning, yes. Not cool and calculating like this. Book-Cersei would never have given Joffrey moderate, sensible advice.Hmmm... granted I've only read the books once, but I thought of Cersei as a pretty formidable opponent.  She goes about the game a little differently than the other players, but I never underestimated her capacity for scheming or ability to manipulate a situation to her advantage.  It seems a more than a few posters rank her pretty low on the totem pole.  /shrug, I always thought of her as much more than a beautiful face, and definitely a force to be reckoned with.  I also think Lena Headey is a great fit, both physically and with what she's doing with the role.  Am I in the minority on this one?Funny moment tonight while watching with the wife (she hasn't read the books).  During the scene where Cersei is consoling Joff and telling him the "true" version of his little scuffle down at the river, my wife looks at Joffrey and says, "He's not the king's son is he?  He's the creepy brother's...."  I'm going to give myself an A+ for very subtly steering away from that one without confirming nor denying anything.Overall I think that episode must've been the hardest for non-readers so far.  Jumping around from north to south to Essos at a dizzying pace, yet not a whole lot of action in each locale.  I hope episode 4 doesn't see a bit of a dip in numbers with some people jumping off the bandwagon from this one.  The scene with belligerent Robert seemed to drag on a bit and not really go anywhere other than to introduce Lancel.On the plus side, I care way more about the Dany arc in the show than I did in the books.  Same with Arya, I was lukewarm to her while reading, but she's really won me over now - and I feel I may read her differently when I eventually go back to the books.  Bean continues to be fantastic, I can't get enough of his scenes.  I have to stop glancing at the clock while watching this show - I get so pissed off when I realize there's only 10 or so minutes left and I have to wait another week for my next fix.
421	Ran	2011-05-01	Out-maneuvering Ned is like out-muscling Old Nan.
422	Faint	2011-05-01	Out-maneuvering Ned is like out-muscling Old Nan.True, but she understood basic logic like, "we probably shouldn't kill him otherwise the North will descend down upon us."By the fourth book, I question whether she would have been able to see even that.
423	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Out-maneuvering Ned is like out-muscling Old Nan.Yes, it made me sad when Littlefinger observed to himself: 'Stark.  Quick temper.  Slow wit.'  Sad because I love(d) the Starks.
424	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	Hmmm... granted I've only read the books once, but I thought of Cersei as a pretty formidable opponent.  She goes about the game a little differently than the other players, but I never underestimated her capacity for scheming or ability to manipulate a situation to her advantage.  It seems a more than a few posters rank her pretty low on the totem pole.  /shrug, I always thought of her as much more than a beautiful face, and definitely a force to be reckoned with.  I also think Lena Headey is a great fit, both physically and with what she's doing with the role.  Am I in the minority on this one?Funny moment tonight while watching with the wife (she hasn't read the books).  During the scene where Cersei is consoling Joff and telling him the "true" version of his little scuffle down at the river, my wife looks at Joffrey and says, "He's not the king's son is he?  He's the creepy brother's...."  I'm going to give myself an A+ for very subtly steering away from that one without confirming nor denying anything.Overall I think that episode must've been the hardest for non-readers so far.  Jumping around from north to south to Essos at a dizzying pace, yet not a whole lot of action in each locale.  I hope episode 4 doesn't see a bit of a dip in numbers with some people jumping off the bandwagon from this one.  The scene with belligerent Robert seemed to drag on a bit and not really go anywhere other than to introduce Lancel.On the plus side, I care way more about the Dany arc in the show than I did in the books.  Same with Arya, I was lukewarm to her while reading, but she's really won me over now - and I feel I may read her differently when I eventually go back to the books.  Bean continues to be fantastic, I can't get enough of his scenes.  I have to stop glancing at the clock while watching this show - I get so pissed off when I realize there's only 10 or so minutes left and I have to wait another week for my next fix.Maybe it's just me, but I loved the scene with Robert. I think it's great that in true Robert form his council is session as he is drinking and trading war stories with men who have been serving him for years and no doubt heard it before. I love the fact that show is showing that Robert truly does not give a damn as to how his kingdom is being run.I also like rational Jaime in front Barriston and Robert. It gives some insight as to who we see in later books.
425	Charles Phipps	2011-05-01	It's a small change but it has potentially big ramifications. Cersei here is shown as being very cool and calculating, which she's trying to impart on Joffery. This is something that will have an impact as well.
Joffrey will PROBABLY ignore it, but he's already coming across as much more sensible than Viserys.
When, both are "mad kings."
426	Recentiy03	2011-05-01	I didnt even get it was Barristan with Robert trading war stories. When they showed Jamie and him standing side by side, I thought 'wait a minute, what is Tywin doing here in KL? He doesn't show up until much later. I hope they havent departed from the books that much.'So far they've stayed with 4 locations (Wall, Winterfell, KL and Vaes Dothrak), and the number of characters is quite overwhelming. It'll be interesting to see how they juggle more locations and characters. Although to be fair its mainly the Vale.They did show Renly as having...certain mannerisms. Also interesting to see how much they will be able to show, not tell.Wow, you're right...I thought it was Tywin until I just saw this. I was thinking I don't remember Tywin fighting in that battle but sorta just accepted it was Tywin anyway...I guess it makes more sense not being Tywin...I think Robert would have been slightly more respectful. Maybe. Funny about Renly, I was wondering about that...and the Knight of Flowers was called the Knight of the Flowers.
					
					
							Edited by Recentiy03, 01 May 2011 - 10:11 PM.
427	Rockroi	2011-05-01	I really enjoyed the brand new scenes that were not in the books.  I think that this episode was far slower than the last (to say nothing of the first), but it worked in its favor.  Everyone got a chance to inhale and see where we were all standing. 
The brand new scenes all worked really well.  From Robert shooting the shit with Selmy and Jaime to Cersei engaging in political talk I thought the add ons were incredible.  
Enjoyed the Wall.
Really enjoyed Yoren and Sorell.  
And Ned Stark going into his past watching Arya step into her future.  Winter is coming.
428	Faint	2011-05-01	I also think you have to give Cersei credit for murdering Robert in a nice little scheme.  If Ned and Stannis weren't already on to her, the way Robert died made for pretty good cover.
429	Trebla	2011-05-01	I was amused at the icy look Ned gave to Steward Pompous Pants who suggested Ned might change before attending council.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
Be interested to see if Ser Barrisan attends any council meetings. I know he wasn't at the first one in the book. I also wonder when Stannis will be mentioned. He was first mentioned in the book at that council meeting.
Very interested to see when the mystery of the dagger will be revealed. My dad was majorly confused by it 
My biggest disappointed was that the "When the snows fall and the white winds blow..." line was not adapted to the show. That is probably my favorite line in the entire series and it perfectly explains Ned's meaning of family. 
Loved the scene with Jorah Mormont where he and Rakharo talk combat. Good stuff and Mormont's running off to write that note was excellent. Overall I think it was the best episode yet in the young season. Flew by despite it being a full hour.
430	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	Oh, the husband did get that Littlefinger was a lying liar who lies!!!  He asked "would Tyrion bet against his brother?" so that was well done.   /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
431	Valmy	2011-05-01	But all the evidence shows that she was quite competent in the first book.It looked to me like she only won because Littlefinger wanted her to.  She certainly gave herself all the credit of course.
432	shibby	2011-05-01	Missed the "friend" exchange btw Tyrion and John on top of the wall.  I thought that exchange was a very important one for future events btw them
					
					
							Edited by shibby, 01 May 2011 - 10:22 PM.
433	aeu	2011-05-01	Oh, the husband did get that Littlefinger was a lying liar who lies!!!  He asked "would Tyrion bet against his brother?" so that was well done.   /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That's a great observation for a non-reader.
434	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	Missed the "friend" exchange btw Tyrion and John on top of the wall.  I thought that exchange was a very important one for future events btw themEh, the handshake was enough. Four going on five books and no Tyrion/Jon reunion. In fact any help for the wall Tyrion offers is more for Mormont then anything else.
435	Balefont	2011-05-01	Yikes, chill, my friend.  The sneering isn't necessary, really.  I'm not talking about 'romance.'  Everybody--everybody in this story is in a constant state of concern and stress.  Yet, Ned smiles and laughs and enjoys his time with Arya, goofy Robert's expression changes and warms when he reminisces about his glorious murdering and whoring days.  Cersei's expression always seems the same to me, no matter the setting.  That's all.  Nothing to sneer about.Sorry, I was going with a statement of my opinion followed by an attempt at humor.Ned is more of a pure soul than Cersei so, to me, it fits that she's constantly looking for ways to scheme and protect her position as a queen, mother of a future king, lover of her twin brother, etc.  As Jaime says in the first episode to her, "You worry too much."
436	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-01	Watching it a second time:  the look on Ned's face as he watches Cat exit...you just know he'll neber see her again.
437	Charles Phipps	2011-05-01	That's a great observation for a non-reader.It's weird, Jaime's characterization is the most off.1. He seems less passionately devoted to Cersei, basically treating him as his girlfriend he doesn't like much with the way he talks to her.2. Jaime oddly talks about how killing Aerys "felt like justice." He also mentions, "Let them all burn." If he's not saying that he killed Aerys because he was going to burn down the city, he certainly is coming damn close.This in stark contrast to Jaime who is a jackass because no one would believe him. Oddly, this means this Jaime is a jackass because... well he's just a jackass.
438	Phantomwriter05	2011-05-01	This is by far my favorite episode so far. 
First off I love the Cersei and Joffery scene. This is one of those scenes where I<U+0092>m truely happy Lena Headey didn<U+0092>t read the books. Because I know alot of other actress would have played Cersei as a mindless bimbo. 
But Lena comes off as a mother who absolutly spoils her children, but at the same time was every bit a father figure to Joffery. 
Judging by the <U+0093>War Stories<U+0094> Scene with Robert being bilgerent and down right mean it would seem that Cersei is trying to be both mother and father to her children. 
Her Battle Commander persona makes me miss Sarah Connor so much <U+0085>
The War stories scene is one of my favorites because it shows how each soldier deals with their first kill. It was telling of how very different some of the characters are. 
Old barristan is a gentleman through and through <U+0085> I love how he doesn<U+0092>t feel comfortable reveling in the killing of other men. 
On the other hand we see Robert as someone who really does enjoy killing things <U+0085> and though it may be a red herring to those non readers. It shows just where Joffery might have gotten his sadistic attitude. 
Once again Selmy was a freakin gentlemen to sit there and listen to Robert brag taking away someone<U+0092>s future. 
I really don<U+0092>t like Robert (Though Mark Addy is playing him so great, I<U+0092>m loving the preformance) 
Ned/Catelyn is always great and this time there chemistry is much more awesome than in the book. 
I love the <U+0093>Ned!<U+0094> Scene at the brothel with Ned/Catelyn/Littlefinger when he was choking the crap out of Petyr. 
I feel guilty about this <U+0085> but I<U+0092>m loving Cersei/Jaime. I really buy into their love. Even if it<U+0092>s so wrong. 
Robb and Bran FTW! 
On a personal note I felt so bad for Ned when Sansa spit on his gift. Coming from a house with a spoiled older sister like Sansa it always gets me down to someone do that to a parent. 
Eitherway that<U+0092>s all I got <U+0085> 
PS. Next week more Ned/Cersei
439	VikingLegion	2011-05-01	Maybe it's just me, but I loved the scene with Robert. I think it's great that in true Robert form his council is session as he is drinking and trading war stories with men who have been serving him for years and no doubt heard it before. I love the fact that show is showing that Robert truly does not give a damn as to how his kingdom is being run.I also like rational Jaime in front Barriston and Robert. It gives some insight as to who we see in later books.Yeah I see what you're saying, but I think Robert is coming across as downright awful.  Granted he's not meant to be a great and wise king or anything of that nature, but in the books I read him sort of like that college buddy who's just a great big buffoon.  You know, the guy that gets ripped drunk at a a party and makes a complete ass out of himself.  Has a million bawdy stories to tell.  He never quite grows up and matures, and while you would never trust him with any kind of real responsibility, deep down he's a decent (albeit a bit misguided) guy.This Robert, for me, is coming off as much more mean spirited and a bit less jovial.  Again I've only read the books once, so perhaps my perception of the Robert character is not congruent with the majority of the fan base or GRRM's initial vision.  Maybe in this condensed format he just has to more quickly get across the point of how ruling the 7 kingdoms has worn him down and sapped some of his good cheer.Oh and before I forget - your handle "Tywin's Golden Deuce" is absolutely f'ing brilliant.
440	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	It's weird, Jaime's characterization is the most off.1. He seems less passionately devoted to Cersei, basically treating him as his girlfriend he doesn't like much with the way he talks to her.2. Jaime oddly talks about how killing Aerys "felt like justice." He also mentions, "Let them all burn." If he's not saying that he killed Aerys because he was going to burn down the city, he certainly is coming damn close.This in stark contrast to Jaime who is a jackass because no one would believe him. Oddly, this means this Jaime is a jackass because... well he's just a jackass.Ned in the books judged Jaime 14 years ago and does so on screen as no matter what Jaime says won't be good enough for Stark. I don't think anyone takes him serious anymore since breaking his oath to Aerys, even though Selmy does as well before the war is over. Jaime could probably admit to caches of wildfire around the city on a high holy day in Baelor's sept and everyone would snicker at him.
441	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-01	Hmmm... granted I've only read the books once, but I thought of Cersei as a pretty formidable opponent.  She goes about the game a little differently than the other players, but I never underestimated her capacity for scheming or ability to manipulate a situation to her advantage.  It seems a more than a few posters rank her pretty low on the totem pole.  /shrug, I always thought of her as much more than a beautiful face, and definitely a force to be reckoned with.  I also think Lena Headey is a great fit, both physically and with what she's doing with the role.  Am I in the minority on this one?What's funny is that everyone is complaining about how Cersei is too 'formidable,' but what is she formidable about?Mostly it's about how Joffery should deal with women. She's basically describing her own experience when she talks about Joffery and Sansa's future. So she's giving her son girl-advice.Other than that, the advice about not controlling the North didn't seem particularly cunning to me - it seemed like common knowledge that a pompous teenager needs to be told, since he thinks he's a tough guy, all 'I'll kick their asses with my army.' And the thing about making your own truth when you become king - seems perfectly reasonable when coming from Cersei. On a rewatch, I decided there was a lot to like in this episode. Loved Yoren, bttw. I like that they're giving him more screen time so that we'll be more upset when shit goes down in season 2.
442	Isabella Stark	2011-05-01	Watching it a second time:  the look on Ned's face as he watches Cat exit...you just know he'll neber see her again.It seemed so obvious, that scene should have had a spoiler warning.Other thoughts:Barristan looked exactly right, like an old military guy who's still got it.I like how we're getting to know the Dothraki better. And generally enjoying Dany's storyline better- I wasn't particularly interested in it when I read the book.And I've got to agree with everyone about wanting more direwolves. I've been all for waiting to see how things develop, but by this time, it the connection with the direwolves should be very apparent.
443	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-01	Yeah I see what you're saying, but I think Robert is coming across as downright awful.  Granted he's not meant to be a great and wise king or anything of that nature, but in the books I read him sort of like that college buddy who's just a great big buffoon.  You know, the guy that gets ripped drunk at a a party and makes a complete ass out of himself.  Has a million bawdy stories to tell.  He never quite grows up and matures, and while you would never trust him with any kind of real responsibility, deep down he's a decent (albeit a bit misguided) guy.This Robert, for me, is coming off as much more mean spirited and a bit less jovial.  Again I've only read the books once, so perhaps my perception of the Robert character is not congruent with the majority of the fan base or GRRM's initial vision.  Maybe in this condensed format he just has to more quickly get across the point of how ruling the 7 kingdoms has worn him down and sapped some of his good cheer.Oh and before I forget - your handle "Tywin's Golden Deuce" is absolutely f'ing brilliant.You are pretty right on with Robert when concerning Ned as far as the jovial college buddy goes, however read the books again and see how he interacts with Lancel and Barriston before the second day of the tourney. Addy has this nailed.Thanks for the compliment!
444	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-01	Excellent episode.  That look on Dany's face when she tells Drago about their son was amazing.  Robert's reminiscing about his youth in terms of first kills was the finest scene for me.  That actor has a true presence about him.  Tyrion continues to live up to the hype.  Bring on number 4.
445	Triskan	2011-05-01	My non-reader friend loved it, so no worries.  He sat there at the end and said, "I keep hoping if I sit here long enough, they'll play the next episode." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well they need not worry.  Technically that is a certainty!!!  I hope you can bring him/her food and water for the week though.I'm just loving the whole thing.Syrio!   But I thought the end was Ned watching proudly at first but then feeling a great premonition about the danger of things.Great to finally see LF, and fuck me, I can't believe it's Tommy Carcetti.Snow whooping the others but then transitioning to training them later was nice.  Tyrion's little threat to them about their heads on pikes was great.Jorah Mormont is very well cast.  I don't know that actor, but I like him.  The Dragon got served.  Can't wait for next week.
446	Areo	2011-05-01	Well, they just keep getting better, don't they?
447	Lannes	2011-05-01	Loved, loved, loved Jaime's line about Aery's last words being let them all burn...and the reaction shot of Robert. Just great....
448	Ser Greguh	2011-05-01	The way some people are complaining, I'm beginning to think there's going to be bitching if Lena Headey's performance as Cersei is anything on the Einstein side of Full Retard.  Did you even listen to the advice she was giving?  It wasn't exactly what you would call graduate-level tactics: she's telling her son the reasons why he can't just invade the North and expect them to slaughter their kin on his say-so.  I mean, it's good advice and all, but as far as Westerosi domestic policy goes let's not pretend it's past the 101 weeder course.
I think how they're portraying Cersei is completely accurate to her presence in the books up to this point: she gets to be the smart one for now because she's the only card in play with any intrigue points on her at all.  Once Tyrion arrives on the scene and he, Littlefinger, and Varys start tapping their moves for real, she will quickly drown in her abundant inadequacies, and rightly so.
449	CryFenril	2011-05-01	Oh Syrio, my Syrio, that last five minutes was the best part of the episode! I noticed right away that the VAST majority of the dialog had been changed for this episode - but when Syrio came in, it was word for word. Makes up for it, in my book. Still no Ghost. *sigh* Robert's war-talk scene was a nice development, and I have no problem with the way Lancel looked - after all, he's still just a little weenie squire. He hasn't... erm... well... give him time. Jamie finally took off the "Firefly" duster for a while. Thank you. Sansa needs a good whipping. Joffrey, my boy, I am SO looking forward to this.
450	Brude	2011-05-01	I'm loving it, this episode was my favorite so far.  (I've ranked them a 7, 8 and now 9 for this one.)  The invented scenes were among my very favorites, D&D are damn good writers and are doing a great job creating material that feels 'of this world.'The final scene with Syrio and Arya was my favorite, though.  I just had a big, shit-eating grin on my face through the whole things, so good, but I loved how they twisted it at the end with Ned watching and as Arya trains and gets poked repeatedly by Syrio, being 'killed' each time, he starts to hear the ring and clash of battle from his memories and his expression just goes dark, or maybe it's ashen.  Bean played that moment perfectly.didn't realize the Braavosi accent would be Russian, but liked how they showed him with AryaGreek, probably.  The actor is Greek.- Am I the only one who thought this Old Nan out Old Naned the book Old Nan?She's perfect, it's a sad shame the actress died soon after shooting the season.- I forgot about Pycelle's epic beard.He doesn't look anything like he did in Empire when he played General Veers.  He's doing a great job, he's just like I imagined Pycell.
451	Ormond	2011-05-01	I wasn't able to watch the earlier showing and so didn't have time to read most of the previous posts on the thread.
But I have to agree that the actors playing both Littlefinger and Syrio Forel were fantastic. I loved the whole episode, but they were the best part for me. Miltos Yerolemou's delivery of his lines was perfect. I think I'm impressed with the character much more after seeing this portrayal than I was from just reading the same lines in the book. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
452	Trebla	2011-05-01	Speaking pf Pycelle...liked how he "forgot" to give Ned the news about Bran that morning. Then we see Cersei berating Jaime with the news. Wonder how she found out /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Also loved the irony of Robert berating Lancel about running out of wine then ordering him to go get more.
453	Vuron	2011-05-01	I was concerned and a little upset when it was announced that the kingsguard wouldn't be wearing white armor.  I think my concerns might have been a little justified with the confusion as to whether, or not, Barristan was the one speaking with Robert.  I really don't understand the decision to change the armor.  I always thought the KG should stand out and be the focus of attention.  I think they were, at least, wearing white cloaks in this episode.
I didn't think that I'd like the casting of Syrio because I always pictured him as a quick, skinny, man.  I'm glad that I was wrong and the scene with Syrio and Arya was great.
Does anyone know how IMDB works?  I noticed that Samwell and Tywin are given credit for being in this episode.  Tywin is supposed to be in 8 episodes and Sam is supposed to be in 7.
					
					
							Edited by Vuron, 01 May 2011 - 11:49 PM.
454	Commodore	2011-05-01	All of the characters at Castle Black are pitch perfect, particularly Benjen and Yoren.
Jorah is also great, he's an anchor for that whole storyline.
455	alguien	2011-05-01	Two quick comments:
I loved the hell out of Old Nan's "Ser Duncan the Tall" line.  Effing awesome. 
Where the bloody hell was Ghost!?! If there having problems training the dog, they need to fix that shit quick.
Still, fantastic episode!!!
456	TheBerk	2011-05-02	I don't understand the issues with Ghost.
He was in episode 2 at the scene when Jon and Tyrion are talking on the way north. You see him in the long shot before they start talking.
In this episode he did not appear, but the scenes with Jon in the book did not have Ghost in them either.
457	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	WOW...another amazing episode! This one felt a lot different than the prior two, it feels like the show found its pacing and is "settling in".What I Liked1. Syrio and Arya...as has been said two times already on this thread, I had a shit-eating grin on my face the entire time. So. Effing. Perfect. 2. The small council casting - Varys, Pycelle, and LF are all perfect. I loved Pycelle's bumbling way of acting, it's one of those things that feels like it was pulled straight from the text.3. Dany and Viserys. This was Harry Lloyd's finest moment so far, and he pulled off the psycho brother insanely well.4. All the Dothraki scenes, really. Jorah and Jhogo's conversation was awesome, they're fleshing these people out a lot more than I thought they would after episode 1.5. Ned and Cat's relationship really felt genuine and wholesome when they were saying their goodbyes. So sad for us readers, knowing what's going to happen. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />6. Yoren's screentime really surprised me, he's actually enjoyable to watch. He was always one of those throwaway characters for me in the book but not so in the show.7. Bran/Old Nan/Robb was a fun little scene to watch.What I was on the Fence About1. The ordering of scenes felt like it might be a bit jarring to non-readers, but I guess that's going to be the case from here on out.2. Lancel was weird looking...but I guess he's supposed to look meek and sort of effeminate.3. Sansa's a bitch!What I Disliked1. No direwolves...this is becoming a big concern for me now. If Ghost still hasn't made a significant appearance after episode 4, then when he finally does need to show up, non-readers are going to wonder where the hell he came from.2. Still waiting to see Hodor! He'll probably show up next week, I'm guessing.3. A whole nother week to get more... /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Overall, this was a good episode. I think now that the groundwork is laid for Kings Landing and the Wall settings, the pace will quicken again next weekend (similar to how it did from episode 1 -> 2). Can't wait!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
458	Quithrill	2011-05-02	Loved it.  Thought the war stories scene was the best acted so far.  Syrio wasn't as thin or...well... bald as I pictured him in my mind but I was grinnin' like an idiot the whole scene.  Tyrion/Yoren/Benjen was a great scene as well.  It's not a carbon copy of the books, and shouldn't be.  They are getting it right.
459	israfel070	2011-05-02	Can't decide if I'm more excited to hear that Bin Laden is dead or to see Syrio onscreen.From the promotional videos I had thought the actor looked horrible for the role, too thick and dowdy. But his energy was very high and overcame most of that for me. The swordplay was terribly unconvincing though. Would it have been so hard to find an actor who had studied fencing or something? But overall, great.I didn't read Robert's scene as mean at all. How could you blame him for hating being surrounded by Lannisters? About his story, to me it felt like he was reliving horrors he'd seen and wanting to relate with guys around him who would understand. Not quite to the level of PTSD, but a flashback. Maybe that's just my perspective as a veteran.Love the crown/stag design on the KG breastplates.Renly isn't dreamy enough by a long shot.Ned explaining Sansa's predicament to Arya actually made ME settle down the Sansa rage for now, too, lol.Best scenes: Syrio, Jaime/Ned's kingslaying conversation, Old Nan, Tyrion/Benjen. Farewell Benjen ;_;Finally, right before the episode I saw a flash of Ghost in an HBO commercial and tweeted Elio... he went back and grabbed this screencap for us guys!GHOST!!
					
					
							Edited by israfel070, 02 May 2011 - 12:12 AM.
460	Quithrill	2011-05-02	Something I just thought of.  Ned tells Bran that he was born during the long summer.  This ep says that summer has lasted 9 yrs.  If Bran has been aged up to 10 yrs old is that accurate?  Maybe I'm remembering wrong.
461	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-02	Probably my least favorite episode so far...but I still enjoyed it immensely.  Loved the Robert/Jaime interaction, as well as Arya and Syrio, Littlefinger, and most of the scenes at the Wall.  Something about the Jaime/Cersei scene just felt off, though.  All in all, I'm still very impressed with this adaptation so far, and I can't wait until things really start to heat up later in the season.
462	CryFenril	2011-05-02	Wow, he sure does look different from the rest of the "direwolves" - mayhaps that is the problem...
463	johnnysd	2011-05-02	Well Syrio and Arya's scene was the best in the series so far, by a pretty wide margin. It was one of those magical scenes you see only rarely on TV and the movies. It was well....just so.
I think that quick as a cat and quiet as a mouse it will be this scene that really hooks non-book readers into the show.
464	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	Finally, right before the episode I saw a flash of Ghost in an HBO commercial and tweeted Elio... he went back and grabbed this screencap for us guys!GHOST!!Awesome picture! Hope we get to see some of Ghost next week!
465	ZombieWife	2011-05-02	A good episode, but very dense.  
My husband (who has not read the books) didn't catch all of the information in the conversation between Jaime and Ned in the throne room.
I'm wondering if/when we might see a flashback of the mad king dying.
Robert is awesome.
Renly's introduction went very quickly.  I had to explain who Renly was to my husband.
Loves Dany's servant girl.  She's sassy! Just grab that boob, girl!
Will Dany call Drogo "Sun and Stars?" in the adaptation?  It was such an endearing name in that first book.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 02 May 2011 - 12:16 AM.
466	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-02	That was an interesting episode, although not quite as intense as the last one.
I think the Joffrey/Cersei scene worked well. You get that Joff is an impulsive, brutal idiot, and that Cersei spoils her son. I think Cersei really comes across as more calm and collected than she should - her great weakness in the series was not a lack of cunning and wits, but her impulsiveness, pride, and instincts towards cruelty. That came through in the last episode, but not so well in this one.
The "bitching Robert" scene was good, too. I agree that he comes across more as a jerk past his prime, bitching about the good old days. It still was funny to watch him make fun of poor Lancel and his name, though, and his bit with Jaime wasn't too bad either. 
Tyrion and Jon . . . I'm not sure. I liked Tyrion in the episode, but his interactions with Jon come across as a little flat. I don't blame them for using Tyrion instead of Donal Noye (it saves on casting), but Tyrion really needed to be harsher to Jon about it, and Jon slightly more stuck-up until he gets told off. Moreover, they cut Jon's heart-felt and emotional request to Tyrion to "help Bran", and Tyrion's good response. 
It was nice to Viserys go Full Crazy, then get his ass kicked. The scene where they "crown" him with molten gold will likely be over-the-top jolting.
EDIT:
I really didn't notice the absence of the direwolves *ducks*. 
I liked Littlefinger, although he needs to be a bit more sleazy and arrogant. Reading the book, you can just feel his contempt for Ned oozing out whenever he's talking with him.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 02 May 2011 - 12:22 AM.
467	Carldog	2011-05-02	Sat and whatched it with a non reader and he can't tell what is going on, mostly because the story has been moving so fast.  I think the seires will work it's self out just fine, however.  This episode was well done in many ways
468	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-05-02	Shocked that no one mentioned this, but the scene with Jaime/Ned is going to mess up the redemption thread of Jaime's later on down the line.
Part of tha arc was finally seeing Jaime's viewpoint, as well as experiencing the slow crumbling of his defences.  He hadn't told anyone the details of the Aery event, I am pretty sure that the book says that he figured no one would believe him, least of all that 'judgmental, critical, cold Ned Stark' (paraphrasing).  To introduce this so early sounds like Jaime is whining "why don't you wuv me?" The books make it clear that he realized that Ned would never understand him nor appreciate it.  So I agree with an earlier poster that said Jaime sorta seems like an ass just because he's an ass.  :-\
Anyway, we don't need to see Jaime's inner conflict right now.  He shouldn't have any inner conflict right now.
Other thoughts:
- my non-reader husband wondered where the wolves were and thought they were all dead now cause of the last episode.  :-(
- Syrio scene was awesome
- Sean Bean continues to pack 5 pages of GRRM writing into one long close-up. Wow, he's awesome.
- I actually liked the scene with Robert, at least the part which shows camaderie btwn Barristan and Jaime.  Though there is no reason from the books to believe they would be so chummy, it did a lot to suggest that all these characters have complicated, intertwined lives and their history together goes back way before the series started.  Kudos.
- Yes, this Old Nan out-Old Nan'ed the Old Nan in the book  :-P
- "I betrayed my father." Ser Jorah  Question - foreshadowing his joining the Night Watch in the future books?
- I don't understand the griping on Cersei's smarts.  Part of the fun of the series was watching her come undone. I remember reading Sansa's chapter during the Battle of the Blackwater, Cersei was drinking and her advice to Sansa was actually quite good, if heartless.  But I remember thinking, man, she's losing it.
- I liked all the Dothraki stuff this week.
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 02 May 2011 - 12:53 AM.
469	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-05-02	Something I just thought of.  Ned tells Bran that he was born during the long summer.  This ep says that summer has lasted 9 yrs.  If Bran has been aged up to 10 yrs old is that accurate?  Maybe I'm remembering wrong.good catch. that line is from the book and they didn't adjust it for the new ages for all the characters.
470	craster's whore	2011-05-02	best episode by far
471	snowleo	2011-05-02	I thought Littlefinger was perfect!  Syrio too!  Tyion and Arya continue their awesomeness. Like everyone else, I missed the wolves, and Donal Noye. Ned's changed line--was "the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives" too metaphorical?  Doreah grabbing Dany's breast was fine, but I do wish she had replied "I know."  In the book, that line showed Dany's increasing self-awareness.  RE: the goat. I thought he talked about heading to Qohor, and then said "kill a goat" as a separate statement.
I did not like Yoren--I pictured him as older and much surlier.  In fact, I think the Benjen/Yoren actors should have been switched.  
The episode was action packed, and did jump around a lot.  I think if I hadn't re-read GOT recently, *I*'d be confused, so I hope the average HBO viewer doesn't give up!
snow "MOAR WOLFSES PLZ" leo
472	israfel070	2011-05-02	LOVED that little smirk from Barristan when Jaime joked about cutting off that Brotherhood bandit's head. He's so badass.
473	Phantomwriter05	2011-05-02	LOVED that little smirk from Barristan when Jaime joked about cutting off that Brotherhood bandit's head. He's so badass.Really? I sort of sensed that Barristan didn't feel all that comfortable nor liked Robert's attitude toward killing men. I think that he just has a special place in his heart for Jaime, because he is the last of the old Kingsguard he knew and loved.
474	TrueMetis	2011-05-02	GoT episode 3 Review
475	Sword in the Morning	2011-05-02	Alright, after reading the discussion on the first few episodes, I've finally decided that I needed an account.
Yes, I miss the wolves just like the rest of you, but--I think it's understandable that they've been kept out.
Think of it this way: Right now, the wolves are in the process of growing from pups into adults. That means that for every stage in their growth that the wolves are shown at, they need a new dog that's been trained to act for that scene. To save the expense and effort, why not wait until they're "full grown" or at least in a growth stage that will be constant for some time during the series, to start featuring the wolves prominently, so that they just have to make sure they have these long-term dogs well trained.
This goes ESPECIALLY for Ghost. Do you have any idea how hard it would be to find an ALBINO wolf-dog that can be adequately trained for each and every stage of growth that the wolf goes through? Yeesh. I shudder to think. Better to just have one once he's bigger... so I think he should be showing up more often within the next few episodes.
I remember when reading that I thought Cersei was quite crafty and cunning up until Tyrion showed up in King's Landing and swinging his intellectual weight around. Even then, however, she still had some surprises in store for him. It wasn't until she finally unraveled that she became pathetic.
I think Jaime looks the part beyond what I could have ever imagined they could cast for...but at the same time, I feel like his lines aren't as dripping with his wry humor as I read them in the books.
EDIT: I knew immediately that it was Barristan in the room with Jaime and Robert. I was busy musing over how badly they messed up on the Kingsguard costumes... what would possess them not to go with the full white? It's so distinctive, makes them identifiable for viewers, and it's a very compelling part of their identity. Jaime, sitting on the iron throne in his GOLD armor, not the white. It makes all the difference.
					
					
							Edited by Prof_Nirvana, 02 May 2011 - 01:38 AM.
476	Maester May	2011-05-02	Remind me, was there a big battle fought at Summerhall early in Robert's campaign?  The only major incident I remember taking place are the vaguely referenced activities associated with "Rhaegar's grief."
477	PestilencE	2011-05-02	This was the best episode so far, hands down. Lots of content, lots of stuff to process and appreciate! I hope the non-readers are feeling OK! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
So what's this talk about people not liking the Robert of the TV series? ARE YOU INSANE? That scene with him and Ser Barristan and Jaime was magnificent.
Did anyone else notice the Robert vs Rhaegar battle @ the Ruby ford wall painting in the background of the Small council? Great detail! I will be looking for stuff like that from now on. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Loved the Dothraki (and their language), loved Viserys, loved Arya (DUH!), loved... everything, really.
At several points in the series now, Ned looks like he's on the verge of tears. That's quite a deviation from the books, and I'm not sure if I approve, considering that the non-readers will have NO idea of what's going on in his head.
Richard Madden tries hard to mask his Scottish accent, and it really affects his acting, makes it come off as wooden. He'll learn though! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ha! I never even noticed the direwolves' absence.
478	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-02	Hibberd's review is up over at EW.com's Daily Recaps, and amusing as ever:. . .Ned goes to the Throne Room and we get our first good look at ... The World's Most Uncomfortable Office Chair! This is the deal in the Seven Kingdoms. Everybody wants to be king, but if you get the gig you have sit on the Iron Throne, a chair made of 1,000 swords of conquered enemies that were fused together and are still sharp, like a bus stop seat designed by the City of Santa Monica to keep homeless people from sleeping on it.. . .Ned concludes the meeting by angrily snapping at the group, successfully continuing his streak of being rude to every person he's met so far at King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 02 May 2011 - 01:38 AM.
479	aimlessgun	2011-05-02	Robert didn't seem cruel at all in the War Stories scene...just old and bitter. He didn't sound as if he enjoyed what happened at all. I liked the camraderie between Barristan and Jamie as well. 
Barristan's identity didn't confuse me in the slightest. He's wearing Kingsguard armor and he's old and distinguished looking. I guess it helps that he looks very much like I imagined  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> 
I don't get the problems people have with Cersei. It feels like they're comparing her to Book 4 Cersei instead of Book 1 Cersei?
I like the way they're going about Jaime, since they can't do the internal monologues. I'm still getting the impression of a more complex man under the jerky exterior. 
I imagined Yoren being a lot uglier  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 02 May 2011 - 01:39 AM.
480	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-02	Lots of content, lots of stuff to process and appreciate! I hope the non-readers are feeling OK! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />After today's episode, the friend that I watch with said he was glad he was watching the series with someone who has read the books, because it would've been really hard for him to keep track of everything without me mentioning certain things along the way.  And I can totally see what he's talking about; if I had not read the books, I think I'd be struggling too.  I'd probably still be interested enough to watch, but I don't think I'd understand everything that was going on all the time.  Hopefully those newbies who are watching by themselves aren't overwhelmed by it all.
481	Sheep the Evicted	2011-05-02	You know it occurred to me that this episode wasn't really a single narrative but rather a collection of scenes just stuck together. It was the same way in the book of course, with separate self contained chapters, but i don't think i have ever seen it done in quite this fashion. Just like most people in this thread i thought non readers would have trouble following it and i'm not surprised critics are complaining about the pacing. 
I've read all seven pages and i don't think Bran and Robb are getting the credit they deserve, IHW is a truly fantastic actor, when he said he would rather have died it gave me goosebumps. As for the war stories scene I think every single one of us had reservations when we first saw Mark Addy but at this point i don't think there is a fan of the series that isn't satisfied with his portrayal.
482	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-02	I've read all seven pages and i don't think Bran and Robb are getting the credit they deserve, IHW is a truly fantastic actor, when he said he would rather have died it gave me goosebumps. As for the war stories scene I think every single one of us had reservations when we first saw Mark Addy but at this point i don't think there is a fan of the series that isn't satisfied with his portrayal.Yeah, I forgot to mention that scene; really good stuff.  And I'm with you on Addy too; he's knocking Robert out of the park.  The only significant casting choice I still had doubts about was Jon, but I'm warming up to him too.
483	aimlessgun	2011-05-02	You know it occurred to me that this episode wasn't really a single narrative but rather a collection of scenes just stuck together. Yeah I hope they don't get burned by that, I'm sure trying to craft every hour to work on its own gave them fits. Show is going to be a better experience on DVD probably.
484	helloawake	2011-05-02	That was awesome. 
They got Yoren spot on how I imagined him! Ser Barristan was great as well, so was Littlefinger. I imagined Varys a bit older but he was still suitably slimy. Is this something that they did differently from the books or have I forgotten the bit of history that Catelyn has with Varys? 
Which brings me to another point, Catelyn is fantastic. I'm not a great fan of her in the books but she is awesome on the screen. 
Loved Ned's comment 'War is easier than daughters', got a laugh from me. 
The scene with Aria and Syrio was first class lots of subtle things going on there, the girl playing Arya does a fantastic job. 
The only character that I can't quite appreciate is Jon Snow (even though he's bloody cute).
485	Kalbear	2011-05-02	I think he was meant to represent some sort of meditteranean/italian fencing master, although it wasnt so specific in the books from what I recall.They were actually pretty specific; Syrio was bald, nose like a hawk, with a thick Braavosian accent. The curly hair makes me think of the guy who wanted us all to paint happy little trees, but that makes me love the scenes all the more.Question: why did Dany get off her horse and wander into...uh...somewhere? I know what it sets up - the confrontation with Viserys - but it feels like she got off her horse and wanders off for no real reason. It was a bizarrely blocked set.I didn't like the discontinuities either; it felt very jumpy at times, going from infodump to infodump without any real reason. Just weird, especially compared to prior eps. However. Wow, Maisie Williams is spot on perfect as Arya. I love how much of her story they've kept, and I love how great she is. I thought I'd be happy with Bean's Ned, and I have been ecstatic about Headey's Cersei (most notably BECAUSE she's not as idiotic as portrayed in AFFC), but Williams as Arya is just phenomenally great on every level. It is going to be incredible to see the death.
486	Curethan	2011-05-02	Yeah, I forgot to mention that scene; really good stuff.  And I'm with you on Addy too; he's knocking Robert out of the park.  The only significant casting choice I still had doubts about was Jon, but I'm warming up to him too.I suspect it is easier for an actor to 'get into' a character with obvious motivations and personal history.  Kit really doesn't have much to work with.  Overall though, I think the acting has been great, they all work so well together.  I don't know if its my fanboy imagination, but it seems the actors have connived to give distinctive accents to the southrons and northmen.  Can anyone whose watched the behind the scenes stuff confirm/refute this?
					
					
							Edited by Curethan, 02 May 2011 - 02:17 AM.
487	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-02	They did show Renly as having...certain mannerisms. Also interesting to see how much they will be able to show, not tell.Hey cyrano, would you mind elaborating on this? I guess my gaydar is not very finely-tuned. I didn't pick up on anything out of the ordinary there.I noticed that they have most/all of the house icons fixed in the credits. Emilia Clarke has the dragon now and even lesser characters have theirs. Iain Glen has a bear, with others thrown here and there.I'm sure it's been mentioned plenty, but I really love how they are working in little bits of the history. Old Nan mentioning Ser Duncan the Tall, Jaime and Barristan talking about Simon Toyne and the Kingswood Brotherhood.Syrio looked a lot different than I imagined but that scene was perfect. It was interesting to me how they had Ned looking in on it and slowly added the real steel sound effects. Nice ominous ending without getting too cheesy.I wonder how many non-reader viewers are thinking about what a bastard Tyrion is for sending someone to kill Bran.Random: Casting job for Varys? Perfect.
488	Kat	2011-05-02	Question: why did Dany get off her horse and wander into...uh...somewhere? I know what it sets up - the confrontation with Viserys - but it feels like she got off her horse and wanders off for no real reason. It was a bizarrely blocked set.I didn't like the discontinuities either; it felt very jumpy at times, going from infodump to infodump without any real reason. Just weird, especially compared to prior eps. I agree with both of these. I tried to think of reasons for Dany getting off her horse and got: she's tired of riding, she's got morning sickness and is feeling queasy, or she needs to pee. The second of those would make the most sense, but saying so would have messed up her next scene, I guess. Or was that scene before? I forget. /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />And I like the decision to not just show Cersei as crazy/irrational/cunning only in a sexual way. For one thing, like Ser Greguh said, telling her son to be less immature and that he can't just invade the North at his whim is not exactly PhD material. Also, I always thought that her character and irrationality-- particular with regard to what she starts doing in AFFC-- was part of a long, slow descent into ineptitude due to losing control. She doesn't play as well with her back against the wall, and only starts to lose it when she's no longer winning the game of thrones, particularly after she loses Joffrey.
489	Chirios	2011-05-02	I loved the scene with Robert, Jaime and Barristan. You see how much Jaime respects the Bold from all the looks and his body language. Also:
"They never tell you how they all shit themselves. They never put that part in the songs."
"Stupid boy... He could've lingered on the edge of the battle with the smart boys and today his wife'd be making him miserable, his sons would be ingrates, and he'd be waking up three times a night to piss into a bowl, WINE!"
"Now... I'm surrounded by Lannisters. Every time I close my eyes I see their blonde hair and their smug, satisfied faces."
"He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours. Burn them all."
To quote a blogger; "This isn't a brother punishing his sister... this is a Khalasar crossing the Dothraki Sea, and that means egotistical little punks get choked with whips."
Seeing Jon train Pip and Grenn was good as well. Jon remains one of my favourite characters. He's fundamentally a good person, even if he is a prick sometimes. 
Tyrion is probably the best acted character. Dinklage is having so much fun saying the lines and chewing the scenery, it's great. 
"You're too few to be an army, and aside from Yoren here you're not funny enough to be Jesters."
Baelish seemed... off to me. The bit where he took Ned to the brothel came off wrong, the joke wasn't there, it wasn't delivered properly. This is a situation where the book really shouldn't have been changed.
But apart from that, a solid episode.
490	Iotun	2011-05-02	Hi there! First time poster here, I just literally found out they were making a GoT show this weekend, and have just finished watching the first 2 episodes. Still haven't watched the 3rd but I'm getting around to it!
I just wanted to comment about Cercei, I think the way she is being portrayed in the show is much fitting in my opinion, in that it gives her a much stronger and more believable arc - she starts getting more paranoid after Joffrey is killed. It also fits in more with the overall theme of how power corrupts the people who get it, and magnifies their weaknesses in their desire to keep it, as she is, effectively, queen at the time of her greatest paranoia. I think their depiction makes the character much more 'grey' and more developed, and also much more tragic.
Maybe its also because I actually really like her as a character - I don't like the hate she seems to be getting by so many fans, and also did not like the way she was treated by GRRM in book 4 (but then again I disliked so much of that book in general...). Cercei is such a tragic character in my opinion - her mother dies and she grows up in the most powerful family in the realm, but has to be held back by her sex, is married off to a man who doesn't love her or care for her or respect her (very visibly so), is constantly shamed by him, is essentially accused of crimes she did not commit, which eventually leads to war, and is effectively willing to do anything to protect her children, rather than for her own personal power. Compare her to Ned - is his pride and honor and conservative faith in Robert so praiseworthy when they lead the realm to war?
491	Ran	2011-05-02	Hah, I just thought they were trying to come up with a lame excuse so people question his motives, to foreshadow Jorah's spying. Was the King's Guard guy Robert was talking to Barristan? I thought it must have been, but I always picture Barristan to look more like Gandalf or Dumbledore.  Long white hair, massive white beard.I always imagined him with a beard too--is that in the books? Been so long since I've read them!But yeah, I was like "Who is this?!" for a while and then decided it must be Barristan.Nope. The beard is something he gets later. It's a plot point -- Jorah finally recognizes him through the beard. I'd imagine that Barristan Selmy is the very model of what a gently-born knight of his age should look like, with a neat appearance. Probably his hair should be somewhat longer, but the show has tended to shorten people's hair anyways.israfael,Miltos has, in fact, studied fencing. And before the show started, he trained with the legendary William Hobbs (choreographer of Rob Roy, among other things) to help develop the style.Re: Cersei, it's quite clear the way that Tywin goes on that some of the stupid decisions made in the aftermath of the coup were due to Cersei. It's also very clear in the next book that Cersei is not great at ruling. She likes to think she is, but she isn't. I suspect the show has greatly beefed up her abilities now, only to push the "absolute power corrupts absolutely" line much harder to explain her downfall.Not a single member of Cersei's family actually think she knows what she's doing, really. Tywin, Tyrion, and Kevan are all highly dubious. Jaime ... Jaime isn't a great hand himself, but once the caul is off his eyes, he's pretty clear on it too.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 May 2011 - 03:50 AM.
492	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-02	They were actually pretty specific; Syrio was bald, nose like a hawk, with a thick Braavosian accent. The curly hair makes me think of the guy who wanted us all to paint happy little trees, but that makes me love the scenes all the more.Question: why did Dany get off her horse and wander into...uh...somewhere? I know what it sets up - the confrontation with Viserys - but it feels like she got off her horse and wanders off for no real reason. It was a bizarrely blocked set.I didn't like the discontinuities either; it felt very jumpy at times, going from infodump to infodump without any real reason. Just weird, especially compared to prior eps. However. Wow, Maisie Williams is spot on perfect as Arya. I love how much of her story they've kept, and I love how great she is. I thought I'd be happy with Bean's Ned, and I have been ecstatic about Headey's Cersei (most notably BECAUSE she's not as idiotic as portrayed in AFFC), but Williams as Arya is just phenomenally great on every level. It is going to be incredible to see the death.For whatever reason I thought Dany was going to apoligize to the dude one othe Dothraki just hit over the head a few times.
493	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-05-02	Off the top of my head stuff: 
Tyrion getting Noye's stuff...good character development for both Tyrion and Jon.
Cat's faith in Littlefinger seemed pretty enthusiastic.  Whoopsie.
Sansa already being distanced from her father. 
Arya awesome. 
Robert picking on Lancel as setup. 
Selmy appearance = awesome (kingsguard Armor, firmly ID'd now)
Syrio worked fine. 
No wolves!
No dream for Bran. 
Old Nan awesome. 
Renly was pretty fabulous. 
Ned gets a kiss goodbye at least.
494	Ran	2011-05-02	In the book, Dany rides off ... and then decides to walk at one point, to feel the soil beneath her feet. Here, I sort of got the sense that after the slave is being whipped, she calls the halt in part to give the people on foot a chance to rest. But her dismounting, I don't know, probably similar reasons as in the book -- wants to feel the ground beneath her feet.
495	silkymoonshine	2011-05-02	Minor error: in the beginning of the episode, Ned tells Arya she was born in the summer and that is all she's ever know. Near the end, Master Aemon says the current summer has lasted almost 9 years (and Arya clearly is older than that).
Loved Ser Barristan, the old bear, Syrio and Varys. Littlefinger was a bit of a let down. 
	Spoiler The scene in the Littlefinger featurette where he meets Sansa is perfect, so I'm not worried yet.

I didn't love the Ned/Arya conversation, it just felt a bit rushed and not as emotional as it should have been. Loved Cersei and Joffrey's, however. I really like Lena Headey's Cersei, even if she's very different from book!Cersei.
The scene where Tyrion tells Jon why the other boys hate him was awkward. Couldn't he have waited until they were alone? This is the first episode that I liked Dinklage's Tyrion, hopefully he'll only get better from now on. 
This can't be said enough: Mark Addy is brilliant as Robert. He's stealing the show, as far as I am concerned. Too bad we won't have him for long. NCW wasn't as good as Jaime as he was in the other two episodes, not enough contempt for Robert nor Ned and I agree with the posted who said that the actor isn't selling the Cersei/Jaime love.
496	The hairy bear	2011-05-02	One thing I didn't like from Robert's scene is that I have the feeling Barristan should really despise Jaime, for betraying his vows and killing Aerys. Jaime embodies everything a man like Ser Barristan would hate. But their interaction recalling the fight against the Brotherhood suggested otherwise. It felt odd to me.Syrio was bald, nose like a hawk, with a thick Braavosian accent. The curly hair makes me think of the guy who wanted us all to paint happy little trees, but that makes me love the scenes all the more.Perhaps they did this as an homage to the great swordsman IAigo Montoya. The looks are remarkably similar. My name is Syrio Forel, you killed my father, prepare to die!
497	reiver	2011-05-02	Barristan's identity didn't confuse me in the slightest. He's wearing Kingsguard armor and he's old and distinguished looking. I guess it helps that he looks very much like I imagined  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> Has the series even explained or introed the concept of the kingsguard yet? I mean i suppose it isn't vital in the scheme of things but i'm not getting the "sacred oath" thing from them that's really the root of the Jamie disdain. As someone else said it seems as much about Jamie stabbing him in the back (the way it's been said makes it sound literally rather than figuratively) as the dishonouring of a sworn duty.The Barristan/Jamie interaction seemed strange to me as well. Maybe it will be contrasted later with Barristan's disdain for who he is rather than recollections of who he was but, without having read the books, i would have thought their relationship to be a fond one.
498	GoTreviews	2011-05-02	Out-maneuvering Ned is like out-muscling Old Nan.Fantastic line /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Loved the episode overall, even if I was dissapointed by their Syrio (but I'm apparently the only one, so...). I like that we get to see Tyrion pissing off the Wall, that's nice. I do agree with what's been said about Robert: talking about war stories, maybe he could enjoy them a bit more... Despite that, I still think Mark Addy is doing an incredible job, his Robert is awesome.Speaking of awesome, I'm a total fan of NCW: his Jaime is incredible. Loved the mutual respect with Barristan (a friend, reader, thought that guy was Tywin... so maybe this scene can be confusing to many people). Littlefinger and Varys were also great.Ah well, great episode anyway. Anyone else felt like "ahah, you're gonna look so miserable once you're shaved" when Pyrcelle poped on screen ? /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
499	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	Okay, I don't have time right now for a full review but here are a few things that were bothering me:
Sansa and Arya and Eddard talking about the Hound. I'm not sure if Sandor has even been introduced as 'the Hound' yet, and there is no reason for the non-reader to make that connection. They probably are wondering who it is or why they're talking about a direwolf.
Similarly, after Eddard only says 'Lord Baelish,' at the council meeting, Catelyn then refers to him as 'Petyr' to Eddard when Littlefinger's not there. So non-readers may be saying "Who is Petyr?" Even moreso, in the next scene her and Eddard are talking about 'Littlefinger' without ever explaining the name or who they are referencing. Don't give the non-reader too much credit!
(I did have to let my dog out around this time so perhaps I missed an explanation or clearer defining that Lord Baelish = Petyr = Littlefinger.)
Finally, when the bloodrider has the whip around Viserys' neck, the hand maiden is translating for him, and she keeps saying, 'the Khal wants to know if you want him dead.' 'The khal this, the khal that.' Was I mishearing her? Was she saying something else? Or was she referencing Drogo despite him not being in the scene, as if he had told them to go and attack Viserys? Or was it just an oversight on the writers part?
I was a bit distracted during some of this episode, so if my three points are off then please correct me.
500	Kilroy	2011-05-02	All of this has been mentioned already so I guess I'm typing it for my own benefit.
The pacing of the story is very odd. As a viewer, if I had not read the books, I would not know how much time had passed. I would know some time had passed but would have no idea how much and hence I would be confused by the interaction of some characters.
Also they will eventually have to start flashing up location names in the top left when their story starts to really spread out. Understand where the hell you are in the realm is important and just showing locations without some help will mean that viewers without the reading background may wonder where they are.
I believe they left out very important parts of the book that really had no good reason to be left out because putting them in would have taken no real time at all.
Examples:
Dany when in the big grass getting attacked by Visy. In the books we know it is "her" that tells them to take his horse and make him walk. By "she" saying it it implies she is growing a spine against her brother and that she is beginning to not fear him. But by making her Dothraki guard do it it doesn't give me the same impression that she is really getting stronger towards Visy.
The interaction showing Dany is pregnant was also odd since we know why it happens in the book that a couple of months earlier she had a very special moment with Drogo under the sky. I think they missed that special moment. The pregnancy doesn't seem as important in the scene if it wasn't for Mormont getting up and leaving suddenly.
They could have eluded in their dialog to each other (Catelyn and Ser Rodrik Cassel) that they came by ship and that the ship got them there quickly. I don't really see why they changed that time line. She could still be coming into the city with the ship docks in the background. Then after going to a "stock inn" which we know they have as sets, she is confronted by the guard and escorted to Littlefinger in the brothel. I thought the trip by sea was important to show how they get there so fast. 
I also agree that the Arya scene seemed less personal and more just a pep talk from Ned to Arya. Could have easily shown Arya running off in a spat and having Ned come in a few seconds later and ask what happened and then go up after her. Also what's with Sansa's attitude? She doesn't have that yet. She's still in dreaming lala prince is going to marry me land.
Tyrion telling Snow about how the recruits are not trained instead of the Master smith and doing so with them still in the room was kind of an odd scene. Tyrion pissing off the wall was something he said as a jest and never actually did it in the book. Jon asking Tyrion to lend some words to Bran was not done which I was disappointed with.
And one of the biggest things. Benjen Stark was still there. I suppose it worked but damn was I slightly irritated with him not having a small talk with Snow earlier and being gone by this time. Like I said, it worked but I was thinking about it too much the entire scene.
I understand that they pushed scenes together, changed dialog to use less actors in scenes, etc. I understand all that however I still think there were key parts in the books that really needed to be in the show to demonstrate just a bit more character depth and development. The characters are quite rich by TV standards but with just a little better choice of added scenes I think they could be better.
And they better have Hodor in there. Another understated yet important character in my eyes.
501	TheEvilKing	2011-05-02	Loved this episode. So many awesome moments. Tyrion pissing off the Wall! The Small Council. Syrio (Arya was fantastic in that scene, so joyful & awed but also a serious little badass). The added scenes were great. Loved Tyrion/Benjen/Yoren (the Imp was hilarious in that scene), Robert's dick measuring contest, Cersei teaching Joff to be evil, Jorah and the bloodrider.
Arya, Robert and Tyrion are stealing the show thus far.
This show is getting exponentially better with each ep. And the tourney is up next! The Hound, the Mountain, Beric Dondarrion, the Knight of Flowers. Littlefinger being a creepy pedo. And more drunken Robert antics.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 02 May 2011 - 07:14 AM.
502	Tempra	2011-05-02	Loved this episode. So many awesome moments. Tyrion pissing off the Wall! The Small Council. Syrio (Arya was fantastic in that scene, so joyful & awed but also a serious little badass). The added scenes were great. Loved Tyrion/Benjen/Yoren (the Imp was hilarious in that scene), Robert's dick measuring contest, Cersei teaching Joff to be evil, Jorah and the bloodrider.Arya, Robert and Tyrion are stealing the show thus far.This show is getting exponentially better with each ep. And the tourney is up next! The Hound, the Mountain, Beric Dondarrion, the Knight of Flowers. Littlefinger being a creepy pedo. And more drunken Robert antics.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Agreed.  Best episode of the series so far.  There were smooth transitions between scenes and the acting was superb.  I wasn't thrilled by Syrio or LF, but those are minor quibbles.
503	Nick Of Troy	2011-05-02	I'm finding Iain Glen's portrayal of Ser Jorah Morment absolutely fantastic thus far, especially the scene where he openly defies Viserys in favor of Dany.  In fact, I'm really impressed with pretty much every character thus far.
Missing the direwolves in this episode, was there even a glimpse of one? I know they had "training issues" with the dogs, but even shots of Summer on Bran's bed, or Ghost walking beside Jon on the Wall would have been nice.  Hell, even a mention or two of them so we don't forget they're there would be welcome!
The melodic take of the main theme in the end credits was quite good too.
504	Pink Walder Frey	2011-05-02	I was kind of disappointed about the scenes in Castle Black. It's understandable to leave out a character like Donal Noye because of his few appearances and give his lines to someone else, and the choice of Tyrion seems a wise one, too, but I think the scenes were paced much too fast and there is some loss of depth to Jon becoming friend with Pyp and Grenn and also the general idea of them all being brothers. There also a complete loss of the trouble between Thorne and Jon, apart from this one scene - I would have liked him to ask Jon if he is now the weaponsmaster - maybe it'll come in a later episode, but anyway, for me there are too much lines provided by or to the wrong person - completly differing from the book - certainly they show the same development to the characters, but it just feels odd
I also missed Jon and Tyrion calling each other "friend" and Jon asking him to help Bran, like he helped him (understandble, as the relationship wasn't developed like in the book).
Skipping Catelyn's ship journey is understandble to me, it wouldn't serve the plot or the character development. But I'm also a bit disappointed about changing some timelines - Catelyn arriving after Ned, Tyrion will leaving before Benjen is missing. Maybe it is not really so important, but a bit annoying.
I really liked the scene with the small council (IIRC there were not enough chairs for the whole council, if everyone was present?) and the Littlefinger scenes were great, too - I liked him and Varys and even Pycelle. But for the Littlefinger scenes I thought them also a bit too fast paced - there were some parts of scenes and also some of the new scenes (the Jaimie/Ned was great done, but the scene with Robert/Barristan/Jaimie/Lancel (someone should buy him a new cap) didn't provide so much) that I would liked to have skipped and instead gave some other scenes a bit more time to develop more depth.
Another point that annyoed me was Ned giving Sansa a doll and short after that providing sword training to the younger Arya...
Well and Arya and Syrio were just awesome, even if Syrio differs a bit my imaginations.
505	Lord Varys	2011-05-02	This show really makes me love Joffrey. Truly. That boy is a true revolutionary! A standing army? That's actually a great idea. It would be a project for a generation or so, but the royal house should really think about that to make themselves less dependent on their lords.
As to Cersei, she is exactly like the Cersei in the books, if you ask me. The scene with Jaime - which is by the way no new scene, but a scene that happens in the books as well, although we learn about it only through Jaime's memories - introduces us to Cersei's fickleness when stuff is not working out the way she imagined it. She wanted Jaime to throw Bran out of the tower, that's very clear in the series when she says two times 'He saw us'. Only afterwards, when things don't work out the way should have, she blames Jaime for it.
And her advice to Joffrey - who actually had the guts to admit that he was beaten by Arya - she tells that truth and reality can be changed by royal decrees. That's exactly the way Cersei Lannister thinks, that reality is not what it is, but what it should be, and it's a trait she inherited from Tywin who embodies that kind of weird thinking. But whereas Tywin is still able to differentiate between appearance and reality, Cersei cannot. No one taught her how to do that. They all said she will always get what she wants because she wants it.
As to the episode itself:
I liked most of it, until I realized they won't give us Drogo and Dany out there among the Khalasar. I really expected them to give us that, after Emilia actually tells us that all important things in the life of the Dothraki have to happen outside, under the sky. Instead they give us Rakharo and Irri as human beings, which, in my opinion, is completely pointless. They are nothing more that better extras, through the all of the books, and they should be treated as such.
The time line is mixed up as well, which somewhat makes Varys and Littlefinger a lot more powerful than they should be to this point. If they are able to hide Cat and Ser Rodrik from the Lannisters, Renly, and Robert himself. With them being in the city, Varys going to Littlefinger instead of directly to Ned, really has to mean he and Littlefinger are involved in the Jon Arryn affair.
The actors of both these guys convinced me, Varys can play the effeminate eunuch well, now we have to wait and see, if he can play his other sides as well. Littlefinger is funny, and, to an extent dangerous, as you can really see that his assurances to Catelyn were not really convincing. But they failed to explain to the audience that Ned's elder brother really was the guy who should have married Cat. The way people see them, they might have thought their marriage was a marriage for love... The whole Brandon business should be cleared up in the next episode. Pycelle is as boring, clumsy, and old as he described again and again in the books. Very good.
I liked the hug between Renly and Ned as well. Ned has to know the child Renly, and Ned would be some kind of distant uncle he sees once or twice in a decade, or so. Unfortunately Ned forgot to inquire about Stannis. It would have been a great opportunity to establish that Robert has in fact two brothers.
The Selmy-Robert-Jaime scene had great dialogue, but I really did not like the setting. It would have been much better with Robert being accompanied by Jaime and Barristan to a brothel (that really sounds like something Robert would do to Jaime), and they sharing war stories on their way back, maybe with Robert and Selmy in a litter, and Jaime walking beside it.
I'm actually particularly interested about the Tarly boy story. That's intriguing, and considering the story about the Tyroshi (Barristan's first kill might have been during the War of the Ninepenny Kings), and Simon Toyne and the Kingswood Brotherhood, I gather the story about Robert's first kill comes directly from GRRM, so we really should learn someday who this particular Tarly boy was. A younger brother of Randyll who squired for some Stormlord, most likely, as he else would not have fought at the Battle of Summerhall. I really hope Stannis finds some excuse to talk about that battle in the future, as it's unlikely that he, too, had his first kill back then.
And the 'Burn them all' line was as unexpected as it was brilliant. They really know how to foreshadow things they will dig into later on. And Robert's look really showed he had no idea about the whole thing.
Arya and Syrio were really fun to see, they are really getting this right, although I, too, missed Ned's line about Arya resembling Lyanna.
506	Cereal Forel	2011-05-02	I had a huge grin on my face this entire episode. I LOVE seeing these new scenes where we get to see characters interact that we were never privy to in the books. The Robert, Barristan and Kingslayer scene was fucking epic! NCW's portayal of Jaime is so spot on. Love Syrio and Arya as well, I even like the new, personable Yoren. I literally could not be more pleased by this series.
The only thing I'm missing is Ghost. He should always be at Jon's side, at least at this point in the story.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 02 May 2011 - 07:51 AM.
507	Greywolf2375	2011-05-02	Been thinking back over the episode.  Even during the watching of it, my first thought with Nan's setting and voice was "she'd scare the shit out of me on a sunny summer day talking about puppies and rainbows"; hearing her tell "scary" stories...I'da never slept.
As has been said through the other two episodes - the characters need to be introduced a littlre more cleanly.  Having Robert throw in a "Barristan, what was your..." isn't going to throw off pacing, but will identify who he is talking to.  Theon, same thing.  Then, as they did with Jaime, they can throw in the nicknames - Littlefinger, Kingslayer, etc.
With that, I'm actually kind of OK without having the direwolves present as much.  There are all ready so many characters moving through that adding them in - especially growing - probably would add to the confusion.  They are central in many of the scenes later so I am just hoping that we are not seeing them until they are full grown.  By the time they would be adults (or close enough) we will be able to see Ghost, Summer, etc.
They dealing with Jorah well, I like the transition to listening to Dany over Viserys and the look he gives the bloodrider (not sure which it was).  I can't remember from the books - did he excuse himself to leave the khalasar like that to send notice that Dany was pregnant?  Just seemed like it would be more noticeable - with his king and his khaleesi here, can he just "leave"?
508	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I do love the casting of Littlefinger, Varys and Renly. Especially the necessary creepiness of the first two.
Not naming Selmy is another little thing that irks me. Add him to the growing list of important secondary characters who a non-reader will be left scratching their head at.
Syrio and Arya were just amazing, and the final shot of Eddard going from looking humored with the training to hearing the clash of swords and war in sad reminiscence (also in foreshadowing for his family) was totally poetic, and much stronger than I'd given the writers credit for thus far.
The non-reader I watched it with has already correctly guessed that Eddard dies and that Joffrey is Jaime's son. I think the show is spelling out these things too early with all their sad shots of Eddard and the talking about gold Lannister hair and dark Baratheon hair. But it's not taking away from the story at all so  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />.
The tournament should certainly be interesting.
509	Pink Walder Frey	2011-05-02	I can't remember from the books - did he excuse himself to leave the khalasar like that to send notice that Dany was pregnant?  Just seemed like it would be more noticeable - with his king and his khaleesi here, can he just "leave"?It wasn't in the books, we only hear about it from Varys in the Small Council. The only time when Jorah excuses to exchange some information/letters is in Vaes Dothrak, when he leaves Dany to look for letters from Illyrio and later saves her from the wine merchanet.But I liked it made obvious, that there's something going on with Jorah and also Qohor is on their way from Pentos to Vaes Dothrak, so it's a good choice.
510	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	GoT episode 3 ReviewLove when that he said "He might be their only ally in Kings Landing!" re: Littlefinger.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
511	Sharpes	2011-05-02	The non-reader I watched it with has already correctly guessed that Eddard dies and that Joffrey is Jaime's son. I think the show is spelling out these things too early with all their sad shots of Eddard and the talking about gold Lannister hair and dark Baratheon hair. But it's not taking away from the story at all so  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />.As I've yet to read the books I guessed that would be the case with Ned and that something was suspect about Joffrey though I kinda knew these spoilers beforehand. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Everything else I'm not in the know so I'm just taking it all in as the show progresses.Overall, I'm enjoying the show and the cast but some of the pronunciations are hard to hear so I miss who is who. =(
512	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-02	This was my favorite episode yet.  Highlights:
Arya/Syrio - Nailed the essence of this very important scene.  A fun and lively way to end the show, although I also enjoyed Ned's grim realization at the end.  It made a lot of sense given what the characters had already experienced to that point.  Also, not to be too much of a fanboy, but I totally fist-pumped at "just so."  
The Wall scenes - yes, all of them.  I've got a feeling the Night's Watch storyline is going to be a strong point for the series in general.  Alliser Thorne, Mormont, Maester Aemon, Benjen, Jon's fellow recruits - all pitch perfect.  I was also impressed by the choreography of the training scene.  Jon looks like a badass amongst untrained boys, as he should (to heighten the impact of his being named a steward rather than a ranger).  Tyrion's scenes were fantastic - especially the added scene with Yoren. No Ghost was the only disappointment.  I would at least have liked seeing him accompany Jon to the top of the Wall.  Oh well - hopefully next week will make up for that.
Old Nan - damn that scene was fun, and faithful to the book.  Margaret John (RIP /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ) indeed out-Old Nan'd Old Nan.  Bran was appropriately bummed and brooding, although I wouldn't have midned a bit more dialogue between he and Robb, perhaps voicing Bran's despair that he would never fulfill his dream of becoming a knight.    
Dany/Viserys/Jorah - for once, all these scenes felt right and were well-executed.  It helped that there was finally some real conflict and some interesting things going on.  Jorah's scene with Rakharo was excellent as was the decision to show Jorah hastily departing for Qohor - great way to clue the audience in on his early motivations.  I'll echo some others in expressing my satisfaction with Iain Glen's performance so far as Jorah.  He's a guy you really want to like, despite whatever's gone on in his past or what he may be up to now.  
Ned & Arya - Again, perfectly played by both actors.  Among a stellar cast overall, Maisie Williams is exceptional.
Some minor disappointments, but nothing to dispel my positive reaction to the show.  The one thing that annoyed me the most was (once again) failing to introduce a fairly significant minor character by name - i.e. Barristan Selmy.  I kwow the audience has a lot to keep up with, but come on, mentioning the guy's name in passing isn't going to confuse anyone, and will at least provide a frame of reference for when he becomes more important down the road.
513	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-02	Love when that he said "He might be their only ally in Kings Landing!" re: Littlefinger.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />I was actualy disappointed in this week's review:  My husband loves Tyrion as much as this guy, and my husband called Littlefinger a liar for impicating him; and he got the white wakers and wildlings confused /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  Sorry, but I am pretty sure it has been made clear they are different.
514	Tara1189	2011-05-02	Surprised people are calling this episode slow - it was the quickest by far for me, and also my favorite.The Arya/Syrio scene is the best of the series to date. Odd place to end the episode (going in, I assumed the episode would end with "Khaleesi, you are with child" - "I know"). Especially chilling is when you see Ned's face and realise he isn't reliving the war - he's realising that the next war is going to be fought by his children. You can see the exact moment he realises he's watching Lyanna 2.0 forming before his eyes. Awesome, awesome, awesome. The score for this scene (and the series in general) is stellar. The soundtrack really enhances the mood and nature of this world and its diverse cultures without ever distracting from a scene (Doctor Who, please take note).Maisie Williams is taking no prisoners on this show. She's emerged as the best out of an already phenominal cast, last week holding her own against Addy, Bean and Headey. She steals every scene she's in just by stepping in front of the camera.The Eastern continent scenes are gradually becoming among my favorites. I love how they're subtly showing Dany's integration into Dothraki culture rather than telling (i.e. she's wearing Dothraki garb, she dismounts easily where in the previous episode she needed assistance). I lolled at Jorah's transparently dodgy reaction to Dany's pregnancy: "I need to... uh... ride to... um, Quohor? Yes, Quohor... to do something... important" followed by the shiftiest exit ever. I'm becoming a huge fan of Jorah, and I've realised it's because Iain Glenn played the awesome Father Octavian on Doctor Who last year. He comes across as less of a middle aged creeper than in the books.Renly didn't impress me much (wish we could have seen him last week when he kills himself laughing at Arya's disarming Joffrey.) He just doesn't quite seem to have to charisma I imagine Renly possessing. Or maybe it's because Henry Cavill will always be my Renly.Aiden Gillen was perfect as Littlefinger, straddling that fine line between the almost childish desire to impress Cat and maintaining that careless, quick-witted persona he projects to the world. I wish we could have heard his "Oh well done" line when Ned recognises Cat. However, I laughed out loud at his "oh shit" face when two topless girls wandered in.I didn't even notice the Direwolves weren't in this episode *guilty*
515	Starkess	2011-05-02	She's perfect, it's a sad shame the actress died soon after shooting the season.I didn't know that. Sad. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I was concerned and a little upset when it was announced that the kingsguard wouldn't be wearing white armor.  I think my concerns might have been a little justified with the confusion as to whether, or not, Barristan was the one speaking with Robert.  I really don't understand the decision to change the armor.  I always thought the KG should stand out and be the focus of attention.  I think they were, at least, wearing white cloaks in this episode.IIRC, they thought about doing white armor but it looked too cheesy, which I can totally understand. Stuff that sounds cool in writing doesn't always translate well.What I do wish they would do is explain the Kingsguard at all!Shocked that no one mentioned this, but the scene with Jaime/Ned is going to mess up the redemption thread of Jaime's later on down the line.Part of tha arc was finally seeing Jaime's viewpoint, as well as experiencing the slow crumbling of his defences.  He hadn't told anyone the details of the Aery event, I am pretty sure that the book says that he figured no one would believe him, least of all that 'judgmental, critical, cold Ned Stark' (paraphrasing).  To introduce this so early sounds like Jaime is whining "why don't you wuv me?" The books make it clear that he realized that Ned would never understand him nor appreciate it.  So I agree with an earlier poster that said Jaime sorta seems like an ass just because he's an ass.  :-\Eh, after having read the series twice, I still think that about him.Question: why did Dany get off her horse and wander into...uh...somewhere? I know what it sets up - the confrontation with Viserys - but it feels like she got off her horse and wanders off for no real reason. It was a bizarrely blocked set.I definitely thought that seemed very pointless. Without her inner monologue, we need just a little bit more of a clue why she would just stop (I sorta got the sense it was for the advantage of the slaves, but barely) and then start again without doing anything.Nope. The beard is something he gets later. It's a plot point -- Jorah finally recognizes him through the beard. I'd imagine that Barristan Selmy is the very model of what a gently-born knight of his age should look like, with a neat appearance. Probably his hair should be somewhat longer, but the show has tended to shorten people's hair anyways.Ah, I'd forgotten about that. Makes sense. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
516	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-02	I really enjoyed the episode -- I didn't think it was that difficult to pick out Barristan Selmy. Once I saw the white cloak (which happened early in that scene), I knew. I frickin' LOVED the Old Nan scene.
517	CryFenril	2011-05-02	Had to re-watch Syrio and Ayra. Big cheesin' grin the whole time. The added touch of Ned's foreboding was awesome.
518	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I really enjoyed the episode -- I didn't think it was that difficult to pick out Barristan Selmy. I don't think it was difficult for any reader to pick out Barristan Selmy, but they could have still given him a name for non-reader audience sake, or mentioned that he leads the KG.
519	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-02	I really liked the scene with the small council (IIRC there were not enough chairs for the whole council, if everyone was present?) and the Littlefinger scenes were great, too - I liked him and Varys and even Pycelle.One thing I was hoping to see in the introductory small council scene was some mention of Stannis's absence.  I believe in the book Ned expressed surprise at not finding Stannis at council.  I guess with 4 new characters in one scene they wanted to minimize confusion for the new audience.I really enjoyed the episode -- I didn't think it was that difficult to pick out Barristan Selmy. Once I saw the white cloak (which happened early in that scene), I knew.He was easy to pick out for readers (and I might add, well-cast), but non-readers still have no idea who he is.  Calling him by name would've lent his character a bit more importance.
520	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-02	Oh, I agree. It would have been nice for non-readers. I was more responding to some comments earlier in the thread about thinking Barristan was Tywin. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
521	howland_reed	2011-05-02	Are people really upset that they didn't "name" Barristan Selmy?
C'mon folks, we know he's going to make more appearances.  All that matters for non-readers is that they recognize his face, and know his position/role on the show, which that scene with Robert well established.  He's a veteran, he served the previous king, and it was the first scene to show, not tell, the Kingsguard as the elite soldiers of the realm.  My non-reader friend immediately got the sense that Barristan was even higher ranked than Jaime, not just because of the age, but because of his station next to the King, while Jaime was just a doorguard.
This episode dropped in like 8-9 new characters.  Even if they dropped a name, non-readers will have forgotten it.  It's not a big deal.
Better question is have they actually named Cersei yet, besides calling her by some other title like Queen, Sister, etc?
					
					
							Edited by howland_reed, 02 May 2011 - 09:43 AM.
522	Nichole	2011-05-02	I swear I'm going to go back and read the entire thread but I had to post!I loved this episode. I liked how it seemed to slow down and get more in depth into the story which I felt was lacking from ep 2. I loved Little Finger, Varys and Yoren. Not at all how I pictured Yoren, but I think he will be a very likable character that people will truly feel sorry for when he dies. Loved Old Nan's scene with Bran. I wanted to squee in fangirl delight. Even caught my husband's attention who seems to be trying his hardest to hate the show.
523	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	Better question is have they actually named Cersei yet, besides calling her by some other title like Queen, Sister, etc?That's a good question actually. I don't think they have.  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
524	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-02	Oh, I agree. It would have been nice for non-readers. I was more responding to some comments earlier in the thread about thinking Barristan was Tywin. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ahh, I hadn't seen that brought up..."surrounded by Lannisters" would hint at that to the uninitiated, I suppose.
525	Regina	2011-05-02	Still the fastest hour on television!  I loved this episode.
I'm not sold on the actor playing Renly just yet, but loved all the other new additions. Especially Syrio.  Just so!   /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />  *heart melts with happiness*
However, as others have already said, the lack of wolves was a problem.  It seems wrong to end the previous episode with Lady'd death, but then ignore the wolves completely this week.  It would have been easy enough to have either of the girls mention their losses.  Or, have Bran hear Summer and company howl, then have him say something about the wolves mourning for the loss of their packmates.
I also have some concerns for the pacing of the Dany/Drogo relationship, as Dany's undergoing big changes in what feels like record time.  I know a couple of months have passed in the story, but it doesn't feel like it to me.
526	Rockroi	2011-05-02	The "bitching Robert" scene was good, too. I agree that he comes across more as a jerk past his prime, bitching about the good old days. It still was funny to watch him make fun of poor Lancel and his name, though, and his bit with Jaime wasn't too bad either.I do not think he was "bitching about the good old days" or more specifically, I think his bitching was how much he really hates these current days.The scene with Jaime, selmy and King Robert was my favorite, but that may have been only because its brand new and I crave more of this world.  But that scene was so very Robert and Jaime.  Robert starts off by casually entering into conversation with Selmy over the first man he ever slew, and Robert (played better and better by Robert Addy) is not just waxing nostalgic about the way he used to be; he's depressed about what life his victory bought him.  Robert talks about how stupid that Tarly kid was for coming at him; he's deep in the revolution by then, and for a brief second, we are ion the swamp with Robert as that "dumb lad" wades after him.  And then Robert slams his chest in.  And Robert can remember what this kid said "Wait, Wait!!!" But Addy's Robert takes no pride in the kill; he does not seem ashamed of it either, but then thinks about how that kid could have survived; stay on the periphery, don't extend.  And then you get the REAL REASON Robert's upset: had that dumb lad stayed on the periphery, he'd be alive today, with a wife yelling at him, getting up three times a night to piss in a bowl... WINE! In other words, Robert- and not this dumb lad, and not Rhaegar -is left in the world of the living; slugging through the mundane of day-to-day life; the wife he does not love, the job he does not want, the children he does not have affection for; the friends he no longer sees; the power he cannot use; the abilities he has long lost; the shadow he can still glimpse at of what he once was.  Addy's Robert looks distant - right past Selmy- as he tries to remember what it was like to kill, to almost die; what it was like to live on that razor's edge; what it was like to be Robert Baratheon.  Now?  Now he's just King Robert the Fat, lonely middle-aged man and desperate to share something with others like him- Ned, Selmy, even Jaime.  Even that dumb lad he killed, who ALMOST Robert seems to think was the "lucky" one.  That's the good side of Robert; he craves human connection: with men during war; with women most other times.  He loved Jon and he misses Ned.  But then there is the bad side...Robert is very unhappy about what his life has become.  So, when wine is not available, what does he do?  His misery needs company....... he yells for the Kingslayer- specifically calls him that.  Jaime walks in with those dolls eyes- dead eyes where (the actor is nailing Jaime like Jaime nails Cersei) you know he's not really looking at you; he's looking past you where he can forget you ever existed.  But its Robert's discussion: he drags Jaime in to taunt, insult, berate, and potentially embarrass Jaime.  No dice, Robert.  Jaime lets it all wash off him like Aerys' blood from his sword.  He answers the questions, but without the bitterness that has crept into Robert's life.  Jaime is not bitter, see?  Heis not bitter he is of the KG, that he fucks Cersei or that he killed Aerys.Or that he pushed Bran out a window. Jaime Lannister is fine with the choices he has made and its perfectly obvious.  And Robert cannot stomach that because it seems just as obvious that Robert is not happy with his choices. And all the while there is the dignified Selmy, teetering between the two: swore and oath to Aerys, happy to serve, but also... there was a life he could have had that he does not yet long for (when Joff releases him, he longs for it).  Its the third episode in a row where Robert has openly longed for another life: E1: life with Lyanna; E2, life as an outlaw; E3... death.  I also want to state that I loved Jaime's response to Ned when talking about Aerys.  How (the judgmental) ned reminds Jaime that he stabbed Aerys in the back.  Jaime's response is practically ripped right from these boards: Had I stabbed him in the belly instead of the back, would that have been better?  In other words, what death to Aerys would have satisfied you, Ned, the perpetually unsatisfyiable?
527	Ser Latecomer	2011-05-02	I do think the pacing was a bit off this episode, but it was necessary because there was still so much exposition to get to before the action really starts in earnest next week.  Two scenes in particular, the Cat/LF/Ned scene in the brothel and the first meeting of the Small Council just seemed rushed to me, with all the actors firing off their lines in rapid succession. The tournament, Tyrion being captured, Jaime confronting Ned, Ned confronting Cersie, Viserys getting crowned... all of this should be in the next episode or two, and it is going to be an avalanche from their to the end, picking up speed each week.  My Kindle version of aGoT shows I am 60% through my re-read, and I have just finished the Ned chapter describing the night Robert lay in his deathbed.  Assuming ten percent of the book per episode (which has held fairly true for the first three) that means we have 3 episodes to get from where we are now to the point where stuff REALLY hits the fan...I have read the complaints about the Cersei/Joffrey scene, but I think it was very necessary.  I am re-reading aGoT right now, and one scene in the book needs this exposition in a visual medium, I think.  During the tournament, Joffrey is a perfect gentleman to Sansa.  Even Sansa is slightly taken aback, as she had not really interacted with him since the incident on the King's Road.  However, as soon as drunken Robert blows up and yells at Cersei, with Cersei storming off, Joffrey grows cold and dumps Sansa off on the Hound to be escorted back to her quarters.  I think the television scene establishes that Joffrey really cares nothing for Sansa, but will be treating her well during the tournament for his mother's sake.Also, I must agree with many of the commenters that Cersie in aGoT was cunning and shrewd, or at least would appear that way to a reader who is only seeing the results of her actions.  She wins the first round, and we have no POV chapter yet to see what is going on inside her head.  Her scene with Ned in the Godswood, followed by the flurry of events that end with her victorious for this first round, leave the impression that she was in control or at least was shrewd enough to win over LF and Viserys.
528	Valerys	2011-05-02	I wonder how many non-reader viewers are thinking about what a bastard Tyrion is for sending someone to kill Bran.Eh, when I first read GoT, I immediately thought that it was totally unbelievable that Tyrion would send a stupid assassin after Bran. I doubt many people would take that as the truth.
529	Xenophon	2011-05-02	At several points in the series now, Ned looks like he's on the verge of tears. That's quite a deviation from the books, and I'm not sure if I approve, considering that the non-readers will have NO idea of what's going on in his head.I liked it.  My wife who hasn't read the books thought the close up of him at the end of the episode was great.  She thought it made a nice conclusion to the episode, since first he looks proud, kind of wrapping up the Arya doesn't want to be a lady mini-arc, but then his face changes, and it almost felt like a cliffhanger as it looks like he's becoming somewhat worried, making you wonder whether Arya is going to need to use her sword soon.Has the series even explained or introed the concept of the kingsguard yet? I mean i suppose it isn't vital in the scheme of things but i'm not getting the "sacred oath" thing from them that's really the root of the Jamie disdain. As someone else said it seems as much about Jamie stabbing him in the back (the way it's been said makes it sound literally rather than figuratively) as the dishonouring of a sworn duty.Yeah, my wife didn't follow that Jaime had been in the Mad King's bodyguard.  I think she was under the impression that he had just been an ordinary knight, and got promoted to Robert's guard as a reward for killing the old King.Okay, I don't have time right now for a full review but here are a few things that were bothering me:Sansa and Arya and Eddard talking about the Hound. I'm not sure if Sandor has even been introduced as 'the Hound' yet, and there is no reason for the non-reader to make that connection. They probably are wondering who it is or why they're talking about a direwolf.Similarly, after Eddard only says 'Lord Baelish,' at the council meeting, Catelyn then refers to him as 'Petyr' to Eddard when Littlefinger's not there. So non-readers may be saying "Who is Petyr?" Even moreso, in the next scene her and Eddard are talking about 'Littlefinger' without ever explaining the name or who they are referencing. Don't give the non-reader too much credit!Finally, when the bloodrider has the whip around Viserys' neck, the hand maiden is translating for him, and she keeps saying, 'the Khal wants to know if you want him dead.' 'The khal this, the khal that.' Was I mishearing her? Was she saying something else? Or was she referencing Drogo despite him not being in the scene, as if he had told them to go and attack Viserys? Or was it just an oversight on the writers part?The hound has been made pretty clear, I think--several characters have called him hound/dog and he has that crazy armor.  My wife knew who he was, and she hasn't read the books and only watched parts of the episodes.Again, my wife was fine with Littlefinger--I think they always make it clear the name is referring to the same actor so it works.She's saying "Rakharo".  I also wondered about that; it sure sounds similar.This show really makes me love Joffrey. Truly. That boy is a true revolutionary! A standing army? That's actually a great idea. It would be a project for a generation or so, but the royal house should really think about that to make themselves less dependent on their lords.I liked most of it, until I realized they won't give us Drogo and Dany out there among the Khalasar. I really expected them to give us that, after Emilia actually tells us that all important things in the life of the Dothraki have to happen outside, under the sky. Instead they give us Rakharo and Irri as human beings, which, in my opinion, is completely pointless. They are nothing more that better extras, through the all of the books, and they should be treated as such. The way people see them, they might have thought their marriage was a marriage for love... The whole Brandon business should be cleared up in the next episode. Yes, the scene with Cersei and Joffrey was brilliant. Cersei basically telling Joff not to be a dick like Robert adds depth to her character and showing us that Joffrey does have some half-decent ideas was great.  He's still a whiny little douchebag, but he's not a cartoon villain anymore.  Instead, he comes across as somewhat intelligent, but naive and narcissistic enough to think that he can just create a standing army out of nothing, as if nobody had thought of this before.But the best part, IMO, was in how Joffrey's plan served as a foil for Cersei's worldview, and it shows how her parenting is creating a monster.  She tells him the truth will be whatever he says it is; then he says that the Northmen will obey him because he says so; and Cersei immediately has to backtrack telling him that there are some limits on how far the King's word can shape reality.  That was brilliant script-writing.  It's subtle, but still clear enough to show us the danger of Cersei's advice, foreshadowing what bad rulers they both will be.
530	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Anyone else  wanted the Arya/Syrio scene to go on forever?
531	Andhaira	2011-05-02	What a FANTASTIC episode. Renly, Barristan the Bold, one of Dany's bloodriders, Petyr, Varys, Syrio Forel Robert calling Jaime the Kingslayer, Westeros being named by name, more of the wall, SO MUCH STUFF!! [img]images/smiles/icon_biggrin.gif[/img] I get the feeling they are putting in easter eggs for readers of the books. [img]images/smiles/icon_smile.gif[/img] Some minor quibbles: No Ghost, no Summer Syrio has hair. Renly has a beard. What did the lot of you think about this great episode?
532	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Damn I cant wait for the Tyrion's arrest in the crossroads inn scene.
533	woodsman816	2011-05-02	I really want to enjoy the series but the lack of subtlety really irks me, most notably the back and forth between Ned and Jamie when they first arrive in the city. I guess you can't help the need for exposition, but it still feels awkward. Also why did they go so far out of their way to make Robert seem like such a dick?
					
					
							Edited by woodsman816, 02 May 2011 - 10:55 AM.
534	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-05-02	The only things that bother me are the lacking of direwolfs and that some characters that will play an important role in the future are not even named. Oh, and did someone notice that Littlefinger and Varys are at first in the small council chamber, then in the brothel and again back at the chamber? I had the feeling that the scenes at the Small Council Chamber are showing only one meeting of the council not two.
535	wolverine	2011-05-02	Don't think I liked most of the changes last night.  Arya and Ned's scene was way more powerful in the book.  Also agree that it should have been Dany asserting her authority over Viserys and telling him he can walk back.
Ghost is almost always with Jon in the books, never see him in the show.
536	Triskan	2011-05-02	Had to re-watch Syrio and Ayra. Big cheesin' grin the whole time. The added touch of Ned's foreboding was awesome.I have to confess (with the On Demand feature) that I probably re-watched episode 2 three times last week.  Each time I eagerly awaited the triple-slap of Joff with a shit-eating grin.  I'll probably do the same this week, except my shit-eating grin scene will be the Syrio-Arya scene at the end instead of the Joff-Tyrion scene at the beginning.
537	Volderon	2011-05-02	Great episode, reference to Ser Duncan The Tall...love it.
Only actor I wasn't feeling was Maester Aemon...didn't seem like the caring man I read in the books, seems much more gritty. Didn't like that at all.
Loved pretty much everything else though! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
538	Cereal Forel	2011-05-02	Just catching up on the threadThe curly hair makes me think of the guy who wanted us all to paint happy little trees, but that makes me love the scenes all the more.I THOUGHT THE SAME THING!!!also, as a side note... I don't see how anyone could mistake Barristan the Bold for anyone other than himself, and DEFINITELY not Tywin Lannister. WTF would Tywin Lannister be doing in Kingsguard armor?! I love that they've casted this show so well that you don't even need to be formally introduced to the characters to immediately know who they are.
539	wolverine	2011-05-02	Great episode, reference to Ser Duncan The Tall...love it.Only actor I wasn't feeling was Maester Aemon...didn't seem like the caring man I read in the books, seems much more gritty. Didn't like that at all.Loved pretty much everything else though! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />When was Ser Duncan the Tall mentioned?  I must have missed it.Maester Aemon does kind of seem like an old crab.Not that it is super important, but how many people would realize that Jorah Mormont is the son of the commander of the Nights Watch?
540	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-02	One thing I didn't like from Robert's scene is that I have the feeling Barristan should really despise Jaime, for betraying his vows and killing Aerys. Jaime embodies everything a man like Ser Barristan would hate. But their interaction recalling the fight against the Brotherhood suggested otherwise. It felt odd to me.I don't know about that. Selmy knew how mad Aerys were, he might even have known about the plans to burn KL, and he did betray Aerys as well eventually. He might not have done what Jaime did, but I believe he's pragmatic enough not to have a Ned-like irrational reaction to Jaime.
541	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I love that they've casted this show so well that you don't even need to be formally introduced to the characters to immediately know who they are.I love it as well, but it's still no excuse for leaving non-readers in the dark.I keep bringing these points up because I've had several non-readers ask me who that was. The KG is not even described yet in the show, so the armor matching Jaime's means basically nothing.
542	PestilencE	2011-05-02	When Arya and Syrio are fighting and we get a gradual close-up on Ned, increasingly louder becomes the sound of swords clashing and men shouting - clearly memories of a battle. Maybe Arya reminds him of Lyanna? Or reminds him of some battle? Interesting...
543	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	Not that it is super important, but how many people would realize that Jorah Mormont is the son of the commander of the Nights Watch?To me, it feels like D&D are hiding this on purpose. In the first introduction to Jorah's past last weekend, he talked about the crime he committed. This week, he said he betrayed his father, but didn't say who that was. Obviously a very astute viewer will notice that they have the same last name, but I seriously doubt non-readers have picked up on something like that with everything else going on. They'll probably have the Old Bear mention something about his son shaming him, and then non-readers will make the connection.If I'm right and that is the case, it's just another example of why I'm loving this adaptation. They're finding very clever ways to heighten the drama of the show for TV audiences.
544	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	When Arya and Syrio are fighting and we get a gradual close-up on Ned, increasingly louder becomes the sound of swords clashing and men shouting - clearly memories of a battle. Maybe Arya reminds him of Lyanna? Or reminds him of some battle? Interesting...I think it's more foreshadowing than flashbacking. Ned knows that KL is dangerous, and he even told Arya that the Starks need to be able to protect themselves. He's genuinely scared that his children will have to be the ones fighting in the inevitable conflict.
545	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-02	When was Ser Duncan the Tall mentioned?  I must have missed it.It was during the Bran/Old Nan scene.Old Nan: "I'll tell you stories about Duncan the Tall. You always liked those."Bran: "No. I liked the scary stories."At least, I think that's the reference... /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
546	aeu	2011-05-02	RE: the goat. I thought he talked about heading to Qohor, and then said "kill a goat" as a separate statement.I think they are seperate statements. Jorah says he will get someone to kill a goat for Danny and then mentions he is going to Qohor.You know it occurred to me that this episode wasn't really a single narrative but rather a collection of scenes just stuck together. It was the same way in the book of course, with separate self contained chapters, but i don't think i have ever seen it done in quite this fashion. Just like most people in this thread i thought non readers would have trouble following it and i'm not surprised critics are complaining about the pacing. Agreed. This episode made me understand Mo Ryan's critisms much, much better. Especially in the early part, it felt like watching one short preview after another.Baelish seemed... off to me. The bit where he took Ned to the brothel came off wrong, the joke wasn't there, it wasn't delivered properly. This is a situation where the book really shouldn't have been changed.Agreed. I always pictured LF as acting mischevious and playfull, at least in public. Pretty much everything he says is followed with an imaginary  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> in my mind. This LF seems too intense, almost bitter.Finally, when the bloodrider has the whip around Viserys' neck, the hand maiden is translating for him, and she keeps saying, 'the Khal wants to know if you want him dead.' 'The khal this, the khal that.' Was I mishearing her? Was she saying something else? Or was she referencing Drogo despite him not being in the scene, as if he had told them to go and attack Viserys? Or was it just an oversight on the writers part?She was saying khaelesi.
547	Rhodan	2011-05-02	Considering scenarists like to adaptate flashbeck references ("war for Cersei´s cunt" for example) I am a little surprised they didn´t include Robert´s "We are killing our lame horses but can´t bring ourselves to kill our lame children" line. Like in every detective story, it´s totally "innocent" when you don´t know what it leads to. 
On the other, if they will adapt ASOS, I would be glad if Joeffrey was really confrontated about this, being given chance to be "dick" about it, maybe even having a more complicated motive. I guess it simply should have been better than situation in the book when Tyrion does "BOOO, nephew, I know about your role in the plot point two books earlier."
					
					
							Edited by Rhodan, 03 May 2011 - 04:25 AM.
548	ser_nerdick	2011-05-02	I don't like Jon's neckbeard. Other than that the episode was pretty good.
549	Volderon	2011-05-02	I loved the Kingsguard. Everything about them is awesome. Their armor, white capes.
That scene with Barristan and Jaime...you could tell Jaime respects Barristan as his commander.
Love this show.
550	Ran	2011-05-02	My general take on Barristan and Jaime is that Barristan is, if nothing else, courteous. He would have maintained an appropriate level of contact with Jaime ... but he could never have warmed to him. When he finds out Jaime is named to replace him, he says:"The Kingslayer," Ser Barristan said, his voice hard with contempt. "The false knight who profaned his blade with the blood of the king he had sworn to defend."He didn't like Jaime. And Jaime would have known it. Barristan would also doubtless give Jaime his due -- he might have volunteered the way Jaime killed the outlaw, in a cool, polite, reluctant way ... but I doubt Jaime would ever have praised Barristan to his face, or that they would be so collegial.So, as far as that goes, it seems an opportunity lost, to show how the institution is sort of torn apart by what Jaime did.
551	FlipFantastic	2011-05-02	I havent seen one lemoncake.  I'm pissed.
552	Volderon	2011-05-02	I'm sorry I keep posting...I just remember things from the episode.
Probably my favourite part, Ned shoves Littlefinger against the wall and says, "You're a funny man, a very funny man." LOL.
553	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Anyone else found Renly's reaction to Ned's sharp remark hilarious? /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
554	legba11	2011-05-02	Quick review: 
Excellent again.
I liked how they frame the episode, you currently have 3.5 men who are kings.
1. Joffery is a cowardly spoiled brat.
2. Robert is a violent, mean drunk.
3. Viserys is the worst qualities of 1 and 2 combined.
3.5. Drogo has become to only fit ruler in the eyes of the audience.  His subjects are loyal and obdient and well treated (reasonably, not the slaves of course). He is concerned with the future of his rule and is happy his plan fo rthat future is going well.
You then have the true power brokers, more fit be still flawed.  Jaime and Cersei, Ned (and sadly too soon Robb), Littlefinger.  Dany is growing into that role as we watch.
The whole series is about fighting over a throne.  We should be shown why it is up for grabs.
555	chris.t.	2011-05-02	I'm sorry I keep posting...I just remember things from the episode.Probably my favourite part, Ned shoves Littlefinger against the wall and says, "You're a funny man, a very funny man." LOL.I said out loud to my TV screen, "Just strangle the little f#$ker."
556	Brewmaster	2011-05-02	He didn't like Jaime. And Jaime would have known it. Barristan would also doubtless give Jaime his due -- he might have volunteered the way Jaime killed the outlaw, in a cool, polite, reluctant way ... but I doubt Jaime would ever have praised Barristan to his face, or that they would be so collegial.So, as far as that goes, it seems an opportunity lost, to show how the institution is sort of torn apart by what Jaime did.I'm re-reading the series in prep for ADWD and I haven't quite gotten to any of Jaime's POV yet, but I thought I remembered from Jaime's POV's that he admired Barristan.
557	Lord Godric	2011-05-02	I said out loud to my TV screen, "Just strangle the little f#$ker."Oh yeah, I said "you should kill him when you have the chance"
558	Xenophon	2011-05-02	A few thoughts on rewatching the episode:
Great juxtaposition of Cersei's telling Joffrey that everyone else is an enemy with Ned's telling Arya that the Starks have to stick together.  Similar advice in a way, but also very different--which neatly sums up the compares and contrasts the two families.
I also loved the Ned/Jaime scene.  Jaime really seemed to hope that Ned would react well to his claim that killing the Mad King felt like justice.  He looked ever-so-briefly wounded by Ned's contemptuous reply, before quickly withdrawing behind his usual sardonic mask.
559	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-02	Better question is have they actually named Cersei yet, besides calling her by some other title like Queen, Sister, etc?I'm pretty sure Jaime used the phrase "the War for Cersei's cunt."
560	Xenophon	2011-05-02	I'm pretty sure Jaime used the phrase "the War for Cersei's cunt."He did.  I also think she was introduced by name in the first episode.
561	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-02	I probably missed it somewhere, but are there actual models used in the intro, or is it all computer graphics?  Would love to see the model of the WallIt's CG. I haven't seen the "HBO on Demand" featurette, but I've worked with 3D graphics, and I could see that the intro sequence was rendered, although it was lit in a natural way that made the objects appear very real and physical. The objects themselves are detailed and the shaders interact well with the lighting to give the surfaces that photorealistic look. The digital camerawork and DOF also help to "sell" the idea that the scene is physical. I guess it's a testament to the skill of the animators/designers that some people believe (or doesn't really know) that physical models have been used in the intro /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As for episode 3 itself: Syrio was funny and I liked the chemistry between him and Arya. I was also impressed by the set and production design: I don't think I've seen better design in any TV series. Lena as Cersei is getting better.The episode was directed by a new director to the show, Brian Kirk (Tim Van Patten directed the first two episodes). I felt that the plot was a bit thicker (lots of setups), but the directing was slightly less focused. Nonetheless, I found the episode to be highly enjoyable. The ending was cool: As the camera slowly zooms in on Ned's concerned face, the sound of the wooden swords gets replaced with sounds of real swords (metal against metal), and the ominous music and sounds of real combat fades in until it reaches a crescendo.
562	vgz	2011-05-02	I am new to this site and I have enjoyed almost all of the postings.  I am just now reading the books, and I am into the 3rd one.  I think I missed something though even after reading and then seeing this last episode.  I did not catch where it said anywhere that Mormont was spying, and if so, for whom. And another question comes to mind about Tyrion...is he good, bad, or evil.  Can't figure him out!  I like him though.  He is smart, devious and seems smarter than any of the Lannisters.  Can anyone clear some of this up for me.  Also, I did feel that the pace and intro to the players/characters were a little jumbled and sort of made it hard to follow until I started reading the books.  My husband has not read the book/s, and is having a time following and as others have said, I also need to explain things to him.  So those who say non-readers might be a little confused are probably right.  Although, they may catch up quickly with such good writing and actors/actresses in the series.
563	DragonAge93	2011-05-02	Amazing episode. The Wall scenes were just too damn good. I love the Benjen and Jon exchange while looking over the Wall (and of course, Tyrion pissing off the edge of it  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />, Peter is just amazing as Tyrion). And of course I really liked the King's Landing scenes. We get a lot more Ned, and I liked his exchange with Arya (even if some things from the book were left out). And the final scene was great. Syrio and Arya practicing with swords was very enjoyable to watch. But what really made the scene for me was that sort of memory that came to Ned as he looked on their training, and how you hear the clash of steel and shouts. I've said it before and I'll say it again, Sean Bean definitely deserves an Emmy. A really great episode, and am already looking forward to next week (as usual).
564	Kalbear	2011-05-02	I did not catch where it said anywhere that Mormont was spying, and if so, for whom.It's mentioned in a AGOT scene where they're talking about finding out Dany's pregnant and sending an assassin - and Ned walks out and turns in his title of Hand in protest.
565	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-02	I think it's more foreshadowing than flashbacking. Ned knows that KL is dangerous, and he even told Arya that the Starks need to be able to protect themselves. He's genuinely scared that his children will have to be the ones fighting in the inevitable conflict.Yeah, that's exactly how I interpreted the scene as well. He realizes the implications of Arya's sword training, and he fears what the future will hold for Arya and his children. The foreshadowing is also underlined by the ominous music.
566	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	I am new to this site and I have enjoyed almost all of the postings.  I am just now reading the books, and I am into the 3rd one.  I think I missed something though even after reading and then seeing this last episode.  I did not catch where it said anywhere that Mormont was spying, and if so, for whom. And another question comes to mind about Tyrion...is he good, bad, or evil.  Can't figure him out!  I like him though.  He is smart, devious and seems smarter than any of the Lannisters.  Can anyone clear some of this up for me.  Also, I did feel that the pace and intro to the players/characters were a little jumbled and sort of made it hard to follow until I started reading the books.  My husband has not read the book/s, and is having a time following and as others have said, I also need to explain things to him.  So those who say non-readers might be a little confused are probably right.  Although, they may catch up quickly with such good writing and actors/actresses in the series.Remember where we see Robert and Ned sharing a picnic lunch out in the field?  Robert hands Ned a note that says Dany Targaryen married Khal Drogo, and the two men argue about whether that makes Dany a threat or not.  Where did that note come from?  Jorah Mormont sent it.  Mormont is keeping an eye on the Targs and reporting back to Robert.  Will he come to regret that in the future?  I won't spoil that part for you.And, Tyrion?  Your words are "...is he good, bad, or evil.  Can't figure him out!  I like him though.  He is smart, devious and seems smarter than any of the Lannisters."  Juust so!   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  Tyrion is all that and more, and sometimes, less.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 02 May 2011 - 04:01 PM.
567	Cereal Forel	2011-05-02	I love it as well, but it's still no excuse for leaving non-readers in the dark.I keep bringing these points up because I've had several non-readers ask me who that was. The KG is not even described yet in the show, so the armor matching Jaime's means basically nothing.They have questions but do they really need to be answered? If you weren't there to hold their hands I'm sure they would figure these things out (or more likely, be told in future episodes). People are already complaining about too much exposition, I'm sure given time Barristan the Bold will be formerly introduced as will the Kingsguard and their history.It's a lot like the first time you read the books. There's a LOT that you miss just from not having enough information to fully process what's going on, but on re-reads once you have all the information you pick more up on the subtleties. We don't need to know Theon's or Barristan's name right now in the story, they aren't important yet.
568	Brewmaster	2011-05-02	And another question comes to mind about Tyrion...is he good, bad, or evil.yes
569	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-02	yesAnd according to Benjen, he is plump as well...
570	smegma	2011-05-02	I watched it twice, and I liked it a lot the first time - even more the second. 
I have to once again disagree with those that dislike the portrayal of Cersei thus far. She isn't shown to be a master politician. Instead, we see her give some good, some bad, and some NO DUH advice to Joffrey and planting the seeds of his wicked personality. She's not a bumbling idiot, but she wasn't in the first book. Things are going well for Cersei and she is playing the part appropriately. I really liked that scene a lot. 
I also have to say that I like this Jorah much more than the book version. Iain Glen looks almost exactly how I imagined him, but somehow his mannerisms and voice make him a more compelling presence than he was in my mind. I also think the two Mormont actors look convincingly like father and son /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Speaking of the Old Bear - I loved the look of desperation he gave off when talking to Tyrion about needing more men and asking for help. It actually made me feel *really* bad for him, and reminded me how empathetic I was to his plight in the books. 
I loved Rockroi's take on Robert - that's exactly what I would have said, only better. Excellent portrayal of a man who may seem to be all bluster and fun, but is haunted by age, responsibility and fear. 
Everyone has been cast so well, that even if I didn't know beforehand, I would have said - hey look, there's Green and Pyp. How anyone who has read the books could mistake Selmy for Tywin is beyond me. He IS Barristan the Bold. Love it. 
I also think that Dany not making Viserys walk was a good move by the writers - she didn't order it, but she approved it. I think Viserys SHOULD have reponded more strongly to her command, so to me this is more believable than the book. I also think it will make her acquiescence to the crowning have much greater impact. 
Syrio was great, looking forward to seeing him take on the whole city. 
Kit Harington has the most soulful eyes. Love his expressions. 
Yoren was much more likable on the screen as well, and I think it's a great character adjustment. 
Loved the Old Nan bit too - sorry that we won't have more of Margaret John. There was a dedication to her at the end of the episode, for those that missed it. 
Bran was great - and while I try not to think the theory could be true (although I sorta like it), some part of me thinks he would be a great Bran is Evil actor. 
Also, did Ned tell Arya not to stab Sansa in the book? I wondered if that was foreshadowing, but then again, I look for those things probably more than necessary in the series, cause I know that D & D are in on the details. 
My only slight gripe - I think that Septa Mordane and Catelyn look way too much alike with her headdress on. They could be sisters. As an actress she is fine though, so no biggie /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I also have to stress, once again - don't fret about names. Characters will be named when they need to be. I am a very attentive viewer and I can't even tell you how long it took me to get everyone's name in The Wire - both because of the lack of naming early on, and the number of characters. It is not natural to say everyone's name all the time, and it serves a purpose to call the attention to the character - we don't need to know who Selmy or Theon are - yet. But I bet next week we'll find out about Theon. Anyway, it all comes together, when necessary. This is one of the largest speaking casts EVER on television. Your patience will be rewarded /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I promise I won't say it again! (maybe lol).
571	Brewmaster	2011-05-02	They have questions but do they really need to be answered? If you weren't there to hold their hands I'm sure they would figure these things out (or more likely, be told in future episodes). People are already complaining about too much exposition, I'm sure given time Barristan the Bold will be formerly introduced as will the Kingsguard and their history.It's a lot like the first time you read the books. There's a LOT that you miss just from not having enough information to fully process what's going on, but on re-reads once you have all the information you pick more up on the subtleties. We don't need to know Theon's or Barristan's name right now in the story, they aren't important yet.Yep, reality is the books are confusing in the beginning. Of course viewers are going to miss who some of the people are until they make a lasting impression. It's the same way reading the books the first time. There are hundreds of names thrown at you, sometimes a paragraph will list the names of like 10-12 lords that you will practically never hear about again. Its an overwhelming amount of information to read, and you focus on those that matter, until the others do something that makes them matter. Barriston and Theon haven't done anything to make them matter yet.
572	Kalbear	2011-05-02	Also, did Ned tell Arya not to stab Sansa in the book? I wondered if that was foreshadowing, but then again, I look for those things probably more than necessary in the series, cause I know that D & D are in on the details.Yes, it was in the book. If anything it was more foreshadowy.
573	shadow of death	2011-05-02	Nan's voice was epic!
Cant wait for the tourny to see the mountain and the hound go at it.
574	Lupigis	2011-05-02	I didnt even get it was Barristan with Robert trading war stories. When they showed Jamie and him standing side by side, I thought 'wait a minute, what is Tywin doing here in KL? He doesn't show up until much later.I also thought it was Tywin!
575	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-02	Nan's voice was epic!Cant wait for the tourny to see the mountain and the hound go at it.Definitely looking forward to our introduction to Ser Gregor and to seeing those two brothers interact. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
576	Maltaran	2011-05-02	That was a fun episode, especially with the fanservice mentions of Dunk, and of the Kingswood Brotherhood (on that note, is it ever said in the books that Barristan killed Simon Toyne?). I was looking forward to  seeing how well IHW plays Bran as a cripple, but we only got the one scene - I guess that's going to be more in focus in the next episode, given the title. His repeated line of "I'd rather be dead" did hit me quite hard, so it looks good on that front.
The Jaime and Cersei scene seemed a decent addition, and IIRC we do actually get Jaime's memory of that conversation in SoS (the War for Cersei's Cunt sounds familiar).
And I can't let this post finish without saying how awesome Syrio was.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
577	Kalbear	2011-05-02	That was a fun episode, especially with the fanservice mentions of Dunk, and of the Kingswood Brotherhood (on that note, is it ever said in the books that Barristan killed Simon Toyne?).Pretty sure it's mentioned in ASOS when Jaime's looking at Selmy's record in the White Book.
578	smegma	2011-05-02	Yes, it was in the book. If anything it was more foreshadowy.Ahh okay - I thought it might have been, because it sounded familiar - but a lot of the dialog has thus far rang pretty true so I wasn't counting on my memory 100%.  And for those looking for Tywin - I think you'll know him INSTANTLY cause he looks AWESOME. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
579	legba11	2011-05-02	Tywin is the greatest villain in cinema history, Benedict from Last Action Hero.  "I've shot a man!  I killed him and I did it on purpose!"
He was Sardo Numpsey from Golden Child too.
580	Lupigis	2011-05-02	In the Robert - Barristan scene I think I heard Robert talk about the battle of Summerhall. Is that mentioned in the books or is it new?
581	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	I watched it twice, and I liked it a lot the first time - even more the second. I have to once again disagree with those that dislike the portrayal of Cersei thus far. She isn't shown to be a master politician. Instead, we see her give some good, some bad, and some NO DUH advice to Joffrey and planting the seeds of his wicked personality. She's not a bumbling idiot, but she wasn't in the first book. Things are going well for Cersei and she is playing the part appropriately. I really liked that scene a lot. I also have to say that I like this Jorah much more than the book version. Iain Glen looks almost exactly how I imagined him, but somehow his mannerisms and voice make him a more compelling presence than he was in my mind. I also think the two Mormont actors look convincingly like father and son /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Speaking of the Old Bear - I loved the look of desperation he gave off when talking to Tyrion about needing more men and asking for help. It actually made me feel *really* bad for him, and reminded me how empathetic I was to his plight in the books. I loved Rockroi's take on Robert - that's exactly what I would have said, only better. Excellent portrayal of a man who may seem to be all bluster and fun, but is haunted by age, responsibility and fear. Everyone has been cast so well, that even if I didn't know beforehand, I would have said - hey look, there's Green and Pyp. How anyone who has read the books could mistake Selmy for Tywin is beyond me. He IS Barristan the Bold. Love it. I also think that Dany not making Viserys walk was a good move by the writers - she didn't order it, but she approved it. I think Viserys SHOULD have reponded more strongly to her command, so to me this is more believable than the book. I also think it will make her acquiescence to the crowning have much greater impact. Syrio was great, looking forward to seeing him take on the whole city. Kit Harington has the most soulful eyes. Love his expressions. Yoren was much more likable on the screen as well, and I think it's a great character adjustment. Loved the Old Nan bit too - sorry that we won't have more of Margaret John. There was a dedication to her at the end of the episode, for those that missed it. Bran was great - and while I try not to think the theory could be true (although I sorta like it), some part of me thinks he would be a great Bran is Evil actor. Also, did Ned tell Arya not to stab Sansa in the book? I wondered if that was foreshadowing, but then again, I look for those things probably more than necessary in the series, cause I know that D & D are in on the details. My only slight gripe - I think that Septa Mordane and Catelyn look way too much alike with her headdress on. They could be sisters. As an actress she is fine though, so no biggie /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I also have to stress, once again - don't fret about names. Characters will be named when they need to be. I am a very attentive viewer and I can't even tell you how long it took me to get everyone's name in The Wire - both because of the lack of naming early on, and the number of characters. It is not natural to say everyone's name all the time, and it serves a purpose to call the attention to the character - we don't need to know who Selmy or Theon are - yet. But I bet next week we'll find out about Theon. Anyway, it all comes together, when necessary. This is one of the largest speaking casts EVER on television. Your patience will be rewarded /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I promise I won't say it again! (maybe lol).You wrote so much I was about to that I just had to quote it and say that I agree with almost everything.Another thing I just loved was how good the Dothraki language sounded when we got a pure conversation when Dany's handmaiden asks for other food than horse for her. Not that it hasn't sounded good before, this was just perfection.Even though you mentioned it, I still have to repeat that Ser Jorah is awesome in the series and has a real magnetism to him, which I don't think the character in the book had. Great presence by the actor.And overall I think the new scenes they have created are fantastic. They often display good detail about the characters (at times things that's even subtle in the books) and they get good use out of great actors. Addy is fantastic as Robert in his bedchamber and Jaime is shown with the perfect mix of arrogance and that slight hint of nobility we know from his POV's. And I don't know if I have just forgotten just how great of an actor Sean Bean can be or if this role just is his best so far to show his range? It's actually true that you can just point the camera on his face and you have a great scene, even if he doesn't say anything.Now to wait yet another week...
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 May 2011 - 04:52 PM.
582	Rockroi	2011-05-02	In the Robert - Barristan scene I think I heard Robert talk about the battle of Summerhall. Is that mentioned in the books or is it new?IIRC, Summerhall is mentioned several times in CoK and SoS- The Battle of Summerhall was three battles wherein Robert defeated three separate Loyalist armies before the three could link up.  IIRC, Stannis' nephew, Storm, who is Robert's bastard, mentions this with great pride to Davos.  Stannis also explains how the leaders of two of the three armies actually joined Robert's side and how Robert went hunting with the two men later on, and how one of the two actually died in Robert's service on the Trident.  They did not mention the swamp, though.  And I was sort of surprised that it was the first time Robert had killed a man, but in retrospect, that makes sense.  When else would he have had the chance?
583	Bubba	2011-05-02	I don't know if that has been mentioned yet, but the Cersie/Joffrey scene was weird. Book Cersie would never use "fuck" or talk of sex around her children, at least that is the impression I get from her. The way Cersie looked at Joff, it's like they wanted to imply even more incest, this time mother son. Wouldn't surprise me if non-book reading viewers are thinking this. HBO Joff is a good deal smarter and is being portrayed more as a villain, which I like in a way. 
Lack of direwolves is weird. And no mention of the dream yet? Going by next weeks title, we might get our first look (or mention) of the crow.
584	thorny throne	2011-05-02	Ah, at long last, I'm home to watch.
Big props for "just so" - I mouthed the words right before they were suppose to be said, hoping I'd hear it. Because they slightly changed several of the lines before that,like Arya saying 'not really' instead of 'not truly' which irked me, and where the heck was 'and not the man I fear he has become'??
They need to introduce a man and his nickname, Littlefingers switching three <U+009E>ames in one episode wasn't good. 
Speaking of littlefinger - this is where Cat's aging is bothersome. She looks 10 years older than little finger, at least, she's suppose to be just several years older, like 2 or 3 years, not more. A bit hard to imagine him in love with her. The actor is great though, so was Varys, exactly as I've pictured him.
The fondness between Selmey and Jaime was weird, on the other hand, not quite enough fondness between Jaime and Cersei, I would have loved to see a passionate kiss, again - missing a bit of the 'love' aspect of their relationship. Is it icky to say I rooted for them during book 1? There were times when I wanted Jaime to get the girl, even if she was his sister, LOL. Anyway, I'm invested in that relationship, and I'd like to see it evolved before they are seperated.
I thought it was interesting that Arya asked Ned how he could let Sansa marry Joffery, she didn't in the book, and it was an important question. 
Nan was brilliant, and Brad saying 'I'd rather die' was one of the highlights of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by thorny throne, 02 May 2011 - 05:06 PM.
585	Volderon	2011-05-02	Ok question...why did Dany order them to stop marching? I didn't catch it...there seemed to be no point in it other than to have Viserys go ape shit.
586	Xenophon	2011-05-02	Ok question...why did Dany order them to stop marching? I didn't catch it...there seemed to be no point in it other than to have Viserys go ape shit.Jorah keeps telling her she needs to drink, and it's a long way between rest stops on the Dothraki Sea... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't think it was ever explained.
587	Ellroy	2011-05-02	The episode was quite good and I loved to see some scene of the book bringed to life. I loved Old Nan scene and the final with Syrio Forel. 
Still, I think that it was the weaker episode of the series so far. Too dense, too many plots that only touches the surface of things. Especially the Cat/Eddard/LF situation. It was so brief that it sounded forced in many ways. If I never read the books, I would strongly question the timeline of events. 
But mostly, I really don't like the Cersei of the TV series. She is nothing like the book. I can't see those glimpse of bitchness and madness that charachterize her so strongly from the beginning and I agree that her relationship with Jaime seems one dimensional: she allways seem to protect herself from Jaime's attention.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 02 May 2011 - 05:14 PM.
588	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	Ok question...why did Dany order them to stop marching? I didn't catch it...there seemed to be no point in it other than to have Viserys go ape shit.I just assumed she had to attend to nature's needs in private, away from the eyes of all those men.  But others here have said that in the book, she wanted to walk awhile, to feel the earth between her toes or whatever.  Whichever, it could have used an ounce of explanation..
589	Aoife	2011-05-02	It's not terribly clear. In the "Inside the Episode" video, D&D talk about how she's really starting to be affected by the plight of the slaves, particularly given what similarities she sees to her own life. 
So whether she needs to just ground herself after watching the man be whipped, or wanted to try to find him to talk to him, that was the ultimate cause for her halt.
590	Volderon	2011-05-02	Ok because it seemed like, "I'm going to walk and stop in a big clearing until Viserys comes through on his horse."
591	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	Ok question...why did Dany order them to stop marching? I didn't catch it...there seemed to be no point in it other than to have Viserys go ape shit.This will obviously be the third different answer you get but they are riding and talking about slaves and then she watches a slave being beaten just before she tells Jorah to command a halt. I think she's just taking ill to the concept of slavery and needs a break to get away for a little while. She's basically been a slave to Viserys all her life so she can relate and I think they brushed on this in the Behind the Episode video.Edit: Too late. I watched the scene again before posting and I had trouble stopping. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 May 2011 - 05:23 PM.
592	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	But mostly, I really don't like the Cersei of the TV series. She is nothing like the book. I can't see those glimpse of bitchness and madness that charachterize her so strongly from the beginning and I agree that her relationship with Jaime seems one dimensional: she allways seem to protect herself from Jaime's attention.I don't agree that she's nothing like the book. She's often calm and collected in the first book. Even when Robert hits her so hard she falls to the ground she doesn't scream and just rises calmly and says "I'll wear this as a badge of honor". I don't really see how she's mad in that book. That starts to come when things start crumbling around her, especially after Joffrey's wedding (as much of her drive comes from being a protective mother).
593	Xenophon	2011-05-02	On the subject of Dany dismounting, what is that forest(?) they are riding through?  It looked really other-worldly. Does anyone know where that was filmed?
594	oneeye	2011-05-02	I thought it was that the slaves were slow and tired and getting whipped so she ordered a stop to let them rest.
595	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	On the subject of Dany dismounting, what is that forest(?) they are riding through?  It looked really other-worldly. Does anyone know where that was filmed?It seemed to me to be a forest of bamboo--no clue where they were filming that might have bamboo forests!
596	denstorebog	2011-05-02	Still, I think that it was the weaker episode of the series so far.Absolutely the worst ep so far, but at least it's a good sign that it's still entertaining.Going into King's Landing simply brings such a change of location and cast that it's going to be jarring as hell, so that was to be expected. All in all though, I find myself wishing more and more that there were more episodes in this season. It could have used them. (And kinda ironic for a series that claims that seasons can last for generations..)
					
					
							Edited by denstorebog, 02 May 2011 - 05:34 PM.
597	Kalbear	2011-05-02	IIRC, It was filmed in Ireland.
598	Ellroy	2011-05-02	I don't agree that she's nothing like the book. She's often calm and collected in the first book. Even when Robert hits her so hard she falls to the ground she doesn't scream and just rises calmly and says "I'll wear this as a badge of honor". I don't really see how she's mad in that book. That starts to come when things start crumbling around her, especially after Joffrey's wedding (as much of her drive comes from being a protective mother).I don't know, maybe I'm just influenced by AFfC. Yes, she used her "lady mask" untill the death of Twyn but you know from the beginning that it was just a mask. You could see glimpse of her madness when she was allowed to be honest. She is icy cold and ruthless, but not wise or considered. She is not a good player of the game of thrones. She does not plan, she improvise and follow her instinct.About the madness: she is having an affair with her brother... is it normal? She fucks her cousin to controll/kill Robert and aborted the sons she had with Robert: again, it is not a proof of some sort of mental desease? She is not evil or degnerate... she is simply crazy. And you could never tell from the TV show.And madness aside: what about the bitchness  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> ? That Cersei is not hot.Btw, read the interview of the actress who is playing her in the Winter is Coming blog. She has a very human and down to earth view of Cersei. It is nothing like what a normal reader of the book would say of her while reading the first chapters of AGoT. It seems like she is talking of the Catelyn of the books.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 02 May 2011 - 05:49 PM.
599	So1ar	2011-05-02	i thought it was a very good episode. syrio was a little goofy but i really liked him and the entire scene with arya. the music playing during this scene was really good too. i have to say i'm impressed with the score.i'll add my voice to the others crying out for ghost. i hear they were hard to film with but we're not asking him to do cartwheels! was it too much to ask to have him walk beside jon at some point or just sitting next to him on top of the wall?also, sansa is a huge bitch for shoving ned's gift right in his face.Something I just thought of.  Ned tells Bran that he was born during the long summer.  This ep says that summer has lasted 9 yrs.  If Bran has been aged up to 10 yrs old is that accurate?  Maybe I'm remembering wrong.i learned this from the simpsons. a wizard did it.
600	Aoife	2011-05-02	On the subject of Dany dismounting, what is that forest(?) they are riding through?  It looked really other-worldly. Does anyone know where that was filmed?A willow field in Northern Ireland, apparently. http://www.makinggam...her-at-sea.htmlI don't know if that applies to the close scene with Viserys as well as the wider shots, but I'm guessing yes? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
601	Kalbear	2011-05-02	also, sansa is a huge bitch for shoving ned's gift right in his face.You've never actually been a teenager or been around them as an adult, have you? I think Ned was something of a huge bitch for thinking that somehow, in some way, a doll was going to make up or even remotely come close to helping the bond between them after he killed her dog - a dog that did not do anyone any harm and that she clearly loved. "Sorry I executed your direwolf...here's a barbie"? And SANSA's the bitch? Whatever.
602	Volderon	2011-05-02	You've never actually been a teenager or been around them as an adult, have you? I think Ned was something of a huge bitch for thinking that somehow, in some way, a doll was going to make up or even remotely come close to helping the bond between them after he killed her dog - a dog that did not do anyone any harm and that she clearly loved. "Sorry I executed your direwolf...here's a barbie"? And SANSA's the bitch? Whatever.Well, it was Sansa's fault, she shouldn't have lied. Ned only killed it because he didn't want Ser Illyn to do it.
603	Aoife	2011-05-02	It wasn't Sansa's fault. She neither ordered the execution, failed to stop the execution, or performed the execution. (Or, to cover Joffrey, started the whole damn situation in the first place.) By the time it got to that point, I'm not sure that even telling the truth would have saved Lady.
604	Trackrunner	2011-05-02	I got the impression the Ned/Sansa scene wasn't meant to show either of them as a bitch.  Rather, I think it showed how little involvement Ned has had in Sansa's upbringing, compared to Arya's.  His intentions were good, but I think Sansa's feelings were hurt just as much as his were in that scene.
605	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-02	I don't know, maybe I'm just influenced by AFfC. Yes, she used her "lady mask" untill the death of Twyn but you know from the beginning that it was just a mask. You could see glimpse of her madness when she was allowed to be honest. She is icy cold and ruthless, but not wise or considered. She is not a good player of the game of thrones. She does not plan, she improvise and follow her instinct.About the madness: she is having an affair with her brother... is it normal? She fucks her cousin to controll/kill Robert and aborted the sons she had with Robert: again, it is not a proof of some sort of mental desease? She is not evil or degnerate... she is simply crazy. And you could never tell from the TV show.And madness aside: what about the bitchness  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> ? That Cersei is not hot.Btw, read the interview of the actress who is playing her in the Winter is Coming blog. She has a very human and down to earth view of Cersei. It is nothing like what a normal reader of the book would say of her while reading the first chapters of AGoT. It seems like she is talking of the Catelyn of the books.I know what you mean but I'm one of the opinion that people that just call her mad and stupid are selling her too short and perhaps basing it too much on when she finally loses it. I'm not saying I'm necessarily more right than you, it's just my opinion.And if that was what you meant by madness, how is the show not showing this? She has sex with her brother and everything else you've mentioned is things that are yet to happen, or things in the past that are revealed in what would be season 4. As for whether or not it's a mental disease, I don't think that's clear either way.And Lena Headey haven't read any of the books and only intends to read the scripts because she thinks that's the best way to go at it. I do think Cersei is far more human than many give her credit for though. Her drive to do things comes for a big part from very basic human feelings (care for her children and family, feelings of rejection because she's a woman etc). She has plenty of vile sides but we humans aren't exactly the kindest race to grace the Earth.
606	Kalbear	2011-05-02	Well, it was Sansa's fault, she shouldn't have lied. Ned only killed it because he didn't want Ser Illyn to do it.Even if this were true - and it's demonstrably false, but fine - do you think that it's a good idea to give your 13-year old daughter who you've just pledged to marry someone a doll? And actually say 'this is for Lady'. It's just horrible. It's about the best way to alienate a moody teenager I can think of short of removing her facebook privileges.
607	Volderon	2011-05-02	It wasn't Sansa's fault. She neither ordered the execution, failed to stop the execution, or performed the execution. (Or, to cover Joffrey, started the whole damn situation in the first place.) By the time it got to that point, I'm not sure that even telling the truth would have saved Lady.We'll never know right? Who can say it wouldn't of worked? She sold her family and I think the actress does a very good job with the character because I hated her the first time she talked when her mother was brushing her hair.And I'd give her a doll, she's going to be pissed anyways, she's a teenager. Doesn't mean you shouldn't reach out. If you said nothing it would have been worse more than likely.
					
					
							Edited by Volderon, 02 May 2011 - 06:06 PM.
608	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	And actually say 'this is for Lady'.I think what Ned actually says is "This is for you, love."
609	smegma	2011-05-02	I got the impression the Ned/Sansa scene wasn't meant to show either of them as a bitch.  Rather, I think it showed how little involvement Ned has had in Sansa's upbringing, compared to Arya's.  His intentions were good, but I think Sansa's feelings were hurt just as much as his were in that scene.Exactly. Ned "gets" Arya - he doesn't understand Sansa, even if he loves her. Arya is a young Lyanna, a Stark through and through, whereas it's been noted a hundred times that Sansa has a great deal of southern Tully in her, which he is not as comfortable dealing with, nor has he had the influence on her that he has on Arya. If and when Sansa does fully lose her Stark-ness (symbolized by the early death of Lady), this is just an early cue as to why she wasn't a horrible person, but rather developed by the circumstances in her life.
610	Kaitscralt	2011-05-02	I actually thought the doll was really cool. I thought it was more of like a keepsake or trinket since it was made by a famous dollmaker that makes them for the princess. I didn't think Eddard expected her to actually play with it.
I'd take one of them, and I'm a twenty three year old guy.
611	Yvone	2011-05-02	I'm really loving this show, can't get enough of it at the moment. I do feel that the third episode is still part of the introduction to the story and characters and I'm hoping we can really get to know them and not just have a bit of information about their characters here and there. As this ep was titled Lord Snow, I hoped to get to know the Jon Snow character more than we did. Still, it's enough to whet the appetite for more and it was enough to increase the appeal of his character, Arya, Daenerys and Tyrion too. I'm sure that I'm being too impatient for the rest of the story! Which I think is a sign of a good story ahead already.  /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> I don't know if that has been mentioned yet, but the Cersie/Joffrey scene was weird. Book Cersie would never use "fuck" or talk of sex around her children, at least that is the impression I get from her. The way Cersie looked at Joff, it's like they wanted to imply even more incest, this time mother son. Wouldn't surprise me if non-book reading viewers are thinking this.Non-book reader here (well, I've just started to read the first book), so here's my take on it...  I didn't think of incest at all when Cersei said that. I merely thought it demonstrated her own lack of morals. How disgraceful is it that a mother would teach her son to treat his wife as a necessity for formal occasions and children and to "fuck" whoever he wants. I think I won't be warming to Cersei or Joffrey anytime soon. I thought it was interesting that Arya asked Ned how he could let Sansa marry Joffery, she didn't in the book, and it was an important question.It was a good question to ask and Arya went up in my estimation again because of it. Ned couldn't answer and went on to reinforce his point of family having to stick together instead. I thought it was that the slaves were slow and tired and getting whipped so she ordered a stop to let them rest.That was my impression as well. When I saw it mentioned here, I had to re-watch to see if I missed anything. They don't mention the need to drink and as they showed the slave getting whipped and Daenerys taking notice of that before she gave the order to stop, I had assumed it was in relation to her taking pity and deciding a rest was in order.
612	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-02	Another great episode and the time just flew by and suddenly it was over. I want to see the next one now, dammit! I'm really loving this show.Some notes:Arya is an adorable kid (I thought she was supposed to be rather ugly, being called "Horseface" and everything). Maisie Williams steals every scene she's in.The added scene with Cersei and Joffrey was illuminating as to their relationship and how Cersei is grooming Joff to be a bad king.Although all his reasonings aren't bad. The one about a standing army was a rather novel idea. He's still a cowardly brat though.The added Jaime/Cersei scene felt a bit odd. I don't get the feeling how devoted the twins are supposed to be to each other. And I always thought it was Cersei who called the shots (no pun intended) but here it doesn't seem like that.Jaime is such a jackass. I hate him. But I wonder how they will pull off his "redemption" in the coming seasons.They are really working to get a lot of exposition into it without it feeling too forced (the Ned/Jaime scene; the Robert/Jaime/Selmy scene). It is unavoidable that it will feel forced once in a while. Mostly it's done well.For the non-reader the episode might lack in action, and it may seem confusing to jump frequently between so many different locations.King's Landing appears more Mediterranean than I expected. Dorne will feel downright equatorial.Loved the mighty Wall. And Tyrion pissing from it made me laugh.Peter Dinklage is awesome as Tyrion. And it made sense to give him Donal Noye's lines to Jon about being a good soldier and comrade.But where was Ghost? And no other direwolves were seen either?I felt bad for both Ned and Sansa. They just can't communicate. Ned understands Arya much better, but he gives his teenaged daughter a doll!Great introduction to Littlefinger, Varys and the royal council. Great actors. And general Veers as Pycelle! Heh!Iain Glen as Jorah Mormont also stood out. I can feel sympathy for him. And the switch of allegiance by him from Viserys to Dany was telling.Loved Old Nan. The actress (RIP) really Old Nan'd Old Nan.Great fencing lesson with Arya and Syrio.Sad farewell between Ned and Catelyn. We know this is the last they'll see of each other. Sniff!
613	VikingLegion	2011-05-02	I am absolutely aghast there are at least two posters in this thread who have mentioned not reading the books (or just starting to read them now).  Seriously, you guys are doing yourselves a massive disfavor by spoiling what is one of the most compelling, knock-you-flat-on-your-ass stories out there.  There are so many moments that aren't going to have even 1/100th of the impact they should have, because you heard us talking about them here already.
In the end it's your decision and you're only ruining it for yourselves.  Something my friends and I talk about when introducing fresh meat to ASOIAF is how in a way we're jealous, because we can never experience those moments again, knowing what we know now.
*EDIT*  Not talking to the guy/girl that is 3 books in.  At least they know mostly what's going on and the spoilers will be minimal.  This is more towards the one who just started AGoT and the other that hasn't read anything at all.
					
					
							Edited by VikingLegion, 02 May 2011 - 06:59 PM.
614	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-02	My only sfx gripe is the total lack of steamy breath when people are talking atop the wall (well even when outside at ground level there should be steamy breath). Completely diminishes the frosty bleakness of the place. I hope it was just a one off screw up for this episode rather than a penny pinching decision to save on the sfx budget.
Otherwise, really liked the first viewing. The show is starting to flesh out characters. But I think it's odd with the secondary characters that names are often not used (Bob never uses Barristan's name in that scene, so we have no idea who he is other than he's got the same sort of armour as Jaime). Glad Bob called Jaime the Kingslayer, was wondering when that name was going to be used.
I really liked the conversation between Ned and Jaime. That has firmly cemented the tone of their relationship for the rest of the story.
Yaay! Syrio Forel being clearly of another race and culture and considers himself to be more sophisticated and civilised than the Westerosi. Well cast and totally loved that scene. Really looking forward to more of Arya and Syrio.
I think KL looks a bit Pentoshi. Audience could be forgiven for thinking that KL and Pentos are on the same landmass. In some of the establishing shots I was unsure about where we were until I saw who was in the scene.
My wife liked the "war is easier than daughters" line. It's going to be very clear why Sansa comes under the sway of Cersei because Ned is clearly a total incompetent when it comes to being a father to a very feminine daughter.
Not only is each show going by too fast, but the season as a whole is going to be over far too quickly. And then it will be 10 1/2 months of waiting for Season 2.
615	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	Not only is each show going by too fast, but the season as a whole is going to be over far too quickly. And then it will be 10 1/2 months of waiting for Season 2.Ahhh, but that gives us all those months through autumn and a long winter (Winter IS Coming!) to argue over aDwD!  And to project (and argue over) how the various DwD scenes might or might not be played out on-screen, if and when The Seven and the old gods grant we ever get that far.
616	Yvone	2011-05-02	[*]But where was Ghost? And no other direwolves were seen either?[*]I felt bad for both Ned and Sansa. They just can't communicate. Ned understands Arya much better, but he gives his teenaged daughter a doll!I felt sorry for Ned in that scene as he was thoughtful in giving his daughter the doll, even if he wasn't tuned in to what she would appreciate. I wasn't happy with Sansa for being so ungrateful. Jon's direwolf crossed my mind too. I presume he should be around since people are questioning it.
617	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-02	I also wanted to point out that I love Headey's portrayal (and D&D's envisioning) of Cersei. Just awesome.
618	Bradmanny42	2011-05-02	Just so!  I have to watch it again, but did she tell Bran about spiders north of the Wall as big as houses?  Spiders?Not houses, exactly, but she did tell him of spiders... "One by one his friends died, and his horse,and finally even his dog, and his sword froze so hard the blade snapped when he tried to use it. And theOthers smelled the hot blood in him, and came silent on his trail, stalking him with packs of pale whitespiders big as hounds-"
619	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	Not houses, exactly, but she did tell him of spiders... "One by one his friends died, and his horse,and finally even his dog, and his sword froze so hard the blade snapped when he tried to use it. And theOthers smelled the hot blood in him, and came silent on his trail, stalking him with packs of pale whitespiders big as hounds-"Thanks!  And, welcome to the board!   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
620	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-02	I felt sorry for Ned in that scene as he was thoughtful in giving his daughter the doll, even if he wasn't tuned in to what she would appreciate. I wasn't happy with Sansa for being so ungrateful.Even though I'm not the biggest Sansa fan at this point (like many other readers I didn't begin to feel sympathy for her until later) it should be obvious that you don't give a doll to a teenager. Unless you're Eddard "clueless" Stark, that is. And I can understand her being "ungrateful" since she's still upset about Lady's death - at her father's hand no less. Yeah, it was either him or Ilyn Payne, but still...
621	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-02	I felt sorry for Ned in that scene as he was thoughtful in giving his daughter the doll, even if he wasn't tuned in to what she would appreciate. I wasn't happy with Sansa for being so ungrateful. I don't know. As an ungrateful daughter, I can understand Sansa. Sure, it's nice that Ned gave her a gift, but did he even try to think about what she might actually like? It emphasizes that he knows nothing about her and that so far he has done a pretty crappy job of bothering to get to know her. "Here, have a doll." It's the sort of gift that says "I don't see you as a real person."I wish Bran was getting more love in this thread. His only scene was phenomenal. Bran is postively otherworldly.
622	Volderon	2011-05-02	I wish Bran was getting more love in this thread. His only scene was phenomenal. Bran is postively otherworldly.Because Bran is boring? He had one scene but I didn't think it was anything special at all. Since most of us have read the books, we know the outcome of his story and it may make it boring to some people, and it's probably the POV that GRRM writes the less.Sure Old Nan was amazing but yeah...
					
					
							Edited by Volderon, 02 May 2011 - 07:31 PM.
623	sweetrobin	2011-05-02	My initial thought when Ned was watching Arya "waterdance" was that he saw his daughter acting so much like Lyanna. In the book series, we know that Lyanna was known for her abilities with horses though, not with swords. I think when Neds face turns to dread, he is therefore recalling a time when Lyanna might have fought with a sword, notably, as the Knight of the Laughing Tree at the Harrenhal Tourney.
624	Mazikeen	2011-05-02	Finally watched the episode today, twice, and told my mother who hasn't read the book to start watching the series. I really enjoyed it, my biggest complain is a lack of cohesiveness and the timelines being muddled here and there (there is only one council meeting, but the way that part is edited may make it seem like two).The sets are great. King's Landing is slightly different than I envisioned it, but I liked it very much and the marked difference between what we've seen so far in the North. Someone made a good point that it's a little too similar with Pentos, perhaps, but they are on the same latitude so it makes sense that the climate is similar, and perhaps the architecture as well.I like the TV version of Cersei, a lot. To me she doesn't come across as "too smart" or "too composed", I think she's just fine at this point and a strong female character that is needed since they took the edge out of Catelyn a little (sniff). The only things that didn't fit so well was that bit about whores and virgin noble girls in her conversation with Joffrey, considering that this is what she has to suffer from Robert. Also I'd like to see her a little more relaxed and affectionate with Jaime.I think the Dany/Viserys scene in the grass was well-handled. In the books we get Dany's internal monologue to show us her change in perspective regarding Viserys and a lot of little details they couldn't have fitted in the TV series. So this scene served to show Dany that Viserys is not quite as scary and dangerous and she now has people to protect her, so I can well see that in the next episodes she'll start to actually stand up to him.Loved the interactions between Rakharo and the handmaiden in both scenes - Rakharo's look of disbelief and her tiny shrug when she relays Dany's order not to hurt Viserys, then the entire conversation about rabbits and ducks and dogs. Spoken Dothraki sounds really good and fits very well. The only nitpick is that the handmaiden should probably have been mounted, to better emphasize the humiliation of Viserys being made to walk, but then there wouldn't have been anyone to help Dany mount I guess.Catelyn wears a silver fish pin on her dress when she arrives in KL, nice touch.Interesting scene between Ser Jorah and Rakharo, maybe a hint that taking back Seven Kingdoms with a horde of Dothraki screamers may not be as easy as Viserys makes it sound, since their weapons are likely ineffective against heavy armour.I think the brothel where Littlefinger takes Cat is Chataya's, there's a baby crying in the background and several dark-skinned women.I really cannot make out what Ned's last line is in the scene with him and Jaimie. "You served him well. *something something* safe". Also, why is the floor in the throne room so dirty?I very much like this new Yoren and his bear's balls.Varys and Pycelle are perrr-fect. I expected Littlefinger to be better dressed (or at least more colourful) and with less stubble. He works very well otherwise.Benjen seemed a touch overdramatic on the Wall. Also, no frosty breath when he and Jon were talking, and generally very little of it in the Castle Black scenes.
							Edited by Mazikeen, 02 May 2011 - 08:01 PM.
625	Kalbear	2011-05-02	I really cannot make out what Ned's last line is in the scene with him and Jaimie. "You served him well. *something something* safe". Also, why is the floor in the throne room so dirty?"You served him well...when serving was safe".
626	Yvone	2011-05-02	Even though I'm not the biggest Sansa fan at this point (like many other readers I didn't begin to feel sympathy for her until later) it should be obvious that you don't give a doll to a teenager. Unless you're Eddard "clueless" Stark, that is. And I can understand her being "ungrateful" since she's still upset about Lady's death - at her father's hand no less. Yeah, it was either him or Ilyn Payne, but still...I can understand her reason for being so upset and I won't argue that Ned doesn't know his daughter well enough to know what she'd appreciate or to realise that she's too old for a doll. It's still the sentiment that counted for me because for his part, he didn't have much of a choice in Lady's death and there wasn't a lot he could do to make up for it. A lot of dads are clueless about an appropriate gift for a child, so I put it down to that... that Ned is one of those dads. Doesn't mean he didn't care for his daughter. And while I understand why Sansa reacted as she did to it, I felt for Ned on seeing the expression on his face. I wonder if Sansa would have felt differently if she had caught that.
627	madking	2011-05-02	I love how Ned gives Sansa  the older sister a doll and Arya a sword trainer. Nice contrast
628	Xanrn	2011-05-02	Well he had Lyanna sister, no female cousins and his mother was gone for alot of his life.
Not suprising he gets Arya and not Sansa.
That conversation between Joffrey and Cersei, made me feal sorry for the little shit and then want to applaud him.
Joffrey of all people gets a standing army trained by veterans is better than armed peasants, holy crap. Is that to setup some sort of Young Wolf vs Young Lionag.
Lyanna didn't fight with a sword as the Knight of the Laughing Tree, she jousted the 3 Stooges, she did beat up their squires with a sword when saving Howland.
It was probably more of remembering what Lyanna picking up a sword caused, hence the Battle sound effects.
629	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	Just rewatched the episode. The last few seconds gave me chills...the music's crescendo, the steel ringing on top of the wooden clacking, Ned's expression changing...extremely deep, poetic, and magnificently done scene. Stuff like this tells me that D&D simply get this series.Side note: all the episodes are even better the second time. When the DVDs are released, I'm gonna be wearing them out!
630	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-02	I find it amusing that some posters on here expect Lord Stark to understand Sansa.  She is lost to him.  The guy isn't Metro at all.
631	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-02	I don't know. As an ungrateful daughter, I can understand Sansa. Sure, it's nice that Ned gave her a gift, but did he even try to think about what she might actually like? It emphasizes that he knows nothing about her and that so far he has done a pretty crappy job of bothering to get to know her. "Here, have a doll." It's the sort of gift that says "I don't see you as a real person."I wish Bran was getting more love in this thread. His only scene was phenomenal. Bran is postively otherworldly.Yep, that's exactly how I interpret the scene as well. Ned's out of touch and while his heart was in the right place, he utterly failed to think of Sansa as a person -- rather, he evaluated her as "generic girl-child."
632	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	I love how Ned gives Sansa  the older sister a doll and Arya a sword trainer. Nice contrastActually its not that simple, Ned learned two lessons after talking to Sansa and Arya. From his exchange with Sana he realized his oldest daughter is not a kid anymore and from his dialogue with Arya he finally came to get along with Arya's different personality, hence the recruitment of a sword master for her.
633	Ayx	2011-05-02	Just finished watching the episode and just only question I have is "Why?!". "Why Russian for Syrio's accent?"With the sophisticated courtesans, the dueling culture, the pleasure barges slowly floating along the canals, Braavos almost unmistakeably evoke Italy, Venice or such. I mean even the name Syrio is Italian sounding.Italian accent like this would have been perfect. But now every time Syrio speaks I see Borat with a sword. Maybe actor could not do Italian accent? But they can find so many Italian sounding actors for Sopranos.
					
					
							Edited by Ayx, 02 May 2011 - 10:47 PM.
634	iheartseverus	2011-05-02	Just finished watching the episode and just only question I have is "Why?!". "Why Russian for Syrio's accent?"With the sophisticated courtesans, the dueling culture, the pleasure barges slowly floating along the canals, Braavos almost unmistakeably evoke Italy, Venice or such. I mean even the name Syrio is Italian sounding.Italian accent like this would have been perfect. But now every time Syrio speaks I see Borat with a sword. Maybe actor could not do Italian accent? But they can find so many Italian sounding actors for Sopranos.Actually, I think the accent is Greek.  I think I remember hearing that the Syrio actor IS Greek.  Also that he's trained in fencing techniques.  So, Greek seems okay-ish to me, Mediterranian warmish climates and such.
635	unJon	2011-05-02	Loved the episode.  Am not at all bothered by the missing or added stuff that is tweaking some people in this thread.  I like the added depth of JL's character and think it would have been a mistake to not include this just for the hope of having a bigger "reveal" in season 4 or 5 or 6 or whenever we might have gotten it in AFFC seasons.  Also do not think they ruined CL by not making her completely stupid.  And no, I don't think it takes away from Tyrion's skillz.  Next season it will be easy to keep CL not stupid but still have Tyrion outsmart her.
Miss the direwolves.
Unreasonably bothered by Arya fighting right handed.  Anyone else notice she wasn't holding Needle southpaw?
Worried that there are too many disparate story lines for non-book-readers.  Most people will expect them to come together for the finale, but they will not.  /unsure.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
636	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Just finished watching the episode and just only question I have is "Why?!". "Why Russian for Syrio's accent?"With the sophisticated courtesans, the dueling culture, the pleasure barges slowly floating along the canals, Braavos almost unmistakeably evoke Italy, Venice or such. I mean even the name Syrio is Italian sounding.Italian accent like this would have been perfect. But now every time Syrio speaks I see Borat with a sword. Maybe actor could not do Italian accent? But they can find so many Italian sounding actors for Sopranos.The accent is anything but Russian bro and he is supposed to be a sword fight instructor with a unique style which resembles fencing with an Asian sword play touch, both favoring agility and small builds so he is a very good choice.
637	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Loved the episode.  Am not at all bothered by the missing or added stuff that is tweaking some people in this thread.  I like the added depth of JL's character and think it would have been a mistake to not include this just for the hope of having a bigger "reveal" in season 4 or 5 or 6 or whenever we might have gotten it in AFFC seasons.  Also do not think they ruined CL by not making her completely stupid.  And no, I don't think it takes away from Tyrion's skillz.  Next season it will be easy to keep CL not stupid but still have Tyrion outsmart her.Miss the direwolves.Unreasonably bothered by Arya fighting right handed.  Anyone else notice she wasn't holding Needle southpaw?Worried that there are too many disparate story lines for non-book-readers.  Most people will expect them to come together for the finale, but they will not.  /unsure.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />She fought left handed bro.
638	unJon	2011-05-02	She fought left handed bro.For realz?
639	MojoJojo	2011-05-02	Personally I thought he was rather disappointing. Very, very broadly acted with a cartoonish Mario and Luigi accent. I kept wanting him to break out in song about Pizza and Amore, or talk with his hands about what an e-spicy a-meatball he had for lunch. And its not as if they got this guy for his brilliant stage sword acting or his catlike grace. One of my favorite characters in the book, and when he came out I had to face palm through out his first scene.
640	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	For realz?Lol you made me doubtful so I just double checked it, yes she did fight left handed.
641	unJon	2011-05-02	LOL, now I have to re-watch.  Thanks.
642	Eponine	2011-05-02	I didn't feel that the whole was more than the sum of it's parts. There weren't many things that I disliked on their own, but after it was over, I felt unsatisfied, and not in the "I can't wait for next week" way. 
What does lessen my enjoyment is that I don't care for Jon and I'm starting to dislike Dany. I don't care for Jon in the books either, it is known, so that's pretty much the same. I was neutral toward Dany in the books. I didn't find her story all that interesting and much preferred the political intrigue in KL. Now I feel like I inwardly groan every time I see her on screen. I like her supporting characters - Jorah, Viserys, Irri... but she and Drogo are just blah and unreal to me. I was relieved beyond belief that they didn't change things so she'd start lecturing the Dothraki about the mistreatment of the slaves - I was nervous when she stopped the horse that she was going to say something all modern heroine about them. 
Robert continues to be fantastic. 
I don't mind most of the added scenes in principle, but they feel like they last so much longer than the original scenes and give the characters much longer lines. I think that they could be trimmed down while still conveying the same information, and thereby giving the pivotal scenes more time. Littlefinger seemed a bit rushed. I've been fine with the additions that consist of just a few extra lines. The one I did like was Cersei/Joffrey because you can really see how she's clever and broken at the same time and he's become a more complete character whereas in the books I saw him as more of a stock villain. 
It breaks my heart that Renly isn't more handsome and more fantastic. He's one of my favorite characters and I'm not feeling him on the show. 
I didn't recognize Barriston because of how friendly he was toward Jaime, and in the books, he despises Jaime as an oathbreaker.
643	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	LOL, now I have to re-watch.  Thanks.Being left-handed myself and Arya my favorite female character in the books, I'm glad you were wrong /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
644	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	I didn't feel that the whole was more than the sum of it's parts. There weren't many things that I disliked on their own, but after it was over, I felt unsatisfied, and not in the "I can't wait for next week" way. What does lessen my enjoyment is that I don't care for Jon and I'm starting to dislike Dany. I don't care for Jon in the books either, it is known, so that's pretty much the same. I was neutral toward Dany in the books. I didn't find her story all that interesting BLASPHEMY!!!!!!!!
645	Ayx	2011-05-02	They did show Renly as having...certain mannerisms. Hey cyrano, would you mind elaborating on this? I guess my gaydar is not very finely-tuned. I didn't pick up on anything out of the ordinary there.Doh, Renly plays for the other team? I got a little bit of that vibe from Knight of Flowers, but Renly always struck me as a pimp type. GRRM would not imply the two of these guys... I mean?! That would kind of suck
					
					
							Edited by Ayx, 02 May 2011 - 11:47 PM.
646	TrueMetis	2011-05-02	Doh, Renly plays for the other team? I got a little bit of that vibe from Knight of Flowers, but Renly always struck me as a pimp type. GRRM would not imply the two of these guys... I mean?! That would kind of suckYou've missed quite a lot from the books man. Don't feel bad I did to until I came to this board.
647	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-02	Doh, Renly plays for the other team? I got a little bit of that vibe from Knight of Flowers, but Renly always struck me as a pimp type. GRRM would not imply the two of these guys... I mean?! That would kind of suckTHE RAINBOW guard? rings any bells? /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
648	HokieStone	2011-05-02	What is it with this show and refusing to call some of the important characters by name.  First Theon, and now Ser Barristan get to stand there and even talk...but we can't be bothered with their names?!?!
And yeah, let me pile on to the "Where's Ghost?" crowd.  These dogs were such malcontents that they couldn't even be trained to sit in the courtyard while Jon is training?
649	Ayx	2011-05-02	Cat's faith in Littlefinger seemed pretty enthusiastic.  Whoopsie.Littlefinger is so friend-zoned by Cat. I like it how Cat is shown that she's not beyond leading him on a little bit, if it aids her in some way.
650	Ayx	2011-05-03	I really want to enjoy the series but the lack of subtlety really irks me, most notably the back and forth between Ned and Jamie when they first arrive in the city. I guess you can't help the need for exposition, but it still feels awkward. Also why did they go so far out of their way to make Robert seem like such a dick?Yea I feel bad for Robert. He always struck me as kind of a character similar to modern day retired professional boxers, which sacrificed so much in their professional days, to finally let it go and enjoy life after retirement. Example
651	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	I really want to enjoy the series but the lack of subtlety really irks me, most notably the back and forth between Ned and Jamie when they first arrive in the city. I guess you can't help the need for exposition, but it still feels awkward. Also why did they go so far out of their way to make Robert seem like such a dick?I have to disagree on them trying to show Robert as a dickhead. Robert IS a drunkard who does not give a shit about the kingdom. In that scene he was true to type (drunkard bitter king) and true to life- a bitter drunk always picks on those who are weaker than him, so a drunk king is even a greater dickhead. I donno about you but I always saw Robert that way and loved him because he always insulted Lannisters publicly and none of them was immune to his tongue lashing.
652	Ayx	2011-05-03	Ok because it seemed like, "I'm going to walk and stop in a big clearing until Viserys comes through on his horse."I agree this scene was the only one that confused me in the whole episode. Both Dany stopping and walking away, and then Viserys appearing out of nowhere with "Do you want to wake the dragon" line came out of nowhere.The whole idea of the scene would have been handled better, not sure how, but it seemed characters acted without motivation in that scene.
653	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	This will obviously be the third different answer you get but they are riding and talking about slaves and then she watches a slave being beaten just before she tells Jorah to command a halt. I think she's just taking ill to the concept of slavery and needs a break to get away for a little while. She's basically been a slave to Viserys all her life so she can relate and I think they brushed on this in the Behind the Episode video.Edit: Too late. I watched the scene again before posting and I had trouble stopping. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I always thought she felt ill after watching the slave being lashed since her physical tolerance was shrinking due to pregnancy. Have I been over-interpreting this? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
654	smegma	2011-05-03	I totally got why Dany stopped - she wanted to rest the slaves. But her wandering into the willow grass/trees was a bit unclear. Seemed like the director knew what he had in mind, but it wasn't totally conveyed why she walks around. It served its purpose though, and I liked the confrontation.
655	Bronn Stone	2011-05-03	And yeah, let me pile on to the "Where's Ghost?" crowd.  These dogs were such malcontents that they couldn't even be trained to sit in the courtyard while Jon is training?The more I think about it, the more I think that the suggestion previously mentioned in this thread is the truth.  Mayhaps they had an all-white puppy and a bigger dog, but couldn't find a medium sized one.  If the choice was to use a dog that isn't really white or to leave Ghost out for a few episodes, I'd definitely have gone with the latter.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 03 May 2011 - 02:19 AM.
656	brook	2011-05-03	Syrio! That scene was cheesy as hell and I loved it. Then Ned's face as Arya was 'killed' for the last time gave me shivers.
On a superficial note I will be most upset if we don't see lots more Rakharo /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
657	BigFatCoward	2011-05-03	i'm starting to really worry.  i never thought it would be as good as the books, but i hoped it would be at least as good as other HBO shows, and it just isn't.  why have D&D taken some of the most quoteworthy material of all time and replaced it with stuff that george lucas would have been ashamed of?  the dialogue is really really woeful and forced in places.  i think they might have fucked the pooch on this one.
658	Lya Lamora	2011-05-03	Hey cyrano, would you mind elaborating on this? I guess my gaydar is not very finely-tuned. I didn't pick up on anything out of the ordinary there.Maybe I was reading too much into it, but there's a moment with Renly sort of in the background and he brushes back a piece of hair or something- that gesture to me seemed purposely effeminate/delicate. I think Renly has to be played fairly subtle- it's kind of subtle in the books and he's definitely not overtly effeminate. Hopefully there will be more hints in Renly's dress and mannerism as the show progresses.
659	Ellroy	2011-05-03	I know what you mean but I'm one of the opinion that people that just call her mad and stupid are selling her too short and perhaps basing it too much on when she finally loses it. I'm not saying I'm necessarily more right than you, it's just my opinion.I respect opinion and I really do not wanto to sound rude, but opinions cannot falsify the reality of the books. Like, you know, if I would say that Geoffrey was a nice kid with some attitude issues. I'm not selling her short, I'm saying that her strenght was never about cunning. She has that kind of basic instinct for power. She is not that stupid. But she is not even that smart. She is short sighted and has not the common sense, the pragmatism and the patience needed to rule. She is arrogant, self centered and dissolute.And even if she desperately wants to be like her father and seek only his approoval like a little child, she has not what it takes to be the woman she wants to be. She does not understand human relationships and does not feel any kind of empathy to others if not for her sons. She only knows two kind of relationship: to controll and to be controlled. That's the cause of her ultimate downfall. She does not "loose it" out of pure desperation like Cat. Yes, all the deaths do not help but at the end I think that those deaths (especially the Twyn one) only "untapped" her potential. The Cersei of AFfC is the real Cersei imho, free of the bonds that kept her in check in the first books. That's how the book present the issue especially with Tyrion POV.And if that was what you meant by madness, how is the show not showing this? She has sex with her brother and everything else you've mentioned is things that are yet to happen, or things in the past that are revealed in what would be season 4. As for whether or not it's a mental disease, I don't think that's clear either way.It is a mental desease: how else you would describe a girl who armed her little brother in the cradle when unseen, that fucked with her brother since they were small kids and that fucks everything that grants her power and controll if not a mentally deseased person? Cersei is a crazy and "evil scheming bitch".It's the only complete negative charachter of the books. There is no room for redemptions with her. No shades of Grey. While if I never read the book in the TV series she would seem to me like the Lannister version of Cat. And Lena Headey haven't read any of the books and only intends to read the scripts because she thinks that's the best way to go at it.So, I am right to assume that the script upon wich the TV show is based, has changed the nature of Cersei's cahrachter. I don't know if that choiche will help the show or not. As it is I don't like her. Maybe things will change in the course of the series. I do think Cersei is far more human than many give her credit for though. Her drive to do things comes for a big part from very basic human feelings (care for her children and family, feelings of rejection because she's a woman etc). She has plenty of vile sides but we humans aren't exactly the kindest race to grace the Earth.No, I don't believe so. They are only justification that she give to herself. Many women before have suffered the same situation but have acted better. She has no feelings in the human sense: everything is animalistic for her.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 03 May 2011 - 03:10 AM.
660	Ellroy	2011-05-03	I also wanted to point out that I love Headey's portrayal (and D&D's envisioning) of Cersei. Just awesome.I'm not saying that Hadey's acting is bad (I like her). I'm only saying that the Cersei of the TV series is not the Cersei from the book and that I do not like the retcon made by D&D.PS: Instead I'm still not completely convinced by Dany's actress. When I see her in the dothraki's outfit I could not stop it but think about Shakira in the Waka-Waka video /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 03 May 2011 - 03:32 AM.
661	Ran	2011-05-03	The executive producers have definitely been the ones leading the charge in this different spin on Cersei. Headey is working with the direction they've given her. Now, it's possible that her auditions already had something of this interpretation in them, they liked it, and they've written scripts to suit ... but mostly, I think this is a deliberate move on their part, more than just a case of an actress going against direction. She's a colder, more calculating, and more controlled Cersei Lannister than what's presented in the novels.
662	Holymoly	2011-05-03	Regarding all the discussion about Cersei's character, I think you need to bear in mind that the book is set in a fantasy world running parallel with ours. While their world is broadly similar you have the inordinately long seasons and you have the vaguely mythological beasts. At the same time their world is one where incest is not the huge deal it is in our present society, indeed the Targaryen dynasty was based upon it, in the same way of certain societies in our world's past. Therefore I don't see Cersei's predeliction for Jaime as being a symptom of insanity, rather that she truly believes, as does her father, that she would have been the perfect male heir and it is her way of tasting what might have been. She, as Jaime's twin, is even more intimately entwined with this notion than if it had been simply a question of genetics. Cersei's character is one of a scheming, power hungry person ultimately frustrated by her sex. Consequently she attempts to exert her influence through control of her brother and her son. Unfortunately in the later books even these means are denied to her.
For me Cersei is the central character of the books to date, around whom the story twists and turns. While Cat, through her bad decisions, inadvertantly sends Westeros down dark alleyways, Cersei remains on track until she is let down by others. Tyrion may provide the humour that makes the books popular, it is Cersei's story that provides the core that enables the author to continue writing the series.
663	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	Ellroy:
I'll just suffice with again note that we see it differently (although I think you take your opinions a bit too much as fact). All in all I'm glad that I don't interpret it like you since I think you're describing a flatter and less interesting person than I think Martin wrote.
664	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	Great
-	Addy as Robert. Brilliant charismatic performance so far. The best actor in the show.
-	Bean as Ned is also awesome. What an actor! Gives depth to the character.
-	Arya!
-	Bran! This little guy is brilliant! He should have as much praise as Maise Williams in my opinion.
-	I admit I was a bit skeptic when they announced who would play Syrio, but I have come around, to say the least. F***g great performance, and I think the character interpretation is spot on.
-	Ian Glenn. Makes the dothraki scenes more bearable. Almost to the point that I can put away the pillow I try to smother myself with every time the camera turns to the east.
-	Varys. Spot on. 
-	Petyr. Pretty much spot on.
-	Pycelle. Great.
-	Joff is brilliant in my opinion, looks exactly like the Joffrey in my head.
-	Sansa. I think she will get the opportunity to shine like Arya down the line. She has not been put to the test acting wise yet, I think. But I am confident she will handle it just fine.
-	Yoren. Not the way I pictured him, but he did great.
-       The lovely settings.
-       Cat. She gives a solid performance. I really like her Catelyn, which is something of an achievement, considering the fact that I loath book-Cat.
Not so great
-	Lena Headey is a really good actress, on par with Addy and Bean, but I do not like her interpretation of Cersei.  Her acting seems really out of character.
-	Jaime. No need to go soft on us yet Jaime! You will redeem yourself later on. Not now! Other than that, Coster- Waldau is ok.
-	Emilia Clark. Her appearance on the screen makes me cringe. Woman, someone should tell you about the dangers of weasels. There is no need to have your mouth open f****g  24-7, unless you have caught the cold of the century, and you are unable to breath through your nose!! And basically, that is all she does, stares dreamily into the distant, mouth open. She is posing, not acting. Yeesh! 
-	Is Jon going Hodor? He seems a bit.... slow? 
-	The direwolfs, or rather their absence. Why? Did the production forget to lease the dogs for more than 4 hours? And when they realized their mistake they thought to conceal it throughout the episode with boobs, a la HBO? Standard procedure at HBO- If you fill the show with boobs no one will notice the fuck up.
-	Slap stick-Viserys.
-	The hair styles. What`s with Neds and Benjens Streisand look? And Lancel looks like the fucking red riding hood! Send the hairdresser responsible to the wall! NOW!
-	I am not overwhelmed by Dinklage. His accent is a bit annoying and at times I think he goes over the top with his acting. I am hoping he will improve his performance, as I think he really is an actor with great acting potential.
					
					
							Edited by Orell, 03 May 2011 - 05:49 AM.
665	Ran	2011-05-03	Already dealt with ad infinitum, but one more time: the short training periods, and the fact that the breed is not the most trainable, plus a tight production schedule, meant that the dogs could not be used as much as they would have liked. They tried. But when it takes 10+ takes and 3 hours to shoot Lady's death because the dog kept pulling away... well, it was just prohibitive. 
There's no one to blame. Excellent, experienced trainers, nice (and numerous) dogs, and more. It's just that what George writes was simply not possible to do.
Next season, the wolves will likely be CG. That introduces its own problems, and additional costs, which may mean limited screen time again. But at least they'll do what they're told.
666	Cyclone49	2011-05-03	Hmm... mixed feelings about this one. I appreciated the slower, less frantic pace, and the extra background given on the world in general, but I couldn't help thinking it just felt like a jumble of different scenes with no real structure to it. Hopefully, now that most of the initial exposition and character introductions are out of the way, it'll be able to properly get into the swing of things next week.
The King's Landing stuff was all very good (can't wait to see more of Littlefinger and Varys), didn't really like the way Jon and Dany's stories were rushed through (and there's still barely any sign of Ghost!), but didn't have any major complaints there either. Dany's arc thankfully was given a bit more focus and depth then last week, though I'm disappointed at how little we've seen of Viserys the last few episodes. I liked all the little bits of foreshadowing of later events too. 
	Spoiler Ned and Catelyn's farewell in particular is really tragic when you realize this is the last time they will ever see each other.

Good overall, but it just felt like something was missing.
Oh, and Syrio was awesome.
667	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	Next season, the wolves will likely be CG. That introduces its own problems, and additional costs, which may mean limited screen time again. But at least they'll do what they're told. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Yes, I really hope that they can afford good quality CG for the wolves since furry creatures are not easy to get right. Then again I suppose a lot of how well that works will lie with the individual viewer. Picky viewers will probably find plenty to complain about while viewers that try to immerse themselves will probably enjoy it as such viewers can find entertainment in things like the final scenes of The Terminator.As for the wolves doing what they are told, seeing some comments around the show here I'm not 100% ruling out the risk of running into CG workers that are fanatical ASOAIF fans that refuse to produce anything that's not exactly from the book. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
668	Greywolf2375	2011-05-03	Already dealt with ad infinitum, but one more time: the short training periods, and the fact that the breed is not the most trainable, plus a tight production schedule, meant that the dogs could not be used as much as they would have liked. They tried. But when it takes 10+ takes and 3 hours to shoot Lady's death because the dog kept pulling away... well, it was just prohibitive. Just for ease, I think I might sig this...Finally got around to watching the Making of and one thing really popped out at me - not sure if this is the right thread, but it is show related.Over the years we've had dozens of threads regarding Cat & Jon and how she does/doesn't hate him.  While not universal, the general consensus has been that she does not hate him, she distrusts him and does not like what he represents.  From the interview with Harrington, there's no mistaking his take on their relationship - she hates him.One of the the overriding themes throughout is the greyness of characters, by making that decision for the viewers it seems like they are pushing Cat v Jon rather than Cat v Ned in the decision to house him at Winterfell.
669	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	Yes, I really hope that they can afford good quality CG for the wolves since furry creatures are not easy to get right. Then again I suppose a lot of how well that works will lie with the individual viewer. Picky viewers will probably find plenty to complain about while viewers that try to immerse themselves will probably enjoy it as such viewers can find entertainment in things like the final scenes of The Terminator.As for the wolves doing what they are told, seeing some comments around the show here I'm not 100% ruling out the risk of running into CG workers that are fanatical ASOAIF fans that refuse to produce anything that's not exactly from the book. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Get Andy Serkis to be the wolves and Weta digital to do the CGI, a la King Kong, and it'll be fine.I'm not much liking how Drogo is coming across. There's really nothing about him so far (other than the length of his braid) that really demonstrates his qualities at a great Khal and leader of his Khalasaar. And the only time we see Dany and Drogo together is in bed, so where's the relationship development here? He's had 1 line of dialogue since episode 1. Pathetic. I hope it's just been all part of the giving people the sense of strangeness Dany would have felt early on, and now that Dany and Drogo have a closer relationship and Dany is feeling more like a Khaleesi we see more going on between these 2 characters.Edit: on second thought just get an extremely well trained dog (size doesn't really matter) to do live action motion capture and just scale up to direwolf size in CGI. At least then the biomechanics will be spot on.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 03 May 2011 - 07:14 AM.
670	Balefont	2011-05-03	I also wanted to point out that I love Headey's portrayal (and D&D's envisioning) of Cersei. Just awesome.+1,000,000,000I think that is a more complicated role to pull off with the right balance and I'm quite pleased with her performance. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
671	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	One of the the overriding themes throughout is the greyness of characters, by making that decision for the viewers it seems like they are pushing Cat v Jon rather than Cat v Ned in the decision to house him at Winterfell.I actually think they showed the real reason for Cat's dislike of Jon in the second episode. She tells him to leave when he's saying goodbye to Bran and then the scene's focus switches to her being upset about that Ned rode off 17 years ago and came back with another woman's son, and that he's riding off again. I think it's telling the real motivation behind it in a subtle but fairly clear way.
672	johnnysd	2011-05-03	Personally I thought he was rather disappointing. Very, very broadly acted with a cartoonish Mario and Luigi accent. I kept wanting him to break out in song about Pizza and Amore, or talk with his hands about what an e-spicy a-meatball he had for lunch. And its not as if they got this guy for his brilliant stage sword acting or his catlike grace. One of my favorite characters in the book, and when he came out I had to face palm through out his first scene.I thought he was absolutely perfect and almost exactly how I pictured him.
673	MinDonner	2011-05-03	So, was it just me who nearly fell off their chair laughing when Lancel first appeared? No complaints with the casting or the script, but the spectre of FUCKING. LIKE DOGS! was just too damn amusing.Love the way Sean Bean plays Ned's zero tolerance for bullshit. First his look at the guy suggesting he get changed, then reacting to (what he saw as) Littlefinger's joke about Cat being in a brothel - not an ounce of artifice or polite dissembling, it's clear that none of that stuff even occurs to him.Didn't spot the Rhaegar/Robert/Red Fork battle tapestry(?) either, that's gonna need a(nother) rewatch.And Barristan... how do you reckon they'll handle the Surprise! moment when he gets recognised by Jorah later on? Cos all the viewers are just going to be going "hey, it's that guy from Season 1!" One of those things that's easy to do on the page, not so much on the screen. And looking further ahead, if we ever get to Season 4/5 (combined AFFC/ADWD cos of the concurrent timelines?), there's not going to be a many-year mystery about Brienne's magic word... /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />To whoever it was complaining about Jaime's character conflict being revealed too early, that's likely an inevitable sacrifice with the loss of the limited POV structure. We can't just see his character through Ned's eyes, so a lot of these late-reveals are going to be lost in the interests of having non-cartoony characters from the start.
674	TheEvilKing	2011-05-03	Who were the guards who met Catelyn in Kings Landing?
Gold cloaks? Littlefinger's henchmen? White Walkers?
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 03 May 2011 - 04:42 PM.
							
								edited question in from original thread before merging
675	TheEvilKing	2011-05-03	And Barristan... how do you reckon they'll handle the Surprise! moment when he gets recognised by Jorah later on? Cos all the viewers are just going to be going "hey, it's that guy from Season 1!" One of those things that's easy to do on the page, not so much on the screen. And looking further ahead, if we ever get to Season 4/5 (combined AFFC/ADWD cos of the concurrent timelines?), there's not going to be a many-year mystery about Brienne's magic word... /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I don't think they'll insult the viewers by trying to trick us. We'll know who he is, Dany won't, Jorah will have his suspicions.
676	Manakhkubar	2011-05-03	And Barristan... how do you reckon they'll handle the Surprise! moment when he gets recognised by Jorah later on? Cos all the viewers are just going to be going "hey, it's that guy from Season 1!" One of those things that's easy to do on the page, not so much on the screen.Well, Martin didn't actually try to be very secretive about Selmy there. I'm usually very slow-witted with this kind of stuff, but I remember vividly how I read his name as "Ar(i)stan the Old" as soon as he opened his mouth.
677	Axon	2011-05-03	Arya and Syrio was the bomb. Damn I wish that dude were still alive. (yeah yeah I know he's JQ, he lived blah blah blah)
678	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-03	i'm starting to really worry.  i never thought it would be as good as the books, but i hoped it would be at least as good as other HBO shows, and it just isn't.  why have D&D taken some of the most quoteworthy material of all time and replaced it with stuff that george lucas would have been ashamed of?  the dialogue is really really woeful and forced in places.  i think they might have fucked the pooch on this one.You should blame David Benioff and D. B. Weiss if you don't like the dialogue, they wrote the first three episodes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The next episode was written by Bryan Cogman. I personally look forward to episode 8 (The Pointy End), which was written by George R.R. Martin himself. This episode was directed by Daniel Minahan, who has also directed several episodes of True Blood, Grey's Anatomy and Deadwood (in movie theory, the director's role as an auteur has been elevated for many decades -- that's one of the reasons why the director's name is often used in marketing -- but in television, this role is instead often associated with the screenwriters or showrunners).
679	Aoife	2011-05-03	Littlefinger is so friend-zoned by Cat. I like it how Cat is shown that she's not beyond leading him on a little bit, if it aids her in some way.She called him her little brother right in front of him (and you can sort of see a reaction from him in the background, too). That's not exactly "leading him on".
680	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-03	You should blame David Benioff and D. B. Weiss if you don't like the dialogue, they wrote the first three episodes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The next episode was written by Bryan Cogman. I personally look forward to episode 8 (The Pointy End), which was written by George R.R. Martin himself. This episode was directed by Daniel Minahan, who has also directed several episodes of True Blood, Grey's Anatomy and Deadwood (in movie theory, the director's role as an auteur has been elevated for many decades -- that's one of the reasons why the director's name is often used in marketing -- but in television, this role is instead often associated with the screenwriters or showrunners).There's also quite often a Producing Director who helms more episodes than any others and acts as a kind of controller over the "guest" directors.  Many times there is a lot of crossover in positions, especially in HBO's short season serieses.  Not so much the screenwriters, just the showrunner in your example.  He's the head writer and is usually one of the exec producers and creator(s).  He guides the storylines for what the staff writers are working on and the Producing Director guides the onscreen application of that.  There's also input from network execs and however many other producers (I've worked on TV shows with more than 13 producers listed) so the idea of an auteur is way gone in a corporate miasma of group think.
681	Xenophon	2011-05-03	A willow field in Northern Ireland, apparently. http://www.makinggam...her-at-sea.htmlI don't know if that applies to the close scene with Viserys as well as the wider shots, but I'm guessing yes? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Very cool.  I would not have guessed those were willows-they looked almost like bamboo. Thanks for the info!
682	Cereal Forel	2011-05-03	i'm starting to really worry.  i never thought it would be as good as the books, but i hoped it would be at least as good as other HBO shows, and it just isn't.  why have D&D taken some of the most quoteworthy material of all time and replaced it with stuff that george lucas would have been ashamed of?  the dialogue is really really woeful and forced in places.  i think they might have fucked the pooch on this one.Are you watching the same show as the rest of us?
683	Greywolf2375	2011-05-03	So, was it just me who nearly fell off their chair laughing when Lancel first appeared? No complaints with the casting or the script, but the spectre of FUCKING. LIKE DOGS! was just too damn amusing.And Barristan... how do you reckon they'll handle the Surprise! moment when he gets recognised by Jorah later on? Cos all the viewers are just going to be going "hey, it's that guy from Season 1!" One of those things that's easy to do on the page, not so much on the screen. And looking further ahead, if we ever get to Season 4/5 (combined AFFC/ADWD cos of the concurrent timelines?), there's not going to be a many-year mystery about Brienne's magic word... /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />well, I was laughing at Lancel for a different reason - he looked ridiculous.For Barristan - I figure they are going to age up his face some and have his hair/beard significantly longer/changed in color.
684	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-05-03	The Cersei in the show is a much more formidable enemy than the Cersei in the books.  Which creates 2 problems, it will make both the killing of Ned scene where she's caught by surprise and could not stop it harder to believe and it will make the season 2 where Tyrion runs laps around her harder to believe.
I actually they are going to make her give the order to kill Ned. I don't know how they'll have to change books 2 to make this Cersei fit.
685	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-03	There is now a thread devoted to discussing Cersei's transformation in the show.
686	Xenophon	2011-05-03	The Cersei in the show is a much more formidable enemy than the Cersei in the books.  Which creates 2 problems, it will make both the killing of Ned scene where she's caught by surprise and could not stop it harder to believe and it will make the season 2 where Tyrion runs laps around her harder to believe.I actually they are going to make her give the order to kill Ned. I don't know how they'll have to change books 2 to make this Cersei fit.Re. Cersei later being caught by surprise and unable to stop Ned's execution, the scene with Joffrey in this episode established that 1) she's setting Joffrey up to think that his word is law, and 2) she has to really struggle to get him to realize the limits of his royal power. IMO, this scene sets up a situation where her son gets out of her control as soon as he's on the throne.  She's barely able to reign in the little twerp now, imagine how uncontrollable he'll be once he has some real power.
687	Songstress	2011-05-03	. And looking further ahead, if we ever get to Season 4/5 (combined AFFC/ADWD cos of the concurrent timelines?), there's not going to be a many-year mystery about Brienne's magic word... /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Nah... but what do you want to bet that they'll use it as a cliffhanger for the end of an episode, and cut the scene just as she opens her mouth to speak?   Viewers will only have a week to wait for the answer instead of 6 years, thankfully.
688	Eponine	2011-05-03	Why is it a problem that Lancel looks ridiculous? I thought he was supposed to be kind of foppish, not too bright, doing a poor job of imitating Jaime. Cersei had an "ugh, I cannot believe I'm sleeping with this guy" attitude toward him, so it makes sense that since he's not described as all that ugly, there's probably something ridiculous about him.
689	theMountainGoat	2011-05-03	I absolutely loved the scene between Tyrion, Yoren and Benjen. I'm going to go ahead and call it my favourite added scene of the series so far. Good stuff!
Same complaints this week as every episode so far: 1. Lack of character names used in places where they would have felt naturally in place and let the viewer know who in the seven hells these people are. 2. Lack of direwolves - I know, I know, difficult to train, too late to do anything about it now. But it does stand out as a weak point of the series so far.
I think I would have preferred to have the Tyrion/Alliser Thorne crabsticks scene rather than the Robert talking with Barristan and Jaime added scene. It just dragged too much and did not do enough to introduce Barristan or the Kingsguard for me. Felt too much like fan service to be honest.
My nitpick of the week - surely Robert would have had the opportunity to kill someone at the Battle of Gulltown a month or so before the Battle of Summerhall. Of course he may have stayed out of the fighting there, we have so little details about it to know anything for sure, just saying though /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Miltos and Maisie totally rocked their scene at the end of the episode and I can't wait to see more of that next week. BTW according to Miltos Yerelemou's CV and biography he can do just about any accent going, let me assure you it is a long list. He is a very versatile and talented actor. Just so.
Why would I be looking at his CV you ask? I couldn't possibly say..... :whistles-innocently:
690	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-03	There's also input from network execs and however many other producers (I've worked on TV shows with more than 13 producers listed) so the idea of an auteur is way gone in a corporate miasma of group think.One of the reasons why the screenwriter and/or showrunner is considered more creatively significant than the director in TV shows is because the director is often more limited (both creatively and authoritatively) than a feature film director. Of course a TV series is a major group effort, but yet there are key persons who are often considered more significant from a creative standpoint than other members of the crew. Some people argue that on a TV show, the showrunner (whose responsibilities aren't 'just' limited to writing and producing) is the only person who can really be seen as an auteur. The showrunners on GoT is David Benioff and David Benioff. It's worth nothing that these filmmakers, just like David Milch (Deadwood), were not involved in any directing duties, which also underlines the smaller significance of the director in TV series, compared to feature films. One could also argue that productions with too many producers or 'decision-makers' (little or no focus on creative control) tend not to do so well from a creative/artistic standpoint.The term auteur shouldn't necessarily be confused with full or absolute creative power, because even feature film directors are rarely 'true' auteurs (directors such as James Cameron and George Lucas -- and even the Coen brothers -- are one of the few exceptions, since they write, direct and produce their own films. The first two directors are also highly influential in the business due to their financial successes). However, auteur theory argues that the director's vision is still (clearly) visible, despite the collaborative efforts and pressure from above in the studio/filmmaking hierarchy. Today, feature film directors are still considered to be the most prominent key figures behind a film (despite efforts to increase the creative importance of screenwriters), and they're also the persons who usually takes the blame or credit if things go right or wrong.
691	legba11	2011-05-03	I think whats being missed in Dany's stopping is she is exercising her power as a queen.  Did she have to take a bio break?  Likely, she is pregnant.  However, she saw the slave being hit.  She didn't like that, but can't do anything about it.  A very normal reaction to people powerless to do something is for them to take action in a way they can.
"I'm the queen (Khaleesi), and I say we stop."
This jives with Viserys getting angry about it (he sees this as an interruption to wherever they are going which eventually lead Drogo to bringing his army to King's Landing).  Viserys senses his power waning as lashes out the only way he knows how.
This is a critical scene for the transfer of power from Viseys to Dany, and continues her growth (which will continue for 3 seasons) as THE true queen (and the one who should be sitting the Iron Throne when all is done).  Last week she grabbed some power from Drogo, this week Viserys.
692	aeu	2011-05-03	"You served him well...when serving was safe".I have to say, I thought that was a horrible line. I generally like the added scenes, actually I generally like them better than the scenes from the books, which are somewhat hit and miss. So, I really liked the talk between Ned and Jaime, but after all the tension and back and forth, Ned says this before walking away??? The punchline should have been much stronger.Maybe I was reading too much into it, but there's a moment with Renly sort of in the background and he brushes back a piece of hair or something- that gesture to me seemed purposely effeminate/delicate. I think Renly has to be played fairly subtle- it's kind of subtle in the books and he's definitely not overtly effeminate. Hopefully there will be more hints in Renly's dress and mannerism as the show progresses.I didn't see this originally, but if you go back and look for it, it seems to be there. The way Renly delivers the line about Robert making fun of counting coppers does seem suggestive. But maybe we are just finding what what we are looking for...
693	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-03	Personally I thought he was rather disappointing. Very, very broadly acted with a cartoonish Mario and Luigi accent. I kept wanting him to break out in song about Pizza and Amore, or talk with his hands about what an e-spicy a-meatball he had for lunch. And its not as if they got this guy for his brilliant stage sword acting or his catlike grace. One of my favorite characters in the book, and when he came out I had to face palm through out his first scene.I can see why some people may be put off by the 'broad' acting and thick accent, but on the other hand, I think the filmmakers wanted to inject a dose of humor into the series. I personally found him amusing, although I hope he won't be that 'colorful' in every scene.
694	Quoth	2011-05-03	I can see why some people may be put off by the 'broad' acting and thick accent, but on the other hand, I think the filmmakers wanted to inject a dose of humor into the series. I personally found him amusing, although I hope he won't be that 'colorful' in every scene.Accent aside, I got a distinct "Inigo Montoya" flavor from him and couldn't stop giggling over it. The scene, lines and actors were awesome. But, maybe it was just me.  Also thought Ned was coming to the conclusion that he's in a very dangerous place surronded by enemies awfully quick. Compressed for the TV series, I guess? I don't recall getting that speed from the books.
695	aeu	2011-05-03	Why is it a problem that Lancel looks ridiculous? I thought he was supposed to be kind of foppish, not too bright, doing a poor job of imitating Jaime. Cersei had an "ugh, I cannot believe I'm sleeping with this guy" attitude toward him, so it makes sense that since he's not described as all that ugly, there's probably something ridiculous about him.I never got the impression that Lancel was ridiculous in the books. IIRC, he handles himself real well at the end of AFFC and afterwards. If anything, he is somewhat decent and possibly quite capable in my mind. Unfortunately, he is the younger cousin to a pair of rock stars, so there is some hero-worship going on there. I don't really blame him too much for being completely in awe of Cercei + Jaime and imitating / doing whatever it takes to please them. I also didn't think Cercei was dreading sleeping with him. She didn't really need to sleep with Lancel to control him, she already has that power. I thought Lancel was an acceptable substitute for Jaime. Of course a much poorer version, but not because Lancel is ridiculous, but rather because anyone would pale in comparison to Jaime.
696	Isabella Stark	2011-05-03	Not that it is super important, but how many people would realize that Jorah Mormont is the son of the commander of the Nights Watch?I didn't catch on to that the first time I read GOT.  Didn't impair my understanding and enjoyment.
697	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	I never got the impression that Lancel was ridiculous in the books. IIRC, he handles himself real well at the end of AFFC and afterwards. If anything, he is somewhat decent and possibly quite capable in my mind. Unfortunately, he is the younger cousin to a pair of rock stars, so there is some hero-worship going on there. I don't really blame him too much for being completely in awe of Cercei + Jaime and imitating / doing whatever it takes to please them. I also didn't think Cercei was dreading sleeping with him. She didn't really need to sleep with Lancel to control him, she already has that power. I thought Lancel was an acceptable substitute for Jaime. Of course a much poorer version, but not because Lancel is ridiculous, but rather because anyone would pale in comparison to Jaime.This isn't the end of AFFC though. This is even before ACOK where Tyrion scares the crap out of what he in his mind realizes was little more than an insecure teenager trying to play the adult. He's just a teenage squire with not too much say in anything. And that he seems afraid of Robert, I would assume that most people fear an angry king, not least if they happen to be his young squire (which means double responsibility to do everything as Robert commands without screwing up).
698	Maltaran	2011-05-03	So, was it just me who nearly fell off their chair laughing when Lancel first appeared? No complaints with the casting or the script, but the spectre of FUCKING. LIKE DOGS! was just too damn amusing.I was laughing at his silly hat, to be honest.
699	Cereal Forel	2011-05-03	I never got the impression that Lancel was ridiculous in the books. IIRC, he handles himself real well at the end of AFFC and afterwards. If anything, he is somewhat decent and possibly quite capable in my mind. By forsaking his lands and duties, not to mention not sleeping with his wife, in order to go serve an imaginary god as a knight? Yeah he's handled himself superbly. The only thing the show Lancel is missing is his peach fuzz.
700	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	>>>>Ran
Ok. Well I missed that. Gonna be Interesting to see how the CGI thing works out later on. 
 >>>>Tywins bastard
I know it is virtually impossible to do a to <U+0096>the- letter adaptation of the book, for obvious reasons. And I had my doubts as to whether HBO (or any other channel) would be able to even make a decent TV-series out of a reasonably complex material, filled with characters and numerous plotlines.  And this without making the pacing feel overly rushed and downright unnatural.  
So far they have (in my opinion) largely succeeded in making a quite OK TV-series. It is going in the right direction, I think, as far as pacing goes. While the first episode felt very rushed, the second and the third episodes were better.
The acting is ranging from pretty awful (Dany, Viserys, random dothraki) to really good (Ned, Robert and to some extent Cersei, although her Cersei seems a bit off the mark).
 So far it is not Xena, but it is hardly Deadwood either.
I may be a nitpick, but honestly, it would be weird if I did not have some qualms about an adaption of a story that has had a pretty powerful presence in my life for the past ten years or so.  I ferociously defend my right to be a nitpick about this, damn it. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> 
>>>>Eponine
HBO-Lancel looks more like a caricature version of the book-Lancel I think. I mean, I hardly believe Tywin or Kevan would allow him to look like a clown. And I do not think he can really be said to look like a Jaime-wannabe either.
701	aeu	2011-05-03	By forsaking his lands and duties, not to mention not sleeping with his wife, in order to go serve an imaginary god as a knight? Yeah he's handled himself superbly. You mean the imaginary God that reanimated him?Even if we forget about that bit and assume his convertion had no valid reason so what? He found religion, decided to do what he thinks his religion requires. He is willing to make a huge sacrifice. I don't see how this is a point against him.
702	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-03	You mean the imaginary God that reanimated him?Even if we forget about that bit and assume his convertion had no valid reason so what? He found religion, decided to do what he thinks his religion requires. He is willing to make a huge sacrifice. I don't see how this is a point against him.Especially in the midst of widespread devastation and misery among the noble houses and the common people alike.  Multitudes go crazy for piety and gods in times like that.
703	Brewmaster	2011-05-03	I'm not much liking how Drogo is coming across. There's really nothing about him so far (other than the length of his braid) that really demonstrates his qualities at a great Khal and leader of his Khalasaar. And the only time we see Dany and Drogo together is in bed, so where's the relationship development here? He's had 1 line of dialogue since episode 1. Pathetic. I hope it's just been all part of the giving people the sense of strangeness Dany would have felt early on, and now that Dany and Drogo have a closer relationship and Dany is feeling more like a Khaleesi we see more going on between these 2 characters.Not sure how this is much different than the book. What do we see that Makes Drogo a great Khal? He's pretty quiet in the book and, until quite a ways into it, he isn't with Dany other than when they are fucking. Just like the show, Dany spends most her time with Jorah on the road. Drogo doesn't speak that much in the book, either. He'll crown Viserys soon. Then in the book he has a talkative (for him) stretch once they name the child the stallion who will mount the world. Then they'll take the village with the maegi and that's about all the Drogo action in the book.
704	Brewmaster	2011-05-03	>>>>EponineHBO-Lancel looks more like a caricature version of the book-Lancel I think. I mean, I hardly believe Tywin or Kevan would allow him to look like a clown. And I do not think he can really be said to look like a Jaime-wannabe either.Lancel was supposed to look pretty ridiculous in the book. Based on what we are told, there's no reason to think that Tywin or Kevan would have cared much what he looked like, or had much hope for him to be much of anything. Of course we are just getting other's POV's, but not a single POV that encounters him thinks he is anything other than pathetic. And in GOT he's still a year away from barely being able to grow a peach fuzz mustache. Tyrion, Robert and Cersei all mock him to his face. Ned thinks of him as an incompetent squire.
705	Xenophon	2011-05-03	i'm starting to really worry.  i never thought it would be as good as the books, but i hoped it would be at least as good as other HBO shows, and it just isn't.  why have D&D taken some of the most quoteworthy material of all time and replaced it with stuff that george lucas would have been ashamed of?  the dialogue is really really woeful and forced in places.  i think they might have fucked the pooch on this one.Lucas-esque?  That's a low blow, man.  I don't agree that the dialogue has been forced, but I do sort of see bigfatcoward's point, insofar as there haven't been that many really memorable lines in the show so far.  The only line that really got a reaction out of my wife (who's never read the books) was Tyrion's "All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes".  Classic GRRM, and I don't know why they haven't used more of his pithy dialogue.  In that scene, for example, I get why they cut out the back-and-forth about Tyrion and Jon's mothers, but why not end the scene with Tyrion's great line "All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs"? I have to say, I thought that was a horrible line. I generally like the added scenes, actually I generally like them better than the scenes from the books, which are somewhat hit and miss. So, I really liked the talk between Ned and Jaime, but after all the tension and back and forth, Ned says this before walking away??? The punchline should have been much stronger.(this is re. You served when service was safe.)  Hmm.  See that was a line I actually liked.  On the one hand, it was a pretty crushing remark, since Ned basically called Jaime a coward, but at the same time it didn't completely cross the line.  So I thought it was perfect for the situation in the throne room where the two have to be at least superficially polite to each other.I didn't see this originally, but if you go back and look for it, it seems to be there. The way Renly delivers the line about Robert making fun of counting coppers does seem suggestive. But maybe we are just finding what what we are looking for...I think it's the latter.  Littlefinger, Varys, and Renly are all acting in a weird/courtly way in that scene.  I don't think there's anything particularly gay about Renly there.  They're all just being very mannered and sophisticated in a way that completely clashes with Ned's personality.
706	Ellroy	2011-05-03	Ellroy:I'll just suffice with again note that we see it differently (although I think you take your opinions a bit too much as fact). All in all I'm glad that I don't interpret it like you since I think you're describing a flatter and less interesting person than I think Martin wrote.I'm sorry if I sounded rude or arrogant. It wasn't my intention: it's just passion for the charachters of the book and my hate for Cersei. I respect your view and in the future I'll try not to press my opinions as facts.
707	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-03	I'm sorry if I sounded rude or arrogant. It wasn't my intention: it's just passion for the charachters of the book and my hate for Cersei. I respect your view and in the future I'll try not to press my opinions as facts.No worries, I didn't take it as a big thing. It's always interesting to see how people interpret things differently.
708	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	>>>>Brewmaster
I have a really hard time understanding why any Lannister, especially Tywin, would accept that Lancel LOOK like a fucking twerp. As far as the way Lancel is BEHAVING in Game of Thrones, I do not think there is much for any Lannister to be upset about. This far I should add.
I am not talking about Lancels reputation. I am talking about the way he is being portrayed in the TV-series looks wise.
To be blunt,  having Lancel look like that in the show (hairstyle, and fucking hat or whatever it is they have placed on his head), is like having Ned strolling around in a fucking cowboy hat,  or Sansa being adamant on wearing a pink eyepatch. I think even Hodor would question this. 
I don<U+0092>t have the books at hand at the moment, but if I remember correctly the only physical trait Lancel is reported to have that can be seen as ridiculous is his peach fuss of a mustache. I do not remember any one musing about Lancels funny circus hat.
					
					
							Edited by Orell, 03 May 2011 - 02:05 PM.
709	amore	2011-05-03	Another really good episode and probably the best so far! 
Loved Syrio.  He didn't look anything like I imagined (or how he was described in the book) but the actor nailed the feel of the role and the chemistry with Arya was very good.
Arya, Robert and Tyrion performances are continuing to impress and none of the other actors have let themselves down, although the jury is out on Renly for me.  He didn't ooze charisma in the way I would have expected.
A couple of comments though, I haven't read all 19 pages of this thread though so I apologise if I am repeating anything.
1. Cersei/Joffrey scene.  Joffrey's suggestion regarding standing armies was total genius, revolutionary even.  The Swedish King Gustavus Adolphus made the transition from a Feudal to Standing army in the 1600's and totally revolutionised warfare to the extent that Sweden for a time became the strongest military country in europe and the rest of europe had to make the same change in order to be able to compete with them.  Napoleon and Wellington both referred to him as influencing them tactically and he was known by many as the Father of Modern Warfare.
So my point - why did the writers decide to give him such a brilliant idea (which would have been well ahead of its time) and thereby portray him as a military genius in the making, which is in total contrast to his portrail in the books?  What are they hoping to achieve by this?  Anyone got any thoughts because I haven't come up with a theory that makes sense to me yet.
2.  I always envisioned King's Landing as looking like a typical central european city in a temperate climate and instead it was very very mediterannean.  I lost a certain amount of focus on some scenes because I was too busy being surprised by the appearance of palm trees, villas and dusty looking streets when I expected oaks, gothic castles and muddy lanes.
Can anyone point me in the direction of a quote or passage in the books which describes Kings Landing, so that I can put my mind at rest about whether I have completely lost the plot?  Or alternatively that I was right and the writers have changed it? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
710	Xenophon	2011-05-03	What is with the hate for Lancel's hat?  It looks vaguely medieval in a fantasy sort of way.  As for the argument that it is inherently ridiculous, these guys are some serious bad-asses, who were man enough to wear a silly hat.  So my point - why did the writers decide to give him such a brilliant idea (which would have been well ahead of its time) and thereby portray him as a military genius in the making, which is in total contrast to his portrail in the books?  What are they hoping to achieve by this?  Anyone got any thoughts because I haven't come up with a theory that makes sense to me yet.There's a thread on it in the general forum.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 03 May 2011 - 02:19 PM.
711	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	What is with the hate for Lancel's hat?  It looks vaguely medieval in a fantasy sort of way.There's a thread on it in the general forum.I don<U+0092>t know.  My hat hatred is probably both irrational and totally unjustified in this case. But nonetheless I think it looks really ridiculous. It hits a nerve with me is all.
712	Xenophon	2011-05-03	I don<U+0092>t know.  My hat hatred is probably both irrational and totally unjustified in this case. But nonetheless I think it looks really ridiculous. It hits a nerve with me is all.Fair enough.  You certainly aren't alone, it seems.
713	Brewmaster	2011-05-03	To be blunt,  having Lancel look like that in the show (hairstyle, and fucking hat or whatever it is they have placed on his head), is like having Ned strolling around in a fucking cowboy hat,  or Sansa being adamant on wearing a pink eyepatch. I think even Hodor would question this. He's a squire. Its not like he chooses what he wearsLook up pictures of medieval squires, or royal squires. Their hats don't look very menacing.
714	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	He's a squire. Its not like he chooses what he wearsLook up pictures of medieval squires, or royal squires. Their hats don't look very menacing.My main point is the fact that he is fitted with the hat in the TV-series. Plain and simple: I find it looking laughable.  A silly observation on a silly detail. No doubt you are right about what the typical medieval squire would look like. I don<U+0092>t claim to be an expert on the subject.
715	smegma	2011-05-03	I think that hat serves a few purposes - 
 - it makes Lancel easily recognizable as a squire, so even someone completely unfamiliar with the books or fantasy can make the connection and understand why he is there - he's not a servant, or a high-ranking official, yet his dress signifies him as someone of relative importance (not a peasant, etc).
- it helps distinguish him. Lancel will play a key role in Robert's death. This helps him be not just another blonde dude. He's a blonde Lannister with a silly hat
- it makes him look a bit silly, and young, so we will understand how easily he was manipulated by Cersei to do the deed
716	Brewmaster	2011-05-03	- it makes him look a bit silly, and young, so we will understand how easily he was manipulated by Cersei to do the deedAlso he will be made a knight by Cersei a little later. It will be interesting to see how he changes his look for next season to try and look more adult. The peach fuzz stache was what he went for in the book. They may try something else in the show. Cutting his hair, or something.
717	Lord Wyman Manderly	2011-05-03	I think that hat serves a few purposes -  - it makes Lancel easily recognizable as a squire, so even someone completely unfamiliar with the books or fantasy can make the connection and understand why he is there - he's not a servant, or a high-ranking official, yet his dress signifies him as someone of relative importance (not a peasant, etc).- it helps distinguish him. Lancel will play a key role in Robert's death. This helps him be not just another blonde dude. He's a blonde Lannister with a silly hat- it makes him look a bit silly, and young, so we will understand how easily he was manipulated by Cersei to do the deedYes, you are probably right. It makes sense. It does not make the hat less annoying though.....
718	Cereal Forel	2011-05-03	Even if we forget about that bit and assume his convertion had no valid reason so what? He found religion, decided to do what he thinks his religion requires. He is willing to make a huge sacrifice. I don't see how this is a point against him.I think voicing my opinion would probably offend you so I'll refrain.
719	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-03	His hat was ridiculous.
As ridiculous as Ilyn Payne.
720	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2011-05-03	His hat was ridiculous.As ridiculous as Ilyn Payne.I admit I did not recognize him till the Hound talked about his tongue :/ I was like who fuck does this farmer think he is staring down a Stark!
721	snake	2011-05-03	Late to the discussion as usual.Ok episode.  IMO, the worst thus far.Dislikes: - The scene with Robert, the Kingslayer and Ser Barriston.  Just felt wrong to me. - Littlefinger.  I don't like the actor who's playing him.  He's nothing near what I thought Petyr should be. - The Imp educating Jon at the Wall.  I realize the need to cut down on characters but still put me off. - Maester Aemon.  Terrible casting and horrible writing.  Not one thing remotely close to what it should be.Likes: - The Imp and Yoren scene.  First time that I felt Dinklage caught the essence of the Imp. - The Dothraki scenes are getting much better. - Syrio Forel and Arya.  Done extremely well. - The Joffery actor is nailing the part. - Sean Bean. - Michelle Fairley. - The actors playing the kids are doing well.Looking forward to next week.
					
					
							Edited by snake, 03 May 2011 - 04:09 PM.
722	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-03	I can understand her reason for being so upset and I won't argue that Ned doesn't know his daughter well enough to know what she'd appreciate or to realise that she's too old for a doll. It's still the sentiment that counted for me because for his part, he didn't have much of a choice in Lady's death and there wasn't a lot he could do to make up for it. A lot of dads are clueless about an appropriate gift for a child, so I put it down to that... that Ned is one of those dads. Doesn't mean he didn't care for his daughter. And while I understand why Sansa reacted as she did to it, I felt for Ned on seeing the expression on his face. I wonder if Sansa would have felt differently if she had caught that.Sansa is a teenager - they're supposed to feel sorry for themselves and be egotistical - so I've decided to cut her some slack.Mind you, had you asked me unspoiled, I wouldn't have said this. I remember being pissed at and annoyed by Sansa when I first read AGoT. Then I was not in a forgiving mode. I only got to be forgiving after I learned what happened to her. I'll also admit to that if I had been in Ned's shoes, I'd probably not have "gotten" Sansa either, but I would, like him, have "gotten" Arya.
723	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	Not sure how this is much different than the book. What do we see that Makes Drogo a great Khal? He's pretty quiet in the book and, until quite a ways into it, he isn't with Dany other than when they are fucking. Just like the show, Dany spends most her time with Jorah on the road. Drogo doesn't speak that much in the book, either. He'll crown Viserys soon. Then in the book he has a talkative (for him) stretch once they name the child the stallion who will mount the world. Then they'll take the village with the maegi and that's about all the Drogo action in the book.It works fine in the book, because books are a different medium. For TV Drogo comes across like a dimwitted piece of furniture at this point. They should have had a scene by now which at least gives the audience more of a sense of Drogo as a complete person. They shoved in a whole extra scene between Jorah and one of the blood riders talking about the different merits of curved vs. straight blades. They could easily have made that conversation between Jorah and Drogo but had Drogo lead the conversation.Perhaps they'll have Drogo string a few intelligent sentences together in Ep 4 or 5. But they need to get a little bit of momentum going with him to give us a reason to care about what ultimately happens. I'm kinda bored with the Dothraki story arc right now. And I think it was dumb to telegraph Jorah's duplicity so obviously.
724	TerraPrime	2011-05-03	Perhaps they'll have Drogo string a few intelligent sentences together in Ep 4 or 5. But they need to get a little bit of momentum going with him to give us a reason to care about what ultimately happens. I'm kinda bored with the Dothraki story arc right now. And I think it was dumb to telegraph Jorah's duplicity so obviously.I don't think non-readers will pick up on the duplicity yet. It's the dagger in act1, so to speak.
725	Brewmaster	2011-05-03	But they need to get a little bit of momentum going with him to give us a reason to care about what ultimately happens.Maybe, maybe not. I don't think the book gave us all that much reason to care about what happened to Drogo either. The main reason that its a factor is because of Dany's position, not because we care about Drogo. Dany has just become strong and then realizes that her position is very tenuous if Drogo dies. She may be forced to go back to Vaes Dothrak and be a crone, or be killed, and her child killed for sure to get the Stallion who mounts the world out of the picture.Drogo himself, though? meh. As a reader are you ever really rooting for him to conquer the world? Do you really care if he lives or dies? I can't say that I ever did.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 03 May 2011 - 05:16 PM.
726	TerraPrime	2011-05-03	I agree. I care about Drogo only in relation to Dany's position in the Khalasar. The first read-through it wasn't clear that Drogo is just there for the stud-ding, but once you go past book1, that's pretty clear. In a way, Drogo has to die so that Dany can continue her journey, else she'd still be under Drogo's thumb. So not spending a whole lot of time in developing screen-Drogo is okay with me.
727	Kalbear	2011-05-03	I don't think non-readers will pick up on the duplicity yet. It's the dagger in act1, so to speak.Many already have. And his duplicity is found out to us pretty quickly in the books (it's the impetus that causes Ned to resign his Hand), so it's not like it's moving that much forward.
728	Ser Greguh	2011-05-03	Are people forgetting that Jorah's duplicity was revealed very early in the books?  Varys mentions him by name when discussing the intelligence about Dany being preggers.
729	IheartTesla	2011-05-03	Maybe I was reading too much into it, but there's a moment with Renly sort of in the background and he brushes back a piece of hair or something- that gesture to me seemed purposely effeminate/delicate. I think Renly has to be played fairly subtle- it's kind of subtle in the books and he's definitely not overtly effeminate. Hopefully there will be more hints in Renly's dress and mannerism as the show progresses.Mack, this was what I was referring to, although it may be that we are seeing things we want to see. At any rate, I was a bit vague because even though this is a spoiler thread, you need the first three books to get a complete picture of Renly and I don't think everyone in this thread has read all the way to book 3.Anyway, since that horse has bolted a bit, yeah, Renly.
730	TerraPrime	2011-05-03	Hrm. Jaime also ran his hand through his hair. 
I'll have to rewatch the Renly bit to be sure that it was not camp'ed up excessively, but the fact that I didn't really notice it makes me believe that it's not that obvious.
731	vgz	2011-05-03	I was a late reader to the books.  And, I am just finishing with Book 2. However, I find the Jon on the Wall arc so far not too interesting.  As for Tierion giving advice to Jon, I found that somewhat a bit far-fetched for someone of Tierion's station and background.  In fact in the books he seems to come off as very smart but devious and as most Lannister's self-serving.  Someone answered my comment/question regarding whether he was bad, good, evil, smart etc and the answer seemed to be all three.  I now see that that is true.As for the Dany and Drogo arc, I am not too impressed by that either.  In fact in Bk 2, some of the writing seemed to me to be rather (I do not want to say unbelievable, because it is a fantasy), but I have to say it did not "move" me to want to read more.  As for the duplicity of Montmort, I did not catch that (as a non-reader) at the time when it was hinted at his being a spy.  Intested to see where that becomes known to Dany. I always want to read more of Arya.  Hoping she comes upon her wolf and kicks "a*s".Cierci, now that is another character I love to hate.  How can she be so oblivious to how her son treats Sansa and others and if she does see it ignore it?  Then, when it is time for her to send her own daughter to become bethrothed, she sends out almost all the guards she can to keep her safe.  That shows you how really selfish, and yes, not balanced in her mind.  Joeffry says that his mother told him it was not proper to "hit" his bethrothed/wife so what does he do, he has one of his knights do it. Waiting for when all the "evil, crazies" get what's coming to them.  Someone correct me if I am on the wrong track with my comments.  As I said I am new to the books, but still enjoy the TV series.
732	The Cheshire Cat	2011-05-03	Isn't Syrio supposed to talk like Jaquen? "A man sees..." "A man must..." etc.?
733	Ser Greguh	2011-05-03	Isn't Syrio supposed to talk like Jaquen? "A man sees..." "A man must..." etc.?No.
734	Kat	2011-05-03	Thread continued here
735	thorny throne	2011-04-25	I couldn't find it on the HBO website, only on youtube. Looking good, very very good. Especially Cersei and Jaime.
[media]http://www.youtube.c...h?v=IUImCkli8Vs[/media]
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 25 April 2011 - 06:50 AM.
736	TheEvilKing	2011-04-25	Here's the description:Arriving at King<U+0092>s Landing after his long journey, Ned (Sean Bean) is shocked to learn of the Crown<U+0092>s profligacy from his new advisors. At Castle Black, Jon Snow (Kit Harington) impresses Tyrion (Peter Dinklage) at the expense of greener recruits. Suspicious that the Lannisters had a hand in Bran<U+0092>s fall, Catelyn (Michelle Fairley) covertly follows her husband to King<U+0092>s Landing, where she is intercepted by Petyr Baelish (Aidan Gillen), aka <U+0093>Littlefinger,<U+0094> a shrewd longtime ally and brothel owner. Cersei (Lena Headey) and Jaime (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) ponder the implications of Bran<U+0092>s (Isaac Hempstead-Wright) recovery; Arya (Maisie Williams) studies swordsmanship. On the road to Vaes Dothrak, Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) finds herself at odds with Viserys (Harry Lloyd).Can't wait to see Littlefinger.
737	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Littlefinger seems to have been casted perfectly. His lines in the series trailers all gave me shivers ("Not trusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you arrived...") and he looks like a conniving little bastard. Hopefully the acting is as good as how he looks for the role.
738	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	Littlefinger seems to have been casted perfectly. His lines in the series trailers all gave me shivers ("Not trusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you arrived...") and he looks like a conniving little bastard. Hopefully the acting is as good as how he looks for the role.I second that...the first episode was good, the second great - I anticipate each getting better and better.  I am pleased, thus far, with the casting - some of them are perfect.  Littlefinger is one I too am eager to watch unfold...
739	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	I couldn't find it on the HBO website, only on youtube. Looking good, very very good. Especially Cersei and Jaime.[media]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUImCkli8Vs[/media]Truly addictive...  Sunday is too far away...
740	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	I'm eager to see the Dothraki (and Ser Jorah's) response to Viserys's attack on Dany.  That's the scene that really got me interested in the Daenerys storyline and I think it'll do the same those new to the books.
741	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	I'm eager to see the Dothraki (and Ser Jorah's) response to Viserys's attack on Dany.  That's the scene that really got me interested in the Daenerys storyline and I think it'll do the same those new to the books.Yes -- It will be great to see an on-screen portrayal of Viserys realizing he may have made a mistake in putting his sister in a position of power. I am sure he'll be at the back of the line soon when they start travelling again.
742	TheEvilKing	2011-04-25	They have Joff saying "Seize Winterfell" but it appears to be part of a longer sentence to mislead us. Still, I'm wondering about the context.
743	Arataniello	2011-04-25	Arya (Maisie Williams) studies swordsmanship. Looking forward to Syrio Forel!
744	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	I wonder if we're going to see Samwell appear in this episode? I've heard good things about the actor and their interactions in the reviews, so I'm really looking forward to that part.
745	Abaddon	2011-04-25	They have Joff saying "Seize Winterfell" but it appears to be part of a longer sentence to mislead us. Still, I'm wondering about the context.I was wondering about that too.  My guess is that it's what he says after they learn that Catlyn has apprehended Tyrion; and since he's an idiot hothead, that would make sense.
746	To the quick	2011-04-25	Littlefinger seems to have been casted perfectly. His lines in the series trailers all gave me shivers ("Not trusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you arrived...") and he looks like a conniving little bastard. Hopefully the acting is as good as how he looks for the role.Aiden Gillen was exactly the kind of guy I had in mind for Littlefinger, very happy with that casting. Can't wait to see him in action.Preview looks super exciting, can it be next Sunday already? =)
747	Valmy	2011-04-25	Looking forward to meeting all the colorful (so to speak) characters on the wall.
748	Gytha Ogg	2011-04-25	Littlefinger, Varys, Syrio - yep, REALLY looking forward to next weeks episode. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Viserys is looking suitably batshit insane in that preview, I approve.
					
					
							Edited by Gytha Ogg, 25 April 2011 - 01:35 PM.
749	Brewmaster	2011-04-25	I was wondering about that too.  My guess is that it's what he says after they learn that Catlyn has apprehended Tyrion; and since he's an idiot hothead, that would make sense.I really doubt that Cat's going to abduct Tyrion this episode. Tyrion just got to the Wall and Cat's not yet even at King's Landing for one thing.For another, episode 4 is titled "Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things". My guess is that we get Tyrion's return through Winterfell, helping out Bran, in that one. The capture of Tyrion likely happens in that episode, maybe it even ends with his capture.
750	Abaddon	2011-04-25	Well, that's a good point.  In that case, I have no idea what Jeoffrey is babbling about...
751	Winter Fresh	2011-04-25	i heard somewhere that sam is more of a comical character in the show than in the books. there was a review i read generously praising his comedic timing.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfresh, 25 April 2011 - 05:18 PM.
752	Civfan	2011-04-25	I really doubt that Cat's going to abduct Tyrion this episode. Tyrion just got to the Wall and Cat's not yet even at King's Landing for one thing.For another, episode 4 is titled "Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things". My guess is that we get Tyrion's return through Winterfell, helping out Bran, in that one. The capture of Tyrion likely happens in that episode, maybe it even ends with his capture.Well according to the descriptions here, http://www.westeros...._Broken_Things/ I think you're right that it'll happen in episode 4. 
	Spoiler "Catelyn rallies her husband<U+0092>s allies to make a point, while Tyrion finds himself caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. "
It looks like the last part of the book is much more spread out.  That's good. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
753	silkymoonshine	2011-04-25	I can't understard a word NCW is saying in the first scene - I think that's the Jaime line they used for the Iron Throne featurette and I'm still wondering what he says (well, something something, until you and I are the only people left in the world). He already speaks very softly, he shouldn't whisper. 
Can't wait to see Littlefinger! And I really can't wait until he meets Sansa - that's gonna be creepy/awesome.
754	WinterDreams	2011-04-25	I have got to say, I am really excited to see how Aidan Gillen plays Littlefinger. He played Tommy Carcetti in The Wire, and I thought he was quite good in that. I know that the next episode (after the third one) is Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things that so I expect that that episode will feature Bran's return to consciousness. I am really excited for that too so I hope that we get to see at least some Bran in the next episode but this episode looks so good. 
So far, I have been significantly impressed by the series so far and that's no mean feat since I was really expecting this series either to be excellent or absolutely tank.
					
					
							Edited by WinterDreams, 25 April 2011 - 07:25 PM.
755	ingsve	2011-04-25	I can't understard a word NCW is saying in the first scene - I think that's the Jaime line they used for the Iron Throne featurette and I'm still wondering what he says (well, something something, until you and I are the only people left in the world). He already speaks very softly, he shouldn't whisper. Can't wait to see Littlefinger! And I really can't wait until he meets Sansa - that's gonna be creepy/awesome.He says something like 
	Spoiler I'll kill him, Ned Stark, the king, the whole bloody lot of them until you and I are the only people left in this whole world.
756	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	I'm eager to see the Dothraki (and Ser Jorah's) response to Viserys's attack on Dany.  That's the scene that really got me interested in the Daenerys storyline and I think it'll do the same those new to the books.I am hoping it stays true to the novel and that Drogo AND Jorah's reactions are those which Martin described with such detail.  Thus far, the acting is incredible - Viserys is a real snake and Daenerys is fantastic - both so true to their literary characters.Is anyone else as impressed with Peter Dinklage as I am?  Definitely good casting!
					
					
							Edited by NovemberElizabeth, 25 April 2011 - 08:08 PM.
757	DragonAge93	2011-04-25	Indeed, November. His first scene in "The Kingsroad" was just so well done. I really can't imagine anyone else as Tyrion.
Can't wait to see Jon kick some ass to the other recruits. I liked reading that scene in the book. Next to Ned, Jon is my favorite, and seeing his scenes on the Wall unfold will be great just as they were in the book.
758	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	Indeed, November. His first scene in "The Kingsroad" was just so well done. I really can't imagine anyone else as Tyrion.Can't wait to see Jon kick some ass to the other recruits. I liked reading that scene in the book. Next to Ned, Jon is my favorite, and seeing his scenes on the Wall unfold will be great just as they were in the book.Kit Harington is doing a fine job and is definitely an authentic Snow.  I too am eagerly awaiting Jon to come into his own - "Lord Snow."  The only thing missing from Tyrion and Jon's interaction was the absence of Ghost - when Jon tells him that were it not for his presence, Ghost would rip his throat out.  I will say, though, the scene in which Summer literally does rip out the throat of Bran's attacker was stellar.  As far as Martin's novels, Jon and Ghost will always have my heart; however, Dinklage has stolen the screen, even from Lena Headey and Sean Bean.  From his sex scenes to smacking Joffrey thrice (wasn't it twice in the novel?) to his almost verbatim dialogue from GOT, he is my favorite - he truly brings Tyrion alive.  Has anyone noticed whether or not Dinklage has two different colored contacts?
759	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Has anyone noticed whether or not Dinklage has two different colored contacts?I've not noticed it, and I've been looking. It's not an absence I mind.
760	oneeye	2011-04-25	I'm looking forward to Littlefinger in the tv series more than in the book!
761	Volderon	2011-04-26	Every week I just wait and want to see Viserys again, he does such a great job! Same with Sean Bean but that goes without saying, the man IS Ned Stark. 
I wonder if people watching the show are going to be pissed that he dies...will it hurt the show? I can't help but feel people might hate it  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
762	Spoony	2011-04-26	I am more excited about seeing Varys than Littlefinger.
I hope the actor gets the character right.
763	Slick Mongoose	2011-04-26	Looking forward to Syrio Forel!Just so.
764	Geriant	2011-04-26	Syrio.
 King's Landing. (Yes, we've kinda seen it.. but not really)
 Varys.
 Littlefinger.
 Castle Black.
 Renly.
 Barristan the Bold.
 Maester Aemon.
 And just maybe.. Tyrion's crab fork duel with Ser Alliser Thorne.
 C'mon Sunday!
765	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-26	I really doubt that Cat's going to abduct Tyrion this episode. Tyrion just got to the Wall and Cat's not yet even at King's Landing for one thing.For another, episode 4 is titled "Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things". My guess is that we get Tyrion's return through Winterfell, helping out Bran, in that one. The capture of Tyrion likely happens in that episode, maybe it even ends with his capture.Given Robb, Theon and Maester Luwin all at least partly suspect tyrion of having some involvement in the "plot" against Bran I'm wondering how they are going to credibly get Tyrion through Winterfell on his southward journey. Perhaps the Maester will have a hand in moderating Robb and Theon's behaviour initially and Tyrion will show his quality and demonstrate through his actions his innocenece to those in Winterfell. I suspect Catelyn gets fed the misinformation from LF at the end of Ep3 which puts her on her collision course with Tyrion in Ep4.
766	Whatever	2011-04-26	I wonder if we're going to see Samwell appear in this episode? I've heard good things about the actor and their interactions in the reviews, so I'm really looking forward to that part.we're going to see him from episode 4
767	ExLibris	2011-04-26	So many exciting new characters get their debut in this episode and I'm eager to see what kind of job they'll do. Judging by what we've gotten to see so far of excellent acting/casting, I'm sure that the people they've cast for Varys, Littlefinger, etc. will do an amazing job.
I'm also excited to see the Red Keep/The Tower of the Hand and all of King's Landing in general.
/smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />
768	Trebla	2011-04-26	I know that the next episode (after the third one) is Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things that so I expect that that episode will feature Bran's return to consciousness. I am really excited for that too so I hope that we get to see at least some Bran in the next episode but this episode looks so good. I think next episode will feature's Bran return to the land of the living. The quote "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" comes from the Bran chapter where Tyrion returns to Winterfell and gives Maester Lewin the sketch to make Bran's saddle. So "Lord Snow" will probably have Bran bed-ridden and angry. We should also get some Old Nan stories!
769	Winterbane	2011-04-27	Well according to the descriptions here, http://www.westeros...._Broken_Things/ I think you're right that it'll happen in episode 4. 
	Spoiler "Catelyn rallies her husband<U+0092>s allies to make a point, while Tyrion finds himself caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. "
It looks like the last part of the book is much more spread out.  That's good. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm not sure that's it's more spread out at all actually. These past two episodes have each covered almost exactly 80 pages; the third episode seems like it will be exactly the same, and there are just over 800 pages in the book. So far, we are exactly on track.
770	Anduin Lothar	2011-04-27	Anyone know if there will be any sex scenes in the next episode?  I love this series, I just get heat from the wife everytime a sex/nudity scene appears.  So trying to avoid episodes that have it.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 27 April 2011 - 10:08 AM.
771	Ran	2011-04-27	There is a bit of nudity and semi-nudity. No sex, to the best of my recollection.
772	Whitering	2011-04-27	So far Tyrion and Arya are carrying the show for me. I look forward to them every time they are on screen. I can't wait to see her practicing with Syrio!
773	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	Anyone know if there will be any sex scenes in the next episode?  I love this series, I just get heat from the wife everytime a sex/nudity scene appears.  So trying to avoid episodes that have it.You're going to be avoiding a lot of episodes then.
774	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-27	Has anyone noticed whether or not Dinklage has two different colored contacts?I haven't noticed it in the series yet, but one of the interview vignettes they had on YouTube (http://www.youtube.c...t_safety_mode=1) he definitely did in some scenes and not in others. At 1:02 in the video I linked, he does for sure.
775	j52y	2011-04-27	Syrio. King's Landing. (Yes, we've kinda seen it.. but not really) Varys. Littlefinger. Castle Black. Renly. Barristan the Bold. Maester Aemon. And just maybe.. Tyrion's crab fork duel with Ser Alliser Thorne. C'mon Sunday!You forgot Jeor Mormont! And most likely Yoren, and other recruits like Pyp and Grenn. Every episode has s much to accomplish! I get the feeling that things will be smoother after the next episode, though, because they'll be done setting the stage and most characters will have been introduced.  I had thought that we might meet Sam in the next episode, but that's a lot of characters as it is. Plus, an episode titled "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" seems like it would be a much better episode to focus on Sam, thematically. The tourney is in that episode (according to the description) which means we'll also be focusing on the Hound (which I'm pretty excited for). I also expect that we meet Osha in that episode, and it would also make sense for Tryion to stop by Winterfell early in that episode and tell them about his special saddle. We'll also likely get our first real look at Theon in the series in the fourth episode, because again, thematically, it fits. Theon is, in a way, a bastard himself. It's also possible that Gendry will pop up in this episode as well, fitting the bastard angle.
776	adamsputnik	2011-04-28	Anyone know if there will be any sex scenes in the next episode?  I love this series, I just get heat from the wife everytime a sex/nudity scene appears.  So trying to avoid episodes that have it.For real?Good luck then, I don't think you'll be able to watch any of the episodes.
					
					
							Edited by adamsputnik, 28 April 2011 - 11:01 AM.
777	Kaitscralt	2011-04-28	For real?Good luck then, I don't think you'll be able to watch any of the episodes.Yeah... not being able to watch specific episodes of an HBO show based on nudity has always seemed a parent-child thing... but not my place to question someones relationship.
778	WinterBreeze	2011-04-28	Anyone know if there will be any sex scenes in the next episode?  I love this series, I just get heat from the wife everytime a sex/nudity scene appears.  So trying to avoid episodes that have it.Dany is likely to get some from the Khal again, plus they are headed north so you know someone somewhere will go digging for gold. In theory you should be fine as long as you don't say "Why can't you do stuff like that?"
779	Hyper	2011-04-28	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
780	TheEvilKing	2011-04-29	I wonder if people watching the show are going to be pissed that he dies...will it hurt the show? I can't help but feel people might hate it  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />No dude. We love the character because the actor is doing an awesome job. Non-readers hate the character because the actor is doing an awesome job. They will be glad of his death. Though Drogo and Dany will have to step up after that to carry the Dothraki storyline.
781	FilliamHMuffman	2011-04-29	Anyone know if there will be any sex scenes in the next episode?  I love this series, I just get heat from the wife everytime a sex/nudity scene appears.  So trying to avoid episodes that have it.IIRC, this is the episode that Renly and Loras are supposed to have some sort of scene together.
782	Ser Latecomer	2011-04-29	Given Robb, Theon and Maester Luwin all at least partly suspect tyrion of having some involvement in the "plot" against Bran I'm wondering how they are going to credibly get Tyrion through Winterfell on his southward journey. Perhaps the Maester will have a hand in moderating Robb and Theon's behaviour initially and Tyrion will show his quality and demonstrate through his actions his innocenece to those in Winterfell. I suspect Catelyn gets fed the misinformation from LF at the end of Ep3 which puts her on her collision course with Tyrion in Ep4.It was a very tense meeting in the book as well, so if they take it almost verbatim it should adequately accomplish this.  Robb greets him in the Great Hall with bare steel laying across his lap, and welcomes the Nights Watch while saying there is no place for Lannisters in Winterfell.
783	PhoenixFlame	2011-04-29	Gah, I'd hoped this episode had the tournament. Oh well, soon. My dad, a non-reader who's heard me yacking for years, keeps asking me when The Mountain's going to show up.
Right now his favorite character is Tyrion.
784	ZombieWife	2011-04-29	I wonder if we're going to see Samwell appear in this episode? I've heard good things about the actor and their interactions in the reviews, so I'm really looking forward to that part.Boy, I hope so.  Sam is one of my favorite characters and I am excited to see how this actor portrays him.
785	Gytha Ogg	2011-04-29	I think John Bradley tweeted that we first see Sam in episode 4. Can't wait for his scenes with Jon. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Gytha Ogg, 29 April 2011 - 05:48 PM.
786	Renly Baratheon	2011-04-29	First time poster
This is the most excited Ive' been about a TV show since Twin Peaks
Arya Jon and Tyrion are awesome Can't wait for Syrio and Varys
					
					
							Edited by Renly Baratheon, 29 April 2011 - 06:00 PM.
787	Kaitscralt	2011-04-29	Boy, I hope so.  Sam is one of my favorite characters and I am excited to see how this actor portrays him.I've never known someone to like the Sam character.
788	iheartseverus	2011-04-29	I've never known someone to like the Sam character.Meet.... me!  I like Sam a lot.  Sure, he's 'crippled' in all sorts of ways, shrug.  I like him!
789	silkymoonshine	2011-04-29	Oh No They Didn't! has two other previews for the episode.
	Spoiler Can't believe they changed the common saying about the Hand!
790	iheartseverus	2011-04-29	Oh No They Didn't! has two other previews for the episode.
	Spoiler Can't believe they changed the common saying about the Hand!
Drat!  Hoped for something new, but those are the same two clips that Ran posted here on the board.  tick...tick...tick... Sunday's coming.  Can't wait!
791	Huan	2011-04-29	Gah, I'd hoped this episode had the tournament. Oh well, soon. My dad, a non-reader who's heard me yacking for years, keeps asking me when The Mountain's going to show up.Right now his favorite character is Tyrion.The tournament is in Episode 4...EP104: Cripples, Bastards, and Broken ThingsNed looks to a book for clues to the death of his predecessor, and uncovers one of King Robert<U+0092>s (Mark Addy) bastards. Robert and his guests witness a tournament honoring Ned. Jon takes measures to protect Samwell (John Bradley) from further abuse at Castle Black; a frustrated Viserys clashes with Daenerys in Vaes Dothrak; Sansa (Sophie Turner) imagines her future as a queen, while Arya envisions a far different future. Catelyn rallies her husband<U+0092>s allies to make a point, while Tyrion finds himself caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. Whenever I read AGOT I see the tournament as kind of the high point for Ned in King's Landing. (Perhaps for Sansa too - getting the red rose from Loras, witnessing knightly gallantry, etc. etc. before hearing from the Hound that knights aren't all they're cracked up to be.) For Ned, it's all downhill from the tournament, not that it was that high to begin with. But he's optimistic after his breakfast with Robert, if only for a few minutes.
792	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-04-30	Oh No They Didn't! has two other previews for the episode.
	Spoiler Can't believe they changed the common saying about the Hand!
GRRM's line is much better because it's less obvious, but just as disgusting.
793	Ran	2011-04-30	The tournament starts in 4, and continues on into 5.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 30 April 2011 - 04:35 AM.
794	PhoenixFlame	2011-04-30	Buahaha, a friend of mine just got back to me. She started watching it without any knowledge of the series."Oh, and I just started watching Game of Thrones! Holy hell -- a Medieval zombie political intrigue sex romp. It sounds so awful on paper, and is just so amazing in reality!"
795	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-30	Someone mentioned that we won't see Sam until another episode (four I think it is?). Anyway, I like Sam's character as well although his whining in his chapters can be a bit tiresome at times. I think the character will probably come across better and more more sympathetic on the show since we won't be privy to his internal thoughts.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 30 April 2011 - 11:23 AM.
796	denstorebog	2011-05-01	Question about the tournament - 
I remember back when we followed the shooting of the series, there were some production stills released from the set of the tournament; some showing the Hound vs. the Mountain, others showing Sansa and Littlefinger in the audience. There were some doubt as to the 'size' of the event, whether they were going to add more background via bluescreen, or if it had just been scaled down (admit it, when you read the book, you pictured thousands of roaring spectators).
How does that end up looking on-screen? Is it more of the small scale affair that the set pictures indicated, or are they using tricks to make it look bigger?
797	El Duderino	2011-05-01	is it true they took out the Hound and Sansa's convo?
798	PhoenixFlame	2011-05-01	is it true they took out the Hound and Sansa's convo? /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> But I need fanbait!
799	Daenerys	2011-05-01	Syrio. King's Landing. (Yes, we've kinda seen it.. but not really) Varys. Littlefinger. Castle Black. Renly. Barristan the Bold. Maester Aemon. And just maybe.. Tyrion's crab fork duel with Ser Alliser Thorne.I'm also looking forward to all of that, but I'm starting to get a fear that introducing so many new characters and places is going to compromise everything, where things feel too rushed, too spread out, and potentially confusing, like Episode 1 where they had so much to introduce. It doesn't seem like 60 minutes is enough to do justice to all that, while continuing to develop all the storylines and characters from the previous episides.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 01 May 2011 - 06:42 PM.
800	Hazl	2011-05-01	I'm also looking forward to all of that, but I'm starting to get a fear that introducing so many new characters and places is going to compromise everything, where things feel too rushed, too spread out, and potentially confusing, like Episode 1 where they had so much to introduce. It doesn't seem like 60 minutes is enough to do justice to all that, while continuing to develop all the storylines and characters from the previous episides.Are we sure we'll get to see Barristan the Bold? How far into the King's Landing storyline are we getting? I just remember that he's not there when Ned first joins the Small Council... Besides, Maester Aemon won't take more than a few seconds of screen time, I think, he has like 2 lines at this point.
801	Greywolf2375	2011-05-01	Looking forward to Syrio Forel!if they continue that story line as in the book, looking forward to how they deal with the end of it.
802	The hairy bear	2011-05-01	Ser barristan is introduced on the books on the first Sansa chapter when he and Renly meet the royal comitive at the Trident, before the incident with the kids. So they are already being late /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
803	Hazl	2011-05-01	Ser barristan is introduced on the books on the first Sansa chapter when he and Renly meet the royal comitive at the Trident, before the incident with the kids. So they are already being late /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ah, that's right, I completely forgot; I skipped that chapter during my ongoing reread. Had just seen episode 102 and couldn't handle another dose of Joffrey-adoration in the same week. Guess that means we'll see old Selmy then, though he's not really important yet. Hope we'll get Renly, though, I'm a fan of his!
