nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2011-05-22	Rate the episode after it airs and let us know what you think about it!
2	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	My first ten so far. Favorite episode yet.
The Theon/Roz scene felt unnecessary, but it was so short that it didn't matter.
My only minor complaint is how Sansa was ridiculously mean to Septa Mordane and asked questions she should likely know the answer to if she was raised by the woman all her life. But I guess the South attitude and being betrothed to a prince is making her cocky.
3	Noir Dove	2011-05-22	I will have to do a re-watch, but Monday morning employment prevents me from doing so this evening. So these musings are first impressions one shots.
I thought it was... for lack of a better word... awesomesauce.
Ned had me pulling at my hair and tugging at my heartstrings. Tyrion was badass as usual (see: my avatar) Was really pleased with that whole scene at the Eyrie. But the events in Vaes Dothrak stole this week for me. Dany was just... splendid. She is becoming so strong and creepy all at the same time. I loooove it. I would go into more detail but I don't want to spoil anyone. 
The one bug I had about this was the fact that we didn't venture to the Wall. I understand why, this ep. was already jam packed, but I stilled missed it. Based on the previews, I am certain we will see more of Jon, Sam and the others next week (I am not an HBOGO lady).
Solid 9 for me. Bravo.
4	tybeechris	2011-05-22	My first 10. No wasted time. I could go on and on but I am sure everyone else will. Flew by. Great set ups for everyone, Renly, Mormont, Daenerys, Tyrion, Roz (guess she will morph into Tyrion whore to consolidate characters). A little bit of a "House TV" moment when Ned figures it all out from his kids but OMG, OMG, OMG.
5	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	My first 10. No wasted time. I could go on and on but I am sure everyone else will. Flew by. Great set ups for everyone, Renly, Mormont, Daenerys, Tyrion, Roz (guess she will morph into Tyrion whore to consolidate characters). A little bit of a "House TV" moment when Ned figures it all out from his kids but OMG, OMG, OMG.Shae has been casted.
6	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	A solid 9.  Not as good as last week's IMO. But still very good.
7	House Snow	2011-05-22	10  This is also the first episode where none of the scenes went unecessarily long.
8	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-22	Liked the episode, but the "hunting" scene featuring Big Rob, Renly, Ser Barristan, and Lancel.. WALKING in the woods was just ridiculous. Even if he isn't gone for days (weeks?) like in the book. I have a hard time believing Robert would walk anywhere for any decent length of time. He'd be sucking air before he found anything to stick his lance into, and how long will that tiny wineskin last? Would it really have been so hard to at least put them on horses? or at least start them off near some horses (or a small camp) and walk into the bush. Apparently it was, so what we get is 4 guys walking through the forest in their court clothes not hunting.
I get that he doesn't have 20+ people following him everywhere when he is in the Red Keep, but when he leaves the castle, he needs an entourage.  I'd admit it's a petty complaint if it wasn't done so well in a previous episode (ep2). When Robert and Ned took a break while on the Kingsroad to sit, eat, and shoot the shit. They had a much larger (and much more believable) entourage. That's about as much privacy a King gets when outside of his castle/keep.
That scene needed some horses, some banners, a few servants hauling camp gear/supplies, a kennel master, and some barking dogs to flush out the boars. Yeah that one scene just went up in price significantly. I know. Don't look at me like that. They are the ones who set the bar in episode 2, not me.
I'll give them a pass on the wildling encounter, where a bit more entourage would have been nice to see also. As I expected, Summer and Grey Wind were no-shows. I get it, it's hard to get animals to do passable fight choreography. I'll let others complain about it, as they've been doing since the start of the show.
Aside from that, I liked the episode.
Episode 5 was still better IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 22 May 2011 - 10:12 PM.
9	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Maybe they were in a small section of forest surrounded by Robert's men, and he had a KG member at his side while he went inside to hunt. Didn't bother me at all. Hard to kill a boar with a circus around you.
10	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-22	Robert doesn't actually hunt, he is just there to kill something.
Robert stays on horse drinking and complaining while the hunters they brought along find the boar's den (hole in the ground), and flush them out with dogs. The king only shows up to kill it when they have one cornered. That's what I remember reading at least.
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 22 May 2011 - 10:23 PM.
11	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-22	Liked the episode, but the "hunting" scene featuring Big Rob, Renly, Ser Barristan, and Lancel.. WALKING in the woods was just ridiculous. Even if he isn't gone for days (weeks?) like in the book. I have a hard time believing Robert would walk anywhere for any decent length of time. He'd be sucking air before he found anything to stick his lance into, and how long will that tiny wineskin last? Would it really have been so hard to at least put them on horses? or at least start them off near some horses (or a small camp) and walk into the bush. Apparently it was, so what we get is 4 guys walking through the forest in their court clothes not hunting.Agree about the hunt, but this was definitely my favorite episode so far.
12	tybeechris	2011-05-22	Shae has been casted.Okay, maybe Chataya or Alayaya? Saves introducing new character and also Tyrion already knows and probably "trusts" Ros.
13	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	Okay, maybe Chataya or Alayaya? Saves introducing new character and also Tyrion already knows and probably "trusts" Ros.That is what I am thinking now too.  There is no other logical explanation to have her meet Tyrion previously and then go to King's Landing.
14	Mr Bean	2011-05-23	An Eight
Any episode without Dire wolves receives an automatic one point deduction if the Direwolf's played a pivotal role in the scene and this week there were two wildings which could have been eaten by Dire wolves but were not.  There lack was missed because we got to saw one eat one already.
Half a point point deduction was for Ros because that entire episode was very Why is this here? The other half a point lost because Theon and Rob once again have a heart to heart but act like assholes to each other not the good friends as described, considering how Theon is treated in the show to date I don't know why he's fallen into the Stark lacky role... it makes no sense when everyone treats him like shit.  
Every other episode felt required, needed or was just awesome, could have used a little more Mord but what I got was excellent.
15	Daenerys	2011-05-23	8+. Didn't like the hunt scene, every scene Sansa is in still sucks, Ros (as good as she is) is getting WAY too much screen time, and again...no direwolves! But, Viserys' coronation and the Bronn-Egan battle were even more awesome than how I pictured it in the book. Everything else was pretty good to great.
16	Carldog	2011-05-23	Liked it.  I think an eight is in place.  The lack of D wolves is hurting the show greatly, but that's not to say its not moving in the right direction.
17	emmank	2011-05-23	wow that last scene was done so perfectly. I gave it a 9; I think it was one of the best, if not the best I've seen so far.
18	arrowfan	2011-05-23	Great ep. Gave it a 9.  One of the best so far.  Tyrion is just nailing it. Was a good Ned ep too.  
Oh and really enjoyed Theon.  Actually, my bad-ass award goes to him for bullseye-ing the wildling. 
This was also the first ep (besides the pilot) where I really enjoyed the Dany scenes. That closing scene with Viserys getting his golden crown was tense and well done.
19	ZornKrieger	2011-05-23	It got a nine the moment Viserys' golden crown clanked to the ground. Awesome!
20	Ghost Cat	2011-05-23	I loved it! I didn't mind the missing direwolves as the scene ran well without them. Also, any episode with Syrio is a win! There was no wasted time, or scenes where I was left scratching my head. Ok, Roz & Theon but as someone already said, it was short. I'm not completely pleased with the series relationship between Rob & Theon. My understanding from the books was that they were friends and that Rob trusted Theon (else wise, why would he send him where he did later). My take was that Theon was treated fairly and equally with the "trueborn" Stark children. That's a minor criticism and it didn't decrease the value of the episode for me. The high points were so high.
I'm going to miss Harry Lloyd but that ending was excellent!
					
					
							Edited by Ghost Cat, 23 May 2011 - 04:39 AM.
21	Loras	2011-05-23	8/10
I enjoyed this episode, but it didn't quite have the magic of last week's installment. 
The highpoints for me this episode were in the Danaerys storyline.  While I still think Emilia Clarke needs to grow into the role, she had some excellent moments tonight.  My favourite scene was the horse heart scene, beautifully realised.  Harry Lloyd also did a wonderful job with Viserys' final episode.  I am going to miss him, but I am ready for the change of focus in Dany's story as we amp up towards the finale.
One thing that bugged me with this episode was the lighting - in the hunting scene and the Sansa/Joff scene particularly.
22	Popgun	2011-05-23	9/10
I liked last weeks episode slightly better but this week was almost as good. I loved the part where  Ned denounced Sir Gregor and ordered Tywin Lannister to King's Landing. Plus the crowning at the end was great.
Was surprisedthey didn't include Loras offering Ned to hunt down Gregor for him. Whould've tied in well with the "bj scene" of last week where Loras was plotting away with Renly.
23	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-23	9
A welcome balance of dialogue and action; and within the dialogue, both exposition and plot advancement.  
I'm really enjoying how the Winterfell scenes focus more on Theon - I find him generally more interesting than Robb and I think they've cast him perfectly
The Dany storylines are gaining some welcome momentum thanks to clever directing - they no longer feel like a needless sideplot.
Mad props on using the title of the episode to allude to both Ned's revelation of Robert's "heirs" and Viserys' ultimate fate.
Best episode yet, IMO.
24	reiver	2011-05-23	I loved the episode but there were a few things missing that would have made it even better. 
I understand the lack of the wolves in the fight for purposes of getting the dogs to behave but they could still have had them tearing at the corpses or finishing off a downed man as he tried to rise. Surely getting a dog to eat sausages dressed to look like intestines isn't beyond the dog wranglers and if it is then hire better ones. It would have made the scene bloodier and more horrific and would have kept the wolves there as characters. At the moment i'd be suprised if many viewers even remember them.
Robb and Theon was again a bit too much. We get that Theon isn't a Stark, we get that he resents his position but they're overegging the pudding to the extent that Theon's betrayal is an inevitability. It was quite shocking in the books and i'm sad how much of that they will have lost in trying to justify and explain it early. 
I loved the fight in the eyrie and liked that they managed to tell a lot of the story visually. I'd have liked the contrast in armour to have been a bit more pronounced. Bronn's was spot on but Ser Vardis looked too lightly armoured for the contrast. i suppose that's very much a book geek quibble and something that wont even flit across the mind of a viewer but it's something that i feel would have added to the scene without any effort.
My favourite so far. I gave it a 9
25	TheEvilKing	2011-05-23	Definitely 10 for me. So many "holy shit" moments, even though I already knew what would happen. The Targaryens owned this one.
26	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-23	Yeah, the minute or so spent with Roz and Theon could have been better spent on actual events of the story.
Osha came of as rather Gollum-ish. We swears to serve the master if you spares us our life. The scene as a whole was OK. But I was looking to see a direwolf there. I really hope we see a bit more of the dire wolves.
Golden crown was golden. Seeing the heart eating was great. Showing Arya's needle prowess, even while distracted with her troubles, marvellous. Just one more scene with Syrio I fear. Gosh such a pity, would have loved to see some more dancing lessons. Good opening scene. 
No doubt second watch will be even better.
8 from me.
27	thistlepong	2011-05-23	I liked this one.  It had some flaws and I'm missing the direwolves because I know they're supposed to be there and not going to be.  But they laid off the scenes that were nothing but exposition masked by sex or violence and allowed the story to tell itself.  9.
28	Zezibesh	2011-05-23	I've been pretty conservative with the numbers so far, but this was definitely an 8. Brilliant episode, they just keep improving.
					
					
							Edited by Zezibesh, 23 May 2011 - 07:54 AM.
29	StrongBelwas	2011-05-23	Low moments and high moments:
Low moments:
I was not pleased to see the Moon Door in the floor.  As soon as I saw what they were doing I knew that it had been placed there specifically for the obligatory moment in a fight scene when two opponents are locked in combat and leaning against the void.  And what do you know?  There was Bronn for a moment, pressed against the brink.  The little moments when Hollywood intrudes upon Martin's story upset me.  They pull me out of my belief suspension.
Why haven't we seen the specifics to Vaes Dothrak?  Where are all the looted momuments?  Part of what made Vaes Dothrak engaging were the shadows of dead gods and fallen kings scattered upon plains grass.  I think our filmakers dropped a ball here.
High Moments:
The speech delivered by Eddard in regards to Gregor Clegan was completely excellent.  Bravo.
I also want to acknowledge Harry Lloyd for a moment now that we will not be seeing him again.  I felt that he nailed his character perfectly, even though Dany's brother is a man we like to hate.  Every moment he was on screen matched the character described in GoT.  I hope Harry gets more work quickly.
30	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-23	Superb from start to finish.  This is what I envisioned this TV show being when it was first announced several years ago.  No major complaints and nothing this week that felt like filler.I'm not completely pleased with the series relationship between Rob & Theon. My understanding from the books was that they were friends and that Rob trusted Theon (else wise, why would he send him where he did later). My take was that Theon was treated fairly and equally with the "trueborn" Stark children.It's necessary so that Theon's turn of the cloak in Season 2 will make sense.  If he and Robb were all buddy buddy right now with no conflicts between them, his change of heart next year would feel much too rushed and random.  Externalizing conflict is one of the unfortunate consequences of any TV adaptation of a written work.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 23 May 2011 - 08:38 AM.
31	Emo Jon Snow	2011-05-23	My first 10 of the season, I loved the episode.   I rate the nitpickers in this thread a 4
32	End of Disc One	2011-05-23	A solid 9.  Not as good as last week's IMO. But still very good.This.
33	valacirca	2011-05-23	My first 10 of the season, I loved the episode.This.Haven't said it yet but I'm saying it now: Best. Episode. Yet.
34	Huan	2011-05-23	9/10. I am going to miss Harry Lloyd going forward, he was brilliant in this episode, managing to convey Viserys' bewilderment and resentment at the love for Dany, and convincing me to feel sorry for the boy who would be king by the end. Fantanstic crowning scene. The hunting scene left me cold, and I am tired of Ros already, but everything else was good. I was expecting no direwolves in the wood, so wasn't disappointed.
35	maxlongstreet	2011-05-23	Best yet, I say. More Jane Espenson next season! This was written better than the D&D episodes, in my view - hardly a wrong word in it. Anything you could find fault with in the episode - lack of wolves, not enough people in the hunt, etc. - had nothing to do with the writing.
36	Bronn Stone	2011-05-23	Best yet, I say. More Jane Espenson next season! This was written better than the D&D episodes, in my view - hardly a wrong word in it. Anything you could find fault with in the episode - lack of wolves, not enough people in the hunt, etc. - had nothing to do with the writing.I thought the episode had the single clunkiest bit of poorly constructed exposition in the series to date.  There HAD to be a better way for Littlefinger to remind the audience that Catelyn's family sigil is a 'fish' than pretending to be confused about it.  It doesn't make sense in the context of a ploy either.  Of course LF knows, the little twit grew up there.  And Eddard knows he knows.  Genuinely painful on the ears.  Could have been much more effective with "A slap in the face of your wife's father - mocking his very sigil".For that and poor direction, I can only go as high as 8.  The wolves issue and the hunt issue could have and should have been resolved with a glimpse of the wolves chasing someone into the brush and sound effects handling the rest.  If you HEAR the sounds of the hunt in the distance, you haven't spent much money but you make the scene bigger all the same.  If you hear the wolves savaging wildlings, you know it happened and you understand later when Osha is so damned afraid of the things.
37	Starkess	2011-05-23	I thought the episode had the single clunkiest bit of poorly constructed exposition in the series to date.  There HAD to be a better way for Littlefinger to remind the audience that Catelyn's family sigil is a 'fish' than pretending to be confused about it.  It doesn't make sense in the context of a ploy either.  Of course LF knows, the little twit grew up there.  And Eddard knows he knows.  Genuinely painful on the ears.  Could have been much more effective with "A slap in the face of your wife's father - mocking his very sigil".I've heard a couple complaints about this, and I don't get it at all. To me the comment played off very much as a taunt/jab at Ned. Ie, remember your WIFE recently upset the Lannisters, what a coincidence that it's her family's sigil...
38	reiver	2011-05-23	It's necessary so that Theon's turn of the cloak in Season 2 will make sense.  If he and Robb were all buddy buddy right now with no conflicts between them, his change of heart next year would feel much too rushed and random.  Externalizing conflict is one of the unfortunate consequences of any TV adaptation of a written work.Some of the previous groundwork was necessary. We're at the stage where we're being beaten about the head with it now to the extent that it's ridiculous that they allow Theon to even have a bow if he's so much an outcast and prisoner let alone sent off as a trusted envoy. I'm now thinking Theon's capture of Winterfell, within the context of this adaptation, would not even be the slightest betrayal whereas in the book i had a fair bit of dissonance about it.
39	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-23	Some of the previous groundwork was necessary. We're at the stage where we're being beaten about the head with it now to the extent that it's ridiculous that they allow Theon to even have a bow if he's so much an outcast and prisoner let alone sent off as a trusted envoy. I'm now thinking Theon's capture of Winterfell, within the context of this adaptation, would not even be the slightest betrayal whereas in the book i had a fair bit of dissonance about it.Theon is trying to make Robert go to war for the honor of the Starks and he has said that he would stand by his side, just as Robb already knows. That's in essence about as much as the book tells us about his loyalty, only in more examples. None of the other Starks seem to have any fondness for Theon, they seem to see him as cocky, arrogant and annoying, or just ignore him altogether.I don't feel that it makes it strange that he's allowed to go as he pleases. They are just telling back story and explaining a character that will become important. If the show doesn't alter the story from the book we'll even see first hand that he had no intentions whatsoever to betray Robb when he went to his father. It's his father that has the plan and Theon then acts to get his father's approval because he's just found out that no one cares about him anymore and everyone sees him as someone the Starks has made into a soft weakling that's not worthy to be lord of the Iron Islands.
40	Icebreaker	2011-05-23	I gave it 6. The 5th episode was the best so far IMO, so this one was a bit of a letdown for me. I don't know, perhaps I'm not being objective. It is all very painful for me to watch when I know how it will end for the good boys. Overall, I'm happy with the fighting scenes which seem quite realistic and brutal, although some of the characters aren't depicted as I had imagined them - Bronn for example. He is atleast 10-15 years older than he should be. Ser Vardis even more so. On the other hand, another fantastic performance from Peter Dinklage, brilliant actor. He really is the star of the series for me.
					
					
							Edited by Icebreaker, 23 May 2011 - 04:47 PM.
41	Renasko	2011-05-23	8/10
Pretty good episode. Not quite reaching perfect marks, though. Figure the second season will improve. They'll learn from their mistakes. More direwolves, less exposition. A little more Lannister gold.
Should be sweet.
42	Daenerys	2011-05-23	Robb and Theon was again a bit too much. We get that Theon isn't a Stark, we get that he resents his position but they're overegging the pudding to the extent that Theon's betrayal is an inevitability. It was quite shocking in the books and i'm sad how much of that they will have lost in trying to justify and explain it early.I agree, I'm almost finding myself rooting for Theon. First of all, he may be a bit of a cocky wanker, but at least he's got a personality, and some humor. Compare to Robb who seems to have the personality of a cardboard box. Second, all the Starks treat him like shit, seemingly for no reason. That's not the impression I got from the books. Yes, he's a Greyjoy and his family tried to rebel, but he was obviously a child at the time and should not be held accountable for that. The only scenes in the tv series where he seems a part of the Stark family is when he's joking around with the Stark boys when they get haircuts, and when he's present when Cat tells the small Winterfell group about the treachery of the Lannisters. Other than they, why wouldn't he hate the Starks? I actually loved it when Robb asked him where Bran is he said "It's not my house." and stalked off (and even there he STILL came back and saved their asses).So yeah, it's not going to have the same surprise or impact when he...you know...
43	YoDaddy	2011-05-23	Giving it a 6. I can't decide if I'm too much of a fanboy to be so dissapointed in certain elements that stray from the books or if those constantly passing out 10's are......
44	YoDaddy	2011-05-23	Oh, and does anyone else find themselves singing "Satisfaction" whenever Theon enters a room? Could he look more like Mick Jagger?
45	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	Overall, I'm happy with the fighting scenes which seem quite realistic and brutal, although some of the characters aren't depicted as I had imagined them - Bronn for example. He is atleast 10-15 years older than he should be. Ser Vardis even more so. On the other hand, another fantastic performance from Peter Dinklage, brilliant actor. He really is the star of the series for me.Dinklage is 41 - 18 years older than Tyrion but you are okay with that?  In the books, Catelyn estimates that Ser Vardis Egen to be about fifteen years older than Bronn.  So if this Bronn is 15 years older than the one in the books (truth is he's closer to 20), that would mean Brendan McCormack should be about sixty.   I can't find his actual age, but he's clearly not sixty.  Probably a good bit younger than Jerome Flynn.
46	Daenerys	2011-05-24	Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):
Epi | Title                                   | Rating | 6.........7.........8.........9.........10
----|-----------------------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------
101 | "Winter Is Coming"                      | 7.8    | *******************
102 | "The Kingsroad"                         | 8.2    | ***********************
103 | "Lord Snow"                             | 7.9    | ********************
104 | "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" | 8.2    | ***********************
105 | "The Wolf and the Lion"                 | 8.8    | *****************************
106 | "A Golden Crown"                        | 8.8    | *****************************
Overall series average - 8.3
47	valacirca	2011-05-24	Tally of episode scores so far:E06 - 8.68 (136 votes)E05 - 8.63 (235 votes)E02 - 8.14 (235 votes)E04 - 8.00 (248 votes)E01 - 7.88 (241 votes)E03 - 7.87 (136 votes)Overall series score: 8.19 / 10(so few votes for the pilot episode)
48	gypsyscarlett	2011-05-24	My first ten.  Everything was topnotch.  The acting, the writing, the directing.  All the scenes flowed perfectly together.
And my gal Dany rocked!  The powerful, yet quietly eerie way she delivered the final line gave me goosebumps.
I will miss the actor who played Viserys.  But what a memorable way to go!
49	Holymoly	2011-05-24	I'm not completely pleased with the series relationship between Rob & Theon. My understanding from the books was that they were friends and that Rob trusted Theon (else wise, why would he send him where he did later). My take was that Theon was treated fairly and equally with the "trueborn" Stark children.I've been re-reading the first book after a few years and must say that I am surprised how I am picking up a different take on Theon second time around. First time reading through the books I think you miss much of the nuances the author included as you weren't neccessarily aware of the future importance of seemingly innocuous comments/occurences. When I read through the first time Theon's story was very surprising for me as it devloped. However second time of reading, and the wildling scene in particular, you get the suggestion of a certain cavalier, flippant attitude towards the Stark children that wouldn't be expected if they were blood relations. In the book Robb is incredibly angry with Theon for taking the shot. The TV series is using a slightly blunter instrument to make the point however I believe that it is a point present in the book.
50	Greywolf2375	2011-05-24	9/10
Actually, over a 9, but not perfect.  There are some things I still dislike about how the stories are being adjusted - Theon/Roz didn't fit well & some other minor quibbles, but to me this has been the best episode so far.  If I can ever get HBO Go to work, maybe the next will bump it up a notch, but this was the peak to this point for me.
51	Hombre de Murcielago	2011-05-24	9/10  
Great episode, but not quite perfect.  Maisie Williams and Peter Dinklage continue to nail every scene they are in, but I'm consistently disappointed when Sansa or Draco Malfoy (Joffrey) are in a scene.  The lack of direwolves during the fight in the woods was also a disappointment.  Overall the series appears to have finally picked up momentum and this episode did an excellent job of keeping it going.
52	Abaddon	2011-05-24	Gave this one a 9, I'd say it's my highest 9 yet... maybe a 9.3 or 9.4.  Very close to giving an episode a 9.5+ = 10 and I think that in Eps 8-10 there should be some great opportunities to do so...
53	SFA-OK	2011-05-25	7/10
Solid. Like in all previous episodes, there were some unnecessary changes and scenes. 
Really not a fan of how they continue to portray Theon. It's like who cares if and when he becomes a dick? He already is! Way too one-dimensional for my liking. 
Didn't like the change to the Moon Door just so they could add a cliche into the Bronn fight. 
Sean Bean was once again one of the big highlights. 
Not a fan so far of Littlefinger or really anyone else in the King's council. Those characters (and the intrigue) was much more interesting in the book (so far). 
Tyrion Lannister is great once again. 
The crowning scene was done really well but when you start feeling bad for Viserys there might be something wrong! In the book I didn't feel bad for the character at all. It's strange how they made Viserys into a somewhat semi-sympathetic character but Theon is a complete douche who you feel nothing for. 
I actually didn't mind the Sansa scene. 
The Jeoffrey cast is great. That actor is creepy!
54	Songlian	2011-05-25	8. I liked it a lot. Viserys again stole the show for me. Many great scenes overall.
They keep being too obvious with things, and it's beginning to bother me a little. Dany and the dragon eggs, Dany and the fire thing, Theon and his imminent betrayal (is it even betrayal at this point, given how much crap he gets from everyone?), Baratheon and the golden hair, etc. All these things came as surprises in the books; now they're so obvious, it's painful. 
Otherwise, good episode.
55	Davieboy	2011-05-26	My verdict is a 9. 
I thought it covered a lot of ground well, with fab performances all round. I actually think Alfie Allen is capturing Theon very well - I can easily imagine him in the events we know are coming up in the future, esp. his initial meeting with Asha, a real highlight for me. Harry Lloyd's Viserys deserves all the plaudits it's receiving. 
Enjoyed the Bronn fight - I always imagined Sean Bean (in his Sharpe persona) as Bronn whilst reading the books. Loved Mord - could not resist telling my wife about the gold teeth he later acquires, probably the only spoiler I've given her! She's never read the book and positively loves the show (as do all her workmates she convinced to watch based on my say-so). Dany's story is her favorite part.
Downsides - as SFA-OK says above the King's council is lacking something; I don't recognise Renly on TV as the Renly in the books and Littlefinger, one of my fave characters hasn't really shone yet. Early days for him I guess, and Varys is fine so far. I guess it's just Renly.
As always, the end of the show is a huge wrench back to reality.....
Watching from ep. 1 tonight as my friend from Oz is over - I have to do my BwB duty!
56	The Fan	2011-05-26	They keep being too obvious with things, and it's beginning to bother me a little.This is more than a little grating to me as well, I cannot tell if it's due to the fact I have read the books, or because they (D&D) believe that the American audience (perhaps rightly...) have no appreciation of any subtlety. Renly-Loras and the slurping, Littlefinger and Ned in the throne room, among a few others I have purged from memory.I did really enjoy episode 6, the "crowning" scene was really the crown of the episode. Harry Lloyd played Viserys the Mad brilliantly, right to point he pitches forward, gilded.As for the Theon bit, in the books, I was under the impression that Robb, Jon and Theon, of similar age were brotherly rivals, even though Theon was not a "Stark", he was not mistreated or mistrusted how they are portraying it. When he travels as an envoy, it is his poor experience running into Asha that (I had thought) causes him to decide to.... well, we know what he does....and the direwolves, where, oh where, are the direwolves? I started a topic called "HBO GoT: Where are the Direwolves?" to discuss it, but the wildling/Bran scene was one of the best scenes where the direwolves earn their keep. Couple that glaring omission with the vaguely wolf-like dogs they were forced to use (stupid Irish wild animal laws...) and what was a terrific aspect to the books is barely a footnote in the show. As near as I can tell, the only characters in the show aware that the 'Wolves exist are Bran's throatless assassin, Sansa and Joffrey.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
57	Songlian	2011-05-26	This is more than a little grating to me as well, I cannot tell if it's due to the fact I have read the books, or because they (D&D) believe that the American audience (perhaps rightly...) have no appreciation of any subtlety. I think it's a little bit of both. Having read the books, we are surely more quick to catch on the clues, but at the same time I get the impression that they really wanted to make sure as many viewers as possible understand what's going on. Because it they don't, or lose track of the events, they'll most likely stop watching.  And that's bad for your ratings. Hence, the obvious-in-your-face thing. Meh. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 26 May 2011 - 06:26 AM.
58	WinterBreeze	2011-05-26	It was a 9, until the death scene at the end. That brought it up to a 10 for me.
59	Noir Dove	2011-05-27	I am a new reader. I have been reading the first book along with the show, stopped whenever the show stops. I have only been spoiled about one major thing. (An event that happens at the end of book 1) That being the only major plot point that I accidentally stumbled upon... I have to say... I'm finding everything else is quite surprising. I had not a clue why Ned was searching for Robert's bastards. And I realized the answer just as Sansa opened her mouth. So I know many of you are seasoned fans, but as a new comer it is VERY fresh and VERY interesting for me.
60	Bronn Stone	2011-05-28	I am a new reader. I have been reading the first book along with the show, stopped whenever the show stops. I have only been spoiled about one major thing. (An event that happens at the end of book 1) That being the only major plot point that I accidentally stumbled upon... I have to say... I'm finding everything else is quite surprising. I had not a clue why Ned was searching for Robert's bastards. And I realized the answer just as Sansa opened her mouth. So I know many of you are seasoned fans, but as a new comer it is VERY fresh and VERY interesting for me.That is great to hear.  I hope you get similar enjoyment on the twists and turns yet to come.
61	tarantella	2011-05-28	9.  Complaints first: The "hunt" was sort of crap and I'm not sure I like where they're going with Renly's character.  I know he doesn't share the same tastes as his brother, but I don't remember him being all pissed off like this from the books.  Someone correct me if I'm wrong.
The fight between Ser Vardis and Bronn was great, but there was one thing I found weird about the whole situation.  What exactly is Bronn supposed to be in the TV series?  In aGoT he's definitely a mercenary hired by Catelyn, so it's not particularly shocking that he'd fight for Tyrion or use dirty tactics to beat Vardis.  In the series, however, no mention is made of what exactly Bronn is.  He's rough-looking and rough-fighting, but he could pass for a hedge knight just scraping by. Lysa's court seems to be shocked at how dishonorably he fights, "no way for a knight" I think gets said at some point.  So I thought that whole bit was weird.
Other than those complaints, everything was great, Tyrion's back and forths with Mord and his "confession", the trial by combat, and especially the crowning.  It's sad to see Harry Lloyd go - he made Viserys fun to watch.
62	zippypoodle	2011-05-28	An EightAny episode without Dire wolves receives an automatic one point deduction if the Direwolf's played a pivotal role in the scene and this week there were two wildings which could have been eaten by Dire wolves but were not.  There lack was missed because we got to saw one eat one already.Half a point point deduction was for Ros because that entire episode was very Why is this here? The other half a point lost because Theon and Rob once again have a heart to heart but act like assholes to each other not the good friends as described, considering how Theon is treated in the show to date I don't know why he's fallen into the Stark lacky role... it makes no sense when everyone treats him like shit.  Every other episode felt required, needed or was just awesome, could have used a little more Mord but what I got was excellent.I guess we all have different things we expect from the show, so I'm not going to criticize your position which seems to be that every variation from the books rates a deduction. That's a valid way to watch the series.I take a different tack. When changes are made, I take both into account and decide which I like better. Sometimes it's the book version, other times its the show version. When it comes to the Theon/Robb interaction you mention, I am liking the way Theon is presented in the show much more than in the book. Theon's sudden turn in the book, while explained to some extent by his desire to prove himself to he Iron Island people, never quite sat right with me. See this slightly more antagonistic relationship between Theon and the Starks makes is all work better. Things add up: Robb's comment that it's not Theon's house; Maester Lewin's snarky comment about failed rebellions, Tyrion's mocking of Theon who had no response to Tyrion's comments, etc. And, even with this, it still makes sense that Robb would send Theon to treat with his father. I'm also liking show Cersei better--she seems a little more human. OTOH, I think book Sansa is much better. I didn't like her being bitchy to the septa.
63	zippypoodle	2011-05-28	9.  Complaints first: The "hunt" was sort of crap and I'm not sure I like where they're going with Renly's character.  I know he doesn't share the same tastes as his brother, but I don't remember him being all pissed off like this from the books.  Someone correct me if I'm wrong.No, he's not. And it's another one of those changes I think I'm going to like. It makes more sense for Renly to want to be king for the reasons he stated on the hunt than book Renly's reasons. Granted, I will be upset if they decide not to kill Renly off or something like that. But exploring different possible motivations? Fine by me.
64	NW Deserter	2011-05-28	What exactly is Bronn supposed to be in the TV series?  In aGoT he's definitely a mercenary hired by Catelyn, so it's not particularly shocking that he'd fight for Tyrion or use dirty tactics to beat Vardis.  In the series, however, no mention is made of what exactly Bronn is.  He's rough-looking and rough-fighting, but he could pass for a hedge knight just scraping by. Lysa's court seems to be shocked at how dishonorably he fights, "no way for a knight" I think gets said at some point.  So I thought that whole bit was weird.I noticed this too. In the OtakuASSEMBLE episode reviews on youtube that I'm sure we're all familiar with by now, the guy thought he was a member of the Night's Watch...and I don't think he's even been officially named yet either. Maybe they'll put in some dialogue between him and Tyrion on the eastern road that will shed some light on TV-Bronn's history and motives.
65	zippypoodle	2011-05-28	7/10Didn't like the change to the Moon Door just so they could add a cliche into the Bronn fight. The crowning scene was done really well but when you start feeling bad for Viserys there might be something wrong! In the book I didn't feel bad for the character at all. It's strange how they made Viserys into a somewhat semi-sympathetic character but Theon is a complete douche who you feel nothing for. I cut out the parts I didn't want to respond to. Of what's left, I thought when I first saw it that I would agree with you. That, oh, instead of Bronn using a different style to defeat Ser Vardis, they're going to be lame and have him trick him into falling through the hole. And then they didn't! They actually showed the fight pretty much as I'd pictured it and only had him shove him through the hole at the end. So I ended up liking it.And I agree that Viserys is somewhat more sympathetic here. But I attribute it to being able to actually SEE just how pathetic he is. He has all these delusions of grandeur but is just a pathetic little man in more ways than one.  And I don't care how bad a person is, seeing him sitting there waiting for gold to get poured over his head? You'd have to be pretty cold not to feel something for him. Even if, as I do, you feel it was deserved.
66	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-28	One and a half post
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 28 May 2011 - 06:36 PM.
67	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-28	I find it interesting that some people keep saying that they don't like how Theon is coming across as so much of a dock so early (as opposed to his first scene in the book, where it's pretty clear he's a douchebag) and others say that he's being treated so harshly that he's sympathetic and/or his betrayal is inevitable. 
A) these seem to be practically if not opposite criticisms, once again (and I tend to think that if people can throw polar opposite criticisms at the same thing, what it actually signifies is that they are being very over sensitive and the actual portrayal is very good)
/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> I'm fairly sure he is portrayed as a dick, an outsider and sympathetically in the books. We didn't see much of him in book 1, just like Jaime, but he definitely had these traits and the tv show, not having PoVs, is third person omniscient where we were always going to get earlier and more accurate complexities in character than in the books. Also, because a 10 hour tv show will effectively go at a much faster pace than its source book, all development must start earlier in order to not seem like inconsistency. That's not hard to grasp
C) I don't think his betrayal will be too obvious to tv viewers. Some will get it, but some people guessed that Ned was doomed, or that he'd betray the Starks in the books. That doesn't mean they all will. The signs ate there to see, because of the differences in the pace of revealing information and the speed at which things happen and scenes change, it has to be more obvious in the show otherwise the signs would not be there. And having something happen as an absolute shock with no clues (at least having more than one thing happen) is IMO awful writing. That's why foreshadowing is s universal literary technique. It's clear in retrospect in the books why Theon betrayed the Starks. If it weren't, it would appear to be a cheap change in characterisation as a form on deus/diabolis ex machina. The same applies in the show. They are mediums that run with a different pace and a different viewpoint. That seems to me to account for all perceived differences in characterisation. Except Renly, but he was dull in the book so feel free to make him interesting.
68	Bronn Stone	2011-05-29	The fight between Ser Vardis and Bronn was great, but there was one thing I found weird about the whole situation.  What exactly is Bronn supposed to be in the TV series?  In aGoT he's definitely a mercenary hired by Catelyn, so it's not particularly shocking that he'd fight for Tyrion or use dirty tactics to beat Vardis.  In the series, however, no mention is made of what exactly Bronn is.  He's rough-looking and rough-fighting, but he could pass for a hedge knight just scraping by. Lysa's court seems to be shocked at how dishonorably he fights, "no way for a knight" I think gets said at some point.  So I thought that whole bit was weird.If Bronn's relationship with Catelyn is ever formalized, we aren't privy to that fact.  As far as we know, he is a sellsword who has fallen in with her.  It may be she does 'hire' him, but it may be like the freeriders who attach themselves to the Royal Train, he's just going along hoping for a reward.  At the bottom of the route up to the Eyrie, she specifically notes that he has not acknowledged her authority, so I suspect the latter is more likely.
69	Ealdorman Halasahr	2011-05-30	Clearly a good episode. 8 out of 10, no problem.
But as my friend pointed out: When a king goes hunting, how many people does he bring with him? One guard, one wineskin holder, and ...? Well, how many would you bring if you were a king? (My suggestion was that the HBO budget for the episode had run its course, and that they couldn't include an entire entourage.)
70	Steelwitch	2011-10-02	This is the episode that I've watched, and re-watched a bazillion times!!  My VERY favorite.....I knew Viserys was in trouble when he came to the party drunk.....With. A. Sword.  
I could watch Drogo over and over also.....I mean really......    "A crown for king" never sounded sweeter than in Dothraki.........
71	Chelly	2012-01-31	I just want to say that the golden crown was one of the most satisfying deaths for a character I strongly disliked ever.
72	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-12-09	good episode, but not my favourite... there's no Jon and Ned is in pain /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
73	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	I know they have to cut out a lot of minor details in this show, leaving only important stuff, but I kind of wish they would be more subtle on some of these things. When Ned started reading from that lineage book and ended with "Joffrey Baratheon, gold of head" I couldn't help but roll my eyes a little bit. I think we get it.
Two other things that stood out:
-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.
-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?
Thoughts?
74	Ghost Cat	2011-05-23	I agree. Sometimes I feel like the viewers are being beaten about the head with information. We're being obviously led down the garden path.
Hints in the book are sledgehammers in the series. It seems like the last person to figure anything out is poor Nedd. 
Just because it's a different medium and story lines need to portrayed differently doesn't necessarily mean that the viewers need to be treated like children and not allowed to figure anything out for themselves.
That said though, I'm enjoying the series immensely. It won't be fun to watch if I get bogged down by the details I don't like.
75	Maester Cressan	2011-05-23	I thought Littlefinger's "whispers" to Ned more heavy handed.
But it's probably all necessary.  Not everyone can follow the story without some hand holding.
76	Andhaira	2011-05-23	Heavy handed, like the tolling of some great bell.
77	Songlian	2011-05-23	Very heavy-handed. 
Besides what the OP mentioned, I would also add Loras & Renly going all kissy eyed, then Littlefinger making rather obvious jokes at the tourney about the latter "having" the former. By the time they showed those two shaving, I think no one doubted the nature of their relationship, whereas in the books it took how long until it was obvious? Much longer, anyway.  
It's still a good show, though.
78	Loras	2011-05-23	This was the first episode where Aerys' murder of Ned's father wasn't brought up - thankfully!
79	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-23	I thought Littlefinger's "whispers" to Ned more heavy handed.But it's probably all necessary.  Not everyone can follow the story without some hand holding.Yeah Littlefinger's stage-whispers had me cracking up and rolling my eyes simultaneously.
80	cypselus	2011-05-23	We've read the books.  My wife, who hasn't, didn't catch on to Joffrey et al. being Jaime's children until last night's episode when Ned was going through the book of lineages.  "(paraphrasing) Why's he going on about the hair?  Ohhhh.  Joffrey is Jaime's son!"  So it may seem heavy-handed to us, but not to the median viewer.  Though I tend to agree about Theon.  We get it.  Oh curse your sudden yet inevitable betrayal!
81	Damocles	2011-05-23	It's been ridiculously heavy-handed. But eh, about what you'd expect from a script gone over by some film school grad and a marketing exec. 
I mean, it's clear they spent as much money as they could have on the show, but much of it still comes off as cheap. That's just the medium of television.
Compare and contrast what they've done with 'Game of Thrones', with a series like 'Rome'. They managed to do Rome on a similarly limited budget, but in such a way as to make it feel far more epic, complete with a truly epic battle. Not to mention, the combat was far more brutal and kinetic, than they've managed to show.
					
					
							Edited by Damocles, 23 May 2011 - 09:36 AM.
82	Frumpus	2011-05-23	I think that was a needed detail because how else are viewers who haven't read the books supposed to connect the dots? That was actually a pretty good scene for Ned to come to that realization.
83	Abaddon	2011-05-23	It's been ridiculously heavy-handed. But eh, about what you'd expect from a script gone over by some film school grad and a marketing exec.I have to LOL at the random anonymous Internet poster with no established credibility whatsoever taking shots like this.  Well done, I am sure they really feel the sting of that one.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
84	Ckrisz	2011-05-23	It's been ridiculously heavy-handed. But eh, about what you'd expect from a script gone over by some film school grad and a marketing exec. I mean, it's clear they spent as much money as they could have on the show, but much of it still comes off as cheap. That's just the medium of television.Compare and contrast what they've done with 'Game of Thrones', with a series like 'Rome'. They managed to do Rome on a similarly limited budget, but in such a way as to make it feel far more epic, complete with a truly epic battle. Not to mention, the combat was far more brutal and kinetic, than they've managed to show.Eh ... what? Where was the epic battle in Rome that was actually onscreen? The only one I really remember was Pharsalus, and that was embarassingly awful (not the personal fights, which were pretty good). The only one I liked was the first one, where Pullo dived into the Germanic crowd.
85	Aoife	2011-05-23	Compare and contrast what they've done with 'Game of Thrones', with a series like 'Rome'. They managed to do Rome on a similarly limited budget, but in such a way as to make it feel far more epic, complete with a truly epic battle. Not to mention, the combat was far more brutal and kinetic, than they've managed to show.Well, I know that the purchasing power is different in the two shows' filming locations, and AFAIK the final GoT budget figures haven't been released to the public. Nonetheless, GoT's public budget is $50-$60 million for 10 episodes, and Rome's was $100-$110 million for 12 (slightly shorter) episodes. That's a big difference, even given the PP disparity. I'll grant that I'm not sure it'd have a big impact on the nature of the combat shown so far -- but we also have yet to see any actual battle. Maybe they saved it up for the Whispering Wood, or for the Green Fork, which we know is still coming.Edited: Rome was amazing, but they didn't manage a season on $100.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 23 May 2011 - 10:59 AM.
86	Valmy	2011-05-23	The medium requires things be done less subtely.  Even with the increased exposition I still bet alot of people find the whole thing confusing at times.
It is hard to imagine what it would be like to see this thing without having read the books.
87	JJxvi	2011-05-23	It's been ridiculously heavy-handed. But eh, about what you'd expect from a script gone over by some film school grad and a marketing exec. I mean, it's clear they spent as much money as they could have on the show, but much of it still comes off as cheap. That's just the medium of television.Compare and contrast what they've done with 'Game of Thrones', with a series like 'Rome'. They managed to do Rome on a similarly limited budget, but in such a way as to make it feel far more epic, complete with a truly epic battle. Not to mention, the combat was far more brutal and kinetic, than they've managed to show.Rome was big budget. They spent more than double on the first season of Rome than Game of Thrones first season budget. Rome is one of the most expensive per episode produictions ever with the big war miniseries like The Pacific and Band of Brothers, and maybe Deadwood.
88	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-23	Well, my brother and his friends haven't read the books and they haven't found it particularly heavy handed. With so many characters to learn and plot threads to keep track off, I think they've done a good job making a series that regular people who haven't pored over the books hundreds of times can enjoy and follow without feeling as though they are lost and not understanding a lot.
89	Vuron	2011-05-23	It has to be heavy handed due to the medium of TV.  It becomes hard to follow subtle clues when you condense 6 chapters into one episode and only air 1 per week.  Have you read or watched any of the reviews/discussions from non-book readers?  There are still a large number of people that don't know the names of some of the main characters or how they're related to each other.
Is it better to get the Renly/Loras relationship out of the way now or to have a scene in every episode that hints at it.  Personally, I'd like to see the major plots of the story shown on the screen instead than to have a large number of scenes hinting at all the revelations that will be revealed later... most of which aren't important to the overall story.
90	valacirca	2011-05-23	There are some heavy-handed parts (*cough* Renly *cough* Loras *cough*), but overall the TV show is being as heavy-handed as it needs to be. In consideration of the non-reader audience and the fact that we're watching an hour-long TV show that attempts to adapt roughly 80 pages off a book each week, the show is doing a great job in being subtle (or not) as the need arises.  
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 23 May 2011 - 11:21 AM.
91	Bronn Stone	2011-05-23	One bit from episode six seemed totally out of place.  When LF asked Eddard 'isn't a fish the sigil of your wife's house' or some such.  Silly, when LF was brought up there and Eddard could hardly forget.  A less clumsy comment could have conveyed the same information  "A direct slap in the face of your wife's father - his own sigil".  Still a bit unnatural, but far less so.
I do think they are handling the biggest mystery pretty well - "?+?=J".  There are hints but not sledge hammers.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 23 May 2011 - 11:21 AM.
92	valacirca	2011-05-23	^ Actually from that same scene, I thought the part that was heavy-handed was LF naming The Mountain/Gregor after saying (aside) to Ned: "Now don't we know someone who fits that description?" I don't think we needed LF to spell that out.
93	JJxvi	2011-05-23	I took those as LF being cheeky to Ned rather than actual attempts at helpful comments.
					
					
							Edited by JJxvi, 23 May 2011 - 11:30 AM.
94	Huan	2011-05-23	I took those as LF being cheeky to Ned rather than actual attempts at helpful comments.I agree. I saw it as Littlefinger goading Ned to do something really stupid, such as antagonizing Tywin Lannister, rather than spelling it out for the audience.
95	mouse	2011-05-23	I would say it's not heavy-handed. Things mentioned in this thread as seeming heavy-handed to readers are precisely where I've had to pause the TiVo to explain things to my husband. (Who is a pretty smart guy.)
96	Lone	2011-05-23	I'd say it's relatively heavy-handed, compared to the books. And I don't buy the excuse that it "needs" to be. People would "need" to pay more attention if it was done right, instead of just watching the sparks fly and waiting for the next gratuitous sex scene.
American audiences are kinda slow, though... and TV panders to the common denominator. It's not surprising at all that we're being beat over the head with "hints" and "details." This is HBO, after all. 
That all said, I'm still enjoying myself. But it's somewhat of a mindless enjoyment.
97	aimlessgun	2011-05-23	-Theon: Agree here. It won't even seem like a betrayal at this point. It will just seem like Theon simply got free from captivity. And it will make Robb look like a complete moron for sending him (and he didn't seem so smart doing that in the books). -Dragon eggs: were there doubts about whether they would hatch in the books? (serious question, I don't remember what I thought). -Talking through the hair: It had to be said out loud at some point. I don't think this was a bad way to do it. I took those as LF being cheeky to Ned rather than actual attempts at helpful comments.Yeah, it felt like Petyr being a dick as opposed to just being info for the viewer.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 23 May 2011 - 12:20 PM.
98	kungtotte	2011-05-23	-Dragon eggs: were there doubts about whether they would hatch in the books? (serious question, I don't remember what I thought). Yes, there were doubts. Illyrio says they are turned to stone, and that's what everybody believes. Dany begins to suspect that something is up since she notices that the eggs react to heat/fire, but when she questions her maids and Mormont about it they say she is imagining it.Nobody but Dany believes that the eggs will hatch.
99	Alia	2011-05-23	Yes, there were doubts. Illyrio says they are turned to stone, and that's what everybody believes. Dany begins to suspect that something is up since she notices that the eggs react to heat/fire, but when she questions her maids and Mormont about it they say she is imagining it.Nobody but Dany believes that the eggs will hatch.I think he meant doubts from readers. I think a lot of readers probably assumed the eggs would hatch at some point, even though the actual scene when it happened had its own surprises. I think it would have been much more surprising if the eggs were indeed only stones though I'm glad they weren't.
100	Mad Queen	2011-05-23	I took those as LF being cheeky to Ned rather than actual attempts at helpful comments.A lot of non-readers thought so too. Maybe we're just biased, but that scene annoyed me. I don't understand why a few people are saying the show is better than the books.
101	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-23	It's a pretty funny contradiction that we have fans saying that the show moves along too fast for the non-reader audience to get it, and we have fans saying that the show is too heavy-handed. The truth is probably in the middle with the first group underestimating the non-readers perception, and the second group underestimating how much their experience changes their own perceptions. It's of course not the most subtle of TV shows but my own experience with the non-readers (people I know and things I watch/read on the internet) is also that they get everything important but the general viewers aren't seeing much of what's coming before it hits them other than guesses from standard storytelling etc.The show is putting out a ton of information (the TS's notion that they have only left the important parts is just wrong in my view) and it's obvious that the non-readers won't grasp everything without watching it a few times. The show must thus point on the important parts more so what the non-readers grasp is sure to include everything important. A reader will of course already know everything so grasping the information is far easier for them, which means that the emphasis on the important details will be much more blatant. The same goes for the book where you're sure to miss several details on the first time but things get much easier on a reread, despite that books are generally more subtle than TV when judging comparable works.My impression of other great shows (including other HBO ones like Rome or Deadwood) has often been that when I've watched them a second time with someone that's seeing it for the first time I often felt unsure if I just missed things (now that they seem so apparent) and always fear that the other viewer is going to pick up on everything just because everything is so much more obvious on the second run. Of course they never do, it's just my perception that's altered.-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.This seems a bit contradictory. You say they make him too obvious a traitor and too sympathetic. Since when is treachery a sympathetic deed? Theon is a hostage in both book and show, that's no different. Unless they change it in the show he didn't intend to betray Robb either, until his father had different ideas and Theon found out that he was seen as a soft weakling that had no right to the Iron Islands. There's nothing subtle about that Theon was a risk for Robb in the book either as Catelyn is very clear about how foolish it was to send Theon instead of someone else.
102	The King's Foot	2011-05-23	I do think they are handling the biggest mystery pretty well - "?+?=J".  There are hints but not sledge hammers.What hints are you picking up on?  I haven't seen anything at all other than Ned and Robert's picnic conversation during the Kingsroad episode, where we hear the version that Ned told Robert.I'm actually really bummed about the lack of ToJ flashbacks, b/c once Ned is dead I'm not sure how they'll introduce the concept of Jon's parentage (unless, of course we (most of us) are all wrong about R+L=J).  It would have to be something from the Reeds which isn't in the books (yet), since Howland is the only other survivor of the ToJ fight.
103	howland_reed	2011-05-23	^ Actually from that same scene, I thought the part that was heavy-handed was LF naming The Mountain/Gregor after saying (aside) to Ned: "Now don't we know someone who fits that description?" I don't think we needed LF to spell that out.This is one of those few times where I feel the show could've done better by showing instead of telling.The runtime for Episode 6 was 52 minutes, instead of the usual 55-56, so they had some extra time to spare.  What harm would it be to show the Mountain actually pillaging the commoners?  Then there wouldn't have been a need for Littlefinger to connect the dots for the casual audience.My best guess is that such a scene would have been too expensive/costly for what ultimately amounts to being just a filler.
104	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't he go to his father with every intention of trying to enlist his aid for Robb, and doesn't he argue against his father at first? It's only until later after he's taken that one settlement on the coast where he's like "Fuck this, I'm going to Winterfell."
105	Sword in the Morning	2011-05-23	Reading a book and watching a tv show are two very different experiences. On a show, there's so much going on that they kind of have to draw attention to the important points if they want their audience to understand what's going on.
In the Philo chat last night, there were several people who hadn't read the books who STILL weren't quite sure what all was going on.
I think a lot of people on this site are overly critical, confusing their own expectations with how the show *should* be. Instead of dissecting it all, why not just enjoy the ride? We're finally getting to see a visual depiction of a book series we love, and there's no possible way to translate it directly to the screen without a series of name tags, unlimited screen time, an infinite budget and a never-ending supply of the world's best actors.
106	Drowned Princess	2011-05-23	Call it heavy handed if you like, but I guarantee you not one person watching who hasn't read the books has any idea what the hell is going on with Bran and the three-eyed crow. We do, cos we've read the books. Everyone else probably just thinks he's going loopy. 
I don't think they're doing too badly. Everyone here has had years to re-read and dissect the books. The average evening telly viewer gets less than an hour once a week. The every first time I read the books they were hard to follow, you had to keep going back and refreshing bits to remember what happened because there was so much detail and so many important events occurred offstage. If I was watching without the benefit of prior knowledge i'd need as many whacks with clubs of information as possible.
107	Icebreaker	2011-05-23	The LF/Ned scene was really weak. He was over the top with his hints, it's not like Ned is slow or stupid so he has to spell everything out for him. Also, that villager's descriptions of Gregor's actions in the Riverlands were too much. Burning children alive? Really? Anyways, I understand that HBO is aiming for a broader audience so I can withstand lack of subtetly in most of the scenes, although some were really brutal - like Renly and Loras in 5th episode.
108	Drowned Princess	2011-05-23	I actually think they're being hilariously over-gory, which sits well with the books. It started with Ned's beheading of the deserter, when the camera didn't cut away when I expected it to. It carried on with Summer ripping the Bran-assassin's throat out, when you get a lovely close-up of the blood pulsing out of his body, and continued with poor Ser Hugh choking on his own blood for a quite ridiculously long time. And then the horse! The horse! I burst out laughing.
(Apparently when I was a very very young child - maybe two or three - and my aunt and older cousins would babysit me, the two boys - who were perhaps eleven and fourteen by this point - would put on the nastiest, bloodiest horror films they could find, proper 80s gore-fests, and make me watch them. And I would laugh and laugh like it was the funniest thing i'd ever seen. So they'd get bored that I wasn't crying and turn them off. And I'd ask to watch them over again.)
109	mouse	2011-05-23	I still maintain the scene with Ned & Littlefinger is only "heavy-handed" if you know what is about to happen. For non-readers, it's an information dump. Non-readers likely don't know that the sigil of the Tully house has anything to do with fish, so the significance of the bag of fish guts is just a mystery. Non-readers mgiht pick up that a really big guy who is able to cut off his horses head is the same really big guy who did the same thing last week, but they likely don't know that Gregor is considered affiliated with the Lannisters. Watching that scene, my husband asked me to explain what had just happened.
110	Bronn Stone	2011-05-23	I still maintain the scene with Ned & Littlefinger is only "heavy-handed" if you know what is about to happen. For non-readers, it's an information dump. Non-readers likely don't know that the sigil of the Tully house has anything to do with fish, so the significance of the bag of fish guts is just a mystery. Non-readers mgiht pick up that a really big guy who is able to cut off his horses head is the same really big guy who did the same thing last week, but they likely don't know that Gregor is considered affiliated with the Lannisters. Watching that scene, my husband asked me to explain what had just happened.I can see that a reminder that the Tully sigil is a trout was probably a good thing.  But it has to work in context.   Littlefinger in great earnestness saying "Fish.  The sigil of House Tully.  That's your wife's house, my Lord Hand."  does not qualify.   As if Littlefinger is telling him something he doesn't already know.  New viewers may well need to hear that again, but there is absolutely no reason for Littlefinger to word it so stupidly and awkwardly.Had Littlefinger said, "Fish.  Your wife's father's own sigil. Practically thrown in his face!", the infodump happens but at least LF is saying something in the ballpark of a thing he might actually say.  The lines as broadcast are clumsy, graceless and heavy-handed.
111	80r	2011-05-23	I'm going to agree with everyone on here that actually knows people watching, who haven't read the books.  There are simply too many characters for people to understand, without the show being heavy-handed.  One of my friends understands, but he's had to watch each episode more than once.  The rest keep asking me for clarification.  50 minutes per week simply isn't enough to afford to be subtle.
112	howland_reed	2011-05-23	One place where I wish they'd been more subtle is with Theon.
Non-book reader friends of mine have already surmised that he's going to turn on the Starks.
I remember being completely thrown off by Theon's betrayal (and in fact, after finishing GoT the first time, I don't think I even recalled who he was).  I think the show should've kept that same mysteriousness, and really develop his character S2.
As for the heavy-handedness with Dany's eggs, I think that's necessary solely cause of the fact that they don't want the final birthing scene (and ditto with Dany stepping into the fire) to seem absolutely ridiculous and come out of nowhere.  Things like magic on this show need to be introduced pretty delicately.
113	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-23	^ Actually from that same scene, I thought the part that was heavy-handed was LF naming The Mountain/Gregor after saying (aside) to Ned: "Now don't we know someone who fits that description?" I don't think we needed LF to spell that out.I assumed it was LF being a dick, which was entirely within character?
114	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-23	The LF/Ned scene was really weak. He was over the top with his hints, it's not like Ned is slow or stupid so he has to spell everything out for him. Also, that villager's descriptions of Gregor's actions in the Riverlands were too much. Burning children alive? Really? Anyways, I understand that HBO is aiming for a broader audience so I can withstand lack of subtetly in most of the scenes, although some were really brutal - like Renly and Loras in 5th episode.I'd have agreed with you except see what happens to Ned shortly after this, even AFTER LF spelled out the fact he was screwed to him- plus LF hates Ned. Plus none of these things that are heavy handed in the show were that subtle in tbs books- they were revealed more slowly, but the books had ages to do that. Everyone knew that Joff wasnt Robert's before Ned did, surely? Nobody thought LF was a good guy? The only one that's been far more obvious was Renly and Loras
115	Parev	2011-05-23	This whole idea of ham-handedness by the show is why I recommend people read the books first. Some things are introduced with such subtlety, and the experience of discovering them for yourself upon further reading and pondering, is something that you can't get back when you get a bunch of stuff handed to you by watching the show. (Or get beat over the head with, e.g. Renly & Loras)
116	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	The LF/Ned scene was really weak. He was over the top with his hints, it's not like Ned is slow or stupid so he has to spell everything out for him. Also, that villager's descriptions of Gregor's actions in the Riverlands were too much. Burning children alive? Really?It's Gregor Clegane.
117	Skillet	2011-05-23	One place where I wish they'd been more subtle is with Theon.Non-book reader friends of mine have already surmised that he's going to turn on the Starks.I remember being completely thrown off by Theon's betrayal (and in fact, after finishing GoT the first time, I don't think I even recalled who he was).  I think the show should've kept that same mysteriousness, and really develop his character S2.This is one of the places where I think the direction of the show points to clues about the future of the book series. I had wondered about that when I first started watching the show. Only GRRM knows how it is all going to end, so he knows what must be properly introduced to viewers. For example, my current guess is that the absence of Ned's dreams/flashbacks in the show probably means that all of the posters who dwell on R+L=J might have it completely wrong and are severely overestimating the importance of Ned's book thoughts. On the other hand, if future episodes throw in references to "Promise me Ned" then maybe I'll change my mind.  With regards to Theon, after reading AGoT I assumed he was a minor character at best. During ACoK I figured I was wrong and he would actually turn out to be important. By the end of ACoK he is seemingly killed off, and I assumed I was mistaken after all, and that in fact he was just a temporary storyline. Now I have to change my mind a third time. From watching the TV series, it seems clear that GRRM has something important in mind for Theon. There's no way the show would have focused so much attention on him just to set up his initial betrayal. I think his storyline is going to continue until the bitter end.
118	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	ADWD Spoiler
	Spoiler You do know he is a POV in A Dance with Dragons don't you?

					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 24 May 2011 - 01:37 AM.
							
								Spoiler-tagging ADWD stuff.  Not everyone (mods included) wants to know about ADWD in advance.
119	Kalbear	2011-05-23	You do know that's a spoiler for the book series, right?
120	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	I assumed everyone knew that by now.
121	valacirca	2011-05-24	I assumed it was LF being a dick, which was entirely within character?Yes, but "Now don't we know someone who fits that description?" is enough to show him being a dick and goading Ned. I just felt that actually naming that person-who-fits-the-description as Gregor afterwards was the heavy-handed part, as if Ned and the viewers won't be able to figure it out.But I'd admit that's just nitpicking. I loved the episode. I wasn't crazy about that scene in the throne room (same as the chapter where it was taken from), but I loved the episode nonetheless.
122	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	I assumed everyone knew that by now.The FAQ for the Forum makes good reading.
123	aeu	2011-05-24	-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?No, but I think this became apparent pretty quickly in the books as well. Virtually every early Dany chapter has a part where she thinks about the eggs, feels movement in the eggs, sees Dragon dreams, etc..Compare and contrast what they've done with 'Game of Thrones', with a series like 'Rome'. They managed to do Rome on a similarly limited budget, but in such a way as to make it feel far more epic, complete with a truly epic battle. Not to mention, the combat was far more brutal and kinetic, than they've managed to show.Rome had an epic battle? I don't remember that at all, though I do remember one decidedly anti-epic battle. They had not even tried to show a realistic battle, just zoomed on Brutus and shook the camera a little bit. Not that I'm criticizing them, they probably said "it's TV, we are not making a huge battle seem real, so we will make it clear that we are not trying and failing." That's fine by me, but that does not make an epic battle scene.The fight scenes were generally good though. Also, that villager's descriptions of Gregor's actions in the Riverlands were too much. Burning children alive? In the books, Gregor burns people alive inside a keep when he is pillaging.
124	johnnysd	2011-05-24	I know they have to cut out a lot of minor details in this show, leaving only important stuff, but I kind of wish they would be more subtle on some of these things. When Ned started reading from that lineage book and ended with "Joffrey Baratheon, gold of head" I couldn't help but roll my eyes a little bit. I think we get it.Two other things that stood out:-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?Thoughts?Disagree I think it plays extremely similar to the books. You KNOW the answers so it seems more heavy handed and repetitive than it is. The books are actually much much more heavy handed we just notice it less.
125	johnnysd	2011-05-24	I know they have to cut out a lot of minor details in this show, leaving only important stuff, but I kind of wish they would be more subtle on some of these things. When Ned started reading from that lineage book and ended with "Joffrey Baratheon, gold of head" I couldn't help but roll my eyes a little bit. I think we get it.Two other things that stood out:-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?Thoughts?Disagree I think it plays extremely similar to the books. You KNOW the answers so it seems more heavy handed and repetitive than it is. The books are actually much much more heavy handed we just notice it less.
126	Trinket	2011-05-24	The show is very heavy handed. And I don't agree that it has to be because of the medium. It is a complex plot involving many people, but the information that the viewer needs can be conveyed in less blatant manner, such as valacirca suggests. 
Having your characters talk loud to themselves in order to get the idea across (like in the dark of hair part) is pretty poor, imo, even if I really like the series (and of course the books). I doubt I would have enjoyed the series this much if I hadn't read the books though, considering the heavy handedness. Having to spell things out easily comes across as silly.
127	Anomandaris86	2011-05-24	In the books, Gregor burns people alive inside a keep when he is pillaging.Not to mention that we already know he is capable of dashing a baby's head against the wall and then raping and killing the baby's mother with its brains and blood still on his hands. There's pretty much nothing Gregor is incapable of doing.Anyway, as far as the Riverland raiding is concerned, Tywin admits that the purpose of it was to draw Ned out into battle. As such, making it brutal is more likely to get Ned's attention, and I'm sure Tywin knew this. For all we know, he gave special instruction to Gregor to be particularly brutal.Disagree I think it plays extremely similar to the books. You KNOW the answers so it seems more heavy handed and repetitive than it is. The books are actually much much more heavy handed we just notice it less.I think the issue is that the books have so many extra details in them that it isn't always apparent which ones are really important. So while they may have the same amount of "heavy-handedness" on certain things as the show, they naturally don't come across as such due to simple dilution. Of course for the show they have to trim a lot of fat. Maybe this is unavoidable due to the medium but I still think there are a few things they could have done better.On the other side though, they seem to be "lighter-handed" on some of the other things. Like Littlefinger. They seem to really want his betrayal to come as a surprise. They've had plenty oppurtunities for Tyrion to say that the dagger isn't his and that he would never bet against Jaime, but those have been carefully omitted. Which means he also doesn't get to call Littlefinger out: "I'll have you know, Lady Stark, that it is not your hand he speaks of..." So they're definitely wanting people to think Littlefinger is on the side of the Starks. In the books it was fairly obvious that Littlefinger was full of shit, at least as far as the dagger was concerned.
128	fall from grace	2011-05-24	It's a pretty funny contradiction that we have fans saying that the show moves along too fast for the non-reader audience to get it, and we have fans saying that the show is too heavy-handed. The truth is probably in the middle with the first group underestimating the non-readers perception, and the second group underestimating how much their experience changes their own perceptions. It's of course not the most subtle of TV shows but my own experience with the non-readers (people I know and things I watch/read on the internet) is also that they get everything important but the general viewers aren't seeing much of what's coming before it hits them other than guesses from standard storytelling etc.The show is putting out a ton of information (the TS's notion that they have only left the important parts is just wrong in my view) and it's obvious that the non-readers won't grasp everything without watching it a few times. The show must thus point on the important parts more so what the non-readers grasp is sure to include everything important. A reader will of course already know everything so grasping the information is far easier for them, which means that the emphasis on the important details will be much more blatant. The same goes for the book where you're sure to miss several details on the first time but things get much easier on a reread, despite that books are generally more subtle than TV when judging comparable works.My impression of other great shows (including other HBO ones like Rome or Deadwood) has often been that when I've watched them a second time with someone that's seeing it for the first time I often felt unsure if I just missed things (now that they seem so apparent) and always fear that the other viewer is going to pick up on everything just because everything is so much more obvious on the second run. Of course they never do, it's just my perception that's altered.This seems a bit contradictory. You say they make him too obvious a traitor and too sympathetic. Since when is treachery a sympathetic deed? Theon is a hostage in both book and show, that's no different. Unless they change it in the show he didn't intend to betray Robb either, until his father had different ideas and Theon found out that he was seen as a soft weakling that had no right to the Iron Islands. There's nothing subtle about that Theon was a risk for Robb in the book either as Catelyn is very clear about how foolish it was to send Theon instead of someone else.I agree. I really don't think I could follow half of what is going on in the TV series, if I hadn't read the books. I think things have to be more obvious, if the television audience even has a chance of keeping up with the plots. I hear a lot of complaints about the Theon story line, but I was uncertain of who he was until about halfway through book one, so it seemed like his story came out of nowhere in book two. I really like how they have developed Theon more in the TV series. Yeah, it won't be much of a surprise when Theon turns on the Starks, but was it ever really a surprise? Catelyn never wanted Rob to send Theon as the messenger. Also, I think it is good to make Theon more sympathetic. Winterfell is not his home - he doesn't have a place there, but then come to find out, he no longer has a place at his real home, either. Dunno, it works for me.As far as Ned reading the book aloud, I didn't see it as being heavy handed. I assume it was that *he* finally got it. I would think that the television audience would have clued in before then, seeing that we were privy to what Bran caught Jamie and Cersei doing at Winterfell. The few people I know that haven't read the books, but are watching the TV series, pretty much got that right off the bat. Ned was the one who needed a child to point out the obvious. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
129	spikebrennan	2011-05-24	I took those as LF being cheeky to Ned rather than actual attempts at helpful comments.I agree.  My take on LF's comments to Ned was that LF has so little respect for Ned's cognitive ability that he feels that he has to lead Ned down the garden path to the conclusion and the result that LF wants.
130	Vestrit	2011-05-24	Hmm, think some of you are being a touch too critical here.I agree that the handling of Loras - Renly was really, really annoying and totally over-the-top.  Now, there's no way people would have picked up on it from the tv show if it was anywhere near as subtle as in the book, and the shaving scene was perhaps necessary in terms of setting up Renly's later move to be king. But the sea-change from a really subtly-handled sideline to the plot to an over top scene with slurping etc was pretty rubbish.That bit aside, I don't think the series has been over-the-top or heavy-handed. Of course it seems that way to a book-reader, but remember that whether you realise it or not, you're actively looking for the clues. Most people are just trying to absorb the story, and the clues will only make sense to them later on or on a re-watch. Viewers will miss a lot of things that are right in front of them - for example, the makers of The Sixth Sense thought that they had gone too far with their clues and had given it all away, and yet the ending still blindsided everybody. It's blindingly obvious on a re-watch, but I've yet to meet anyone who clocked it on the first watch (cue: a bunch of internet heroes saying they got it...).As for LF naming Gregor: again it may seem heavy-handed to a book reader, but without it being spelled out, how would a 'virgin' viewer connect the person being described to a character they saw briefly a few episodes ago? The horse killing is the only clue there and again you're asking for quite some recall for someone who saw that scene a few weeks back now and a lot has happened since. Leaving it at 'Don't we know someone of that description' wasn't going to be enough - the viewer would be left thinking 'Christ, I've met about 50-odd characters in the last five weeks, can you just tell me who it is?'And as for Ned reading out the entries in the lineage book: Could someone suggest how else this scene could have been handled well? A voice-over of him thinking would have been lame. He had to come to the conclusion whilst alone; having him say it out loud to another person in the room would have been too much of a departure because then you've got the question of who would he say it to. And, anyway, if they did do that, the moaners would just complain that the scene was an unnecessary info-dump... The writers can't win      :rolls eyes:
					
					
							Edited by Vestrit, 24 May 2011 - 11:28 AM.
131	Drowned Princess	2011-05-24	I agree. I saw it as Littlefinger goading Ned to do something really stupid, such as antagonizing Tywin Lannister, rather than spelling it out for the audience.I also agree with this: I just think the perceived "heavy-handedness" of the Littlefinger comments is him being a cock to Ned and ultimately patronizing Ned, trying to rub his face in it until Ned feels like he has to do something epic, even if just to shut Petyr up.
132	King_Baratheon	2011-05-24	We've read the books.  My wife, who hasn't, didn't catch on to Joffrey et al. being Jaime's children until last night's episode when Ned was going through the book of lineages.  "(paraphrasing) Why's he going on about the hair?  Ohhhh.  Joffrey is Jaime's son!"  So it may seem heavy-handed to us, but not to the median viewer.  Though I tend to agree about Theon.  We get it.  Oh curse your sudden yet inevitable betrayal!I agree, my girlfriend hasn't read any of the books and it didn't click with her until the "Joffrey Baratheon, Gold of hair." I think it's easy for us to say they're over-doing everything that was subtle in the books, but that's TV folks. I think the same thing is going to apply to the Theon situation. It's a surprise in the books, but there was always underlying resentment lingering around; of course TV is going to have to make this obvious. Remember that they are sprinting through the story here people.
133	Ramsay Bolton	2011-05-24	I'm not sure you completely understand the differences between a TV series and a book.
Nor do I think you have the proper perspective to make that claim, having read the book and knowing everything beforehand.
134	jellydonut	2011-05-24	I know they have to cut out a lot of minor details in this show, leaving only important stuff, but I kind of wish they would be more subtle on some of these things. When Ned started reading from that lineage book and ended with "Joffrey Baratheon, gold of head" I couldn't help but roll my eyes a little bit. I think we get it.Two other things that stood out:-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?Thoughts?I don't think so. You should confer with someone who hasn't read any of the books to see their perspective.I watched four episodes of the show before reading all the books (watching episode 5 whilst reading), and the way I experience the show has definitely changed.They *especially* need to be particular about pointing out Theon. I've read comments as late as after episode 5 where people think he's one of the Stark children. (probably because Rickon has had, what, one scene, and wasn't even named in it)
135	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	It was "Joffrey Baratheon...golden haired" not "gold of hair". Not that it makes a difference, but I thought the change in syntax made the difference more noticeable.
136	Cereal Forel	2011-05-24	Have you guys read the books? Ned is definitely as dumb as Littlefinger makes him out to be. He's only a notch above Hodor, and that's because he can say more than his name.
137	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	Have you guys read the books? Ned is definitely as dumb as Littlefinger makes him out to be. He's only a notch above Hodor, and that's because he can say more than his name.Read AND understood.  Dozens of times.  Thus came to the opposite conclusion.  The correct one.   Eddard has no heart for plotting and trusted Littlefinger, but that doesn't put him the Hodor category.  Not even close.  Brains-wise, he's in the middle of the pack in Westeros.
138	SFA-OK	2011-05-25	I have to agree. It's definitely more corny than the books and I can't blame that on the budget. Some of the writing on the show just isn't that good. 
I really think the way they've handled this show so far is a reflection of current movies and shows, which isn't a good thing - play it safe, dumb it down, throw in some cliches, keep the pacing fast, etc. I'm still enjoying the show but it could definitely be better. At times the show really feels like a current Hollywood fantasy/action movie but with better source material, nothing really stands out so far. 
I do have to disagree about the portrayal of Theon, though. He's been portrayed as a Grade A douche since the first episode. I never viewed him as a total douche like that until later on when he's rejected by his father and basically snaps. I think if they'd taken more of a neutral approach to the character early on it would've been much more interesting.
139	SFA-OK	2011-05-25	Have you guys read the books? Ned is definitely as dumb as Littlefinger makes him out to be. He's only a notch above Hodor, and that's because he can say more than his name.I totally disagree. Ned is like a fish out of water in King's Landing and it's not because he'd dumb, maybe naive, but definitely not dumb. His character seems to actually value honor and integrity which is the opposite of most of the people he deals with in King's Landing, who are constantly back-stabbing and conspiring against each other (Game of thrones, etc.).
140	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-25	I know they have to cut out a lot of minor details in this show, leaving only important stuff, but I kind of wish they would be more subtle on some of these things. When Ned started reading from that lineage book and ended with "Joffrey Baratheon, gold of head" I couldn't help but roll my eyes a little bit. I think we get it.Two other things that stood out:-Theon getting pissed on and constantly reminded of his hostage status. His betrayal won't come as any great surprise. Also removing him kicking the head makes him seem a lot more sympathetic than he actually is.-The dragon eggs. Is there any doubt that they won't hatch at this point?Thoughts?My husband has not gotten any of these things.  As a non-reader and a "casual" watcher of tv shows, he needs the heavy handiness.  He, like so many others, has not read the books and not spent the past 15 years analyzing every word in the books.The question is simple:  who is the tv show for?  avid fans only or everyone.
141	Abaddon	2011-05-25	The question is simple:  who is the tv show for?  avid fans only or everyone.Well said; but "everyone" should be "everyone except the 5% of fans that can't realize this is an adaptation of the books, not the books transcribed literally on-screen".
142	Valmy	2011-05-25	My husband has not gotten any of these things.  As a non-reader and a "casual" watcher of tv shows, he needs the heavy handiness.  He, like so many others, has not read the books and not spent the past 15 years analyzing every word in the books.Alot of critics have said the show is too complicated and hard to follow as it is.
143	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-25	My brother a non-reader was totally shocked by the revelation that Joffrey was a child of incest, so that makes another one. I thought they did a great job with that reveal.
144	BlackTalon	2011-05-26	.....
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 26 May 2011 - 07:29 AM.
145	Cereal Forel	2011-05-26	Read AND understood.  Dozens of times.  Thus came to the opposite conclusion.  The correct one.   Eddard has no heart for plotting and trusted Littlefinger, but that doesn't put him the Hodor category.  Not even close.  Brains-wise, he's in the middle of the pack in Westeros.Ned trusting Littlefinger was only one of the mistakes he made. You can call it whatever you want, Ned is potentially the most dimwitted lord in Westeros.Littlefinger didn't betray Ned because of who he was, he did it because Ned served himself up on a silver platter to Cersei and then turned down Renly's offer. Who knows, Littlefinger may have had every intention of helping him until Cersei came and paid him a truckload of gold.
146	Xenophon	2011-05-26	I think the show's been fine.  Occasionally it gets a bit much (for example, LF stage-whispering at Ned in the Throne Room), but most of the time it's fine.  In a 1-hour show, things are naturally going to stand out more than in a massive book.
Also, like others have said, it's pretty helpful for people who don't know the story already.  I've watched a few episodes with my wife who hasn't read the books, and more with a friend who also doesn't know the story, and the only things they think are heavy-handed are the frequent shots of the dragon eggs and the totally unnecessary bits nudity that feel stuck in to make the show "adult" (i.e. Ros on the cart, inside LF's whorehouse, etc.)
147	Abaddon	2011-05-26	Littlefinger didn't betray Ned because of who he was, he did it because Ned served himself up on a silver platter to Cersei and then turned down Renly's offer. Who knows, Littlefinger may have had every intention of helping him until Cersei came and paid him a truckload of gold.I always thought the real problem was Stannis.  I think Littlefinger would have preferred to have Ned (so easily to manipulate) as Lord Protector, but the idea of King Stannis taking over was not something he could tolerate.  When Ned chose to back Stannis, Littlefinger's decision was made.
148	Trinket	2011-05-26	And as for Ned reading out the entries in the lineage book: Could someone suggest how else this scene could have been handled well? A voice-over of him thinking would have been lame. He had to come to the conclusion whilst alone; having him say it out loud to another person in the room would have been too much of a departure because then you've got the question of who would he say it to. And, anyway, if they did do that, the moaners would just complain that the scene was an unnecessary info-dump... The writers can't win      :rolls eyes:Show the book. Make the text in it readable and zoom in on it, show especially the lines that say "black of hair" and "golden haired", or have Ned mark them with his finger, or something. Couple that with some acting afterwards and you can perfectly well show Ned drawing conclusions about what he has read without having to do a silly voice-over or him talking to himself. That's one suggestion, which has been used in other tv shows. I'm certain not everyone will like it, but I am pretty certain there are plenty of other options if a bit of imagination was used. Thing is, imagination and preparing a good script is much harder than dumbing things down and applying stupid soap opera tricks which is why we see Ned talking to himself. You can convey just the same amount of information without resorting to the easiest possible manner of doing it.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket, 26 May 2011 - 02:53 PM.
149	Anomandaris86	2011-05-26	Littlefinger didn't betray Ned because of who he was, he did it because Ned served himself up on a silver platter to Cersei and then turned down Renly's offer. Who knows, Littlefinger may have had every intention of helping him until Cersei came and paid him a truckload of gold.Um, no. Littlefinger engineered the war from the very beginning. He had Lysa kill Jon Arryn and then blame it on the Lannisters, which is the whole reason Ned got sent to the capital in the first place (and is already suspicious about the Lannisters). He's also the one who convinced Joffrey (not confirmed but it's implied) to kill Ned in the first place instead of pardonning him. Of course, Ned's death was essential to the war taking place. Up until that point it could have been averted. So Littlefinger planned on his death from the get-go. He obviously wanted the war and took steps to achieve it. What he actually wants in the long run is a mystery, but for now it seems clear that he is thriving off the chaos.
150	Xenophon	2011-05-26	Show the book. Make the text in it readable and zoom in on it, show especially the lines that say "black of hair" and "golden haired", or have Ned mark them with his finger, or something. Couple that with some acting afterwards and you can perfectly well show Ned drawing conclusions about what he has read without having to do a silly voice-over or him talking to himself. That's one suggestion, which has been used in other tv shows. I'm certain not everyone will like it, but I am pretty certain there are plenty of other options if a bit of imagination was used. Thing is, imagination and preparing a good script is much harder than dumbing things down and applying stupid soap opera tricks which is why we see Ned talking to himself. You can convey just the same amount of information without resorting to the easiest possible manner of doing it.Ugh, count me in the don't like it camp. Also, reading out loud isn't that odd a habit.  In the ancient world, it was the norm, so much so that to read silently was regarded as suspicious.  Perhaps Westeros has a similar custom.
151	Bronn Stone	2011-05-26	Ned trusting Littlefinger was only one of the mistakes he made. You can call it whatever you want, Ned is potentially the most dimwitted lord in Westeros.Littlefinger didn't betray Ned because of who he was, he did it because Ned served himself up on a silver platter to Cersei and then turned down Renly's offer. Who knows, Littlefinger may have had every intention of helping him until Cersei came and paid him a truckload of gold.At the same time, every mistake Eddard made Cersei made worse.  She trusted Littlefinger with her life just as much.  She is totally at his mercy - killing her simply requires revealing her crimes and it can be done without repercussions.  Her guards and the Kingsguards she has in her pockets aren't sufficient to fight of Lord Stark's men and the Watch.  She didn't win the Game of Thrones, any more than Mexico won WW2.   She trusted Littlefinger and it didn't bite her on the arse.  But it well could have. Eddard, on the other Hand (he-he) trusted LF and died for it.  But this is a Littlefinger that almost NOBODY distrusted.  Only Varys saw beneath the mask, and Varys wasn't really talking.  Nobody suspected his involvement in Lord Arryn's death.   This is a Littlefinger, who had been like a brother to Eddard's wife; a Littlefinger who'd worked well with him up to that point.  Cersei had been around him for years (or at least months) and had no clue.  Tyrion didn't realize how dangerous he was despite the lie about the dagger (he only realized later, in ACOK) and Tyrion had much more exposure than Eddard.Hindsight is twenty-twenty, but the clues about young Lord Baelish weren't really there to be put together unless one was focused on that task alone and Eddard had bigger bastards to fry.  Petyr had masked his bitterness well.
152	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-26	My thoughts:
Littlefinger: I think his blatant whisperings are over-the-top, but not heavy-handed.  I'm sure that makes no sense, so let me 'splain.  No, there is too much; let me sum up.  So far, Littlefinger's character has not been nearly subtle enough.  He's supposed to be this sly, underhanded wheeler and dealer (in the show as well as the books), but he comes off as more of a know-it-all jackass.  I think those lines were meant more as a pointed remark to Ned that would make him uncomfortable.  OF COURSE Ned knows his wife's sigil.  LF is just pointing it out to make him squirm.  That's not heavy-handed, but at the same time, I don't like the way it portrays LF.  Just my opinion.
Theon: I think they've done a bit too much with Theon the last few weeks, in terms of his lower status in Winterfell.  Even in later books, references to Robb and Theon's relationship almost makes it seem brotherly.  At this point, it seems like they're setting it up for Theon to take Winterfell not because of a desperate attempt to please his father but because he's been treated like an outsider/prisoner for 10 years.  And who knows?  That might not be heavy-handedness - it may be because they want to change Theon's motivation.  Maybe they cut down a lot of the stuff between Theon and Balon.  In which case, all of this "not MY house" dialogue plays into why he does what he does next season.
The eggs: I think they're treating this fine.  It became pretty clear in the books that something was going to happen with them.  Maybe they're being a little heavy-handed here, but it's not awful.
Joffrey's lineage: I thought they played this just about perfectly, to be honest.  As soon as he said "Joffrey Baratheon: golden-haired," my non-reader friend sat up straight in his chair and was like "They're not his kids!  INCEST!"  It was fantastic.
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Grasses, 26 May 2011 - 06:57 PM.
153	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-26	Have you guys read the books? Ned is definitely as dumb as Littlefinger makes him out to be. He's only a notch above Hodor, and that's because he can say more than his name.I will throw my disagreement in here as well.  He refuses to play the game.  I think he underestimates the sheer amount of scheming done by some of the people who play the game, but he knows that the game is being played.  And he gives Robert plenty of good advice.  He's certainly not the most clever person, but just because he takes the high road doesn't mean he's dumb.  As an example - once he realizes that shit is about to hit the fan, he arranges to get his daughters to safety.  It happens to be too little, too late (although only because he is accidentally betrayed by his own daughter, and not one of the schemers).  I don't think he's dumb at all.
154	Trinket	2011-05-27	Ugh, count me in the don't like it camp. Also, reading out loud isn't that odd a habit.  In the ancient world, it was the norm, so much so that to read silently was regarded as suspicious.  Perhaps Westeros has a similar custom.You don't have to like it, it was an example of how it could be done differently because the poster asked for one. One of many possibilities.Do you really think it is or are you just rationalizing to justify a poorly written scene?  I don't think we have seen anything from the books or show except for that Ned-scene that suggests that this is a common belief and custom in Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket, 27 May 2011 - 12:56 AM.
155	Alexia	2011-05-27	Also, reading out loud isn't that odd a habit.  In the ancient world, it was the norm, so much so that to read silently was regarded as suspicious.  Perhaps Westeros has a similar custom.Well, Sansa contemptuously wonders if Joffrey moves those worm-like lips of his when he reads - which is basically her thinking that he's an uneducated idiot.  Also, Randall Tarly does move his lips when he read, which I think is supposed to help characterize his scorn for anything outside of the martial arts - particularly education.
156	howland_reed	2011-05-27	My thoughts:Littlefinger: I think his blatant whisperings are over-the-top, but not heavy-handed.  I'm sure that makes no sense, so let me 'splain.  No, there is too much; let me sum up.  So far, Littlefinger's character has not been nearly subtle enough.  He's supposed to be this sly, underhanded wheeler and dealer (in the show as well as the books), but he comes off as more of a know-it-all jackass.  I think those lines were meant more as a pointed remark to Ned that would make him uncomfortable.  OF COURSE Ned knows his wife's sigil.  LF is just pointing it out to make him squirm.  That's not heavy-handed, but at the same time, I don't like the way it portrays LF.  Just my opinion.Theon: I think they've done a bit too much with Theon the last few weeks, in terms of his lower status in Winterfell.  Even in later books, references to Robb and Theon's relationship almost makes it seem brotherly.  At this point, it seems like they're setting it up for Theon to take Winterfell not because of a desperate attempt to please his father but because he's been treated like an outsider/prisoner for 10 years.  And who knows?  That might not be heavy-handedness - it may be because they want to change Theon's motivation.  Maybe they cut down a lot of the stuff between Theon and Balon.  In which case, all of this "not MY house" dialogue plays into why he does what he does next season.The eggs: I think they're treating this fine.  It became pretty clear in the books that something was going to happen with them.  Maybe they're being a little heavy-handed here, but it's not awful.Joffrey's lineage: I thought they played this just about perfectly, to be honest.  As soon as he said "Joffrey Baratheon: golden-haired," my non-reader friend sat up straight in his chair and was like "They're not his kids!  INCEST!"  It was fantastic.I agree with all of this.  Particularly with Theon...he was just a peripheral character in the first book, but on the show, especially considering how valuable screen time is, the fact that they've been emphasizing his situation so much pretty much rang every warning bell in my non-reader friends that this guy is gonna turn on the Starks.  I understand they want to build his character and establish the motivation for his eventual turn...but I think it would've been better if they developed his character in S2, and just threw a few hints here and there with S1.  As is, it's bad enough that my friends have already surmised that he's going to betray the Starks, but now they expect it to happen this season.Also, non-readers I know had similar reaction to Ned reading directly off the lineage book.  Some had already guessed that Joffrey wasn't Robert's, but others definitely needed to be hand-held like that by the show.  I don't think some fans realize that heavy-handedness is sometimes required in a very packed show like this -- especially when dealing with a CRITICAL plot point like Joffrey's illegitimacy.
157	Vestrit	2011-05-27	Show the book. Make the text in it readable and zoom in on it, show especially the lines that say "black of hair" and "golden haired", or have Ned mark them with his finger, or something. Couple that with some acting afterwards and you can perfectly well show Ned drawing conclusions about what he has read without having to do a silly voice-over or him talking to himself. That's one suggestion, which has been used in other tv shows. I'm certain not everyone will like it, but I am pretty certain there are plenty of other options if a bit of imagination was used. Thing is, imagination and preparing a good script is much harder than dumbing things down and applying stupid soap opera tricks which is why we see Ned talking to himself. You can convey just the same amount of information without resorting to the easiest possible manner of doing it.Not sure I'm convinced and I also don't necessarily think they took the 'easiest' option; I think it's more about the most effective optionbut, hey, at least you attempted to answer my point and make a suggestion, which I appreciate
158	NW Deserter	2011-05-27	Show the book. Make the text in it readable and zoom in on it, show especially the lines that say "black of hair" and "golden haired", or have Ned mark them with his finger, or something. Couple that with some acting afterwards and you can perfectly well show Ned drawing conclusions about what he has read without having to do a silly voice-over or him talking to himself. That's one suggestion, which has been used in other tv shows. I'm certain not everyone will like it, but I am pretty certain there are plenty of other options if a bit of imagination was used. Thing is, imagination and preparing a good script is much harder than dumbing things down and applying stupid soap opera tricks which is why we see Ned talking to himself. You can convey just the same amount of information without resorting to the easiest possible manner of doing it.Sorry to play devil's advocate, but I don't think "make the text readable" is as easy as you say it is. You can't just make it a modern typeface like Times New Roman, and most of society now probably can't easily pick up on medieval script. I can imagine non-readers everywhere asking us bookies "What does that say?" which completely kills the mood.And as far as him speaking out loud, I usually do read out loud if I'm by myself and in deep thought, so it's not strange at all. And no, I'm not just trying to justify the scene (though I perhaps might be trying to justify my odd habit /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />). I really thought it worked well.
159	zippypoodle	2011-05-28	^ Actually from that same scene, I thought the part that was heavy-handed was LF naming The Mountain/Gregor after saying (aside) to Ned: "Now don't we know someone who fits that description?" I don't think we needed LF to spell that out.To me, the more interesting part of that scene is not what LF said but the fact that LF is saying it. It shows how much LF is trying to nudge to coming Lannister/Stark war into fruition. He's making sure not only that Ned makes the connection, but that everyone in the hall makes it too, thus forcing Ned to do something about it.
160	MountainThatRides	2011-05-29	The problem is that in the books, most of the revelations and plot points are revealed (or expanded upon) through the narrative. That is to say, the interior monologue of the character whose point of view the chapter is. Voice-overs for personal thought, in the visual medium, are really only acceptable for exposition, and then they are often limited to the very beginning (for introduction) or the very end (summation and epilogue). 
The fact that ASoIaF is told through the eyes of many characters is a fantastic thing, but only on the page. We get to see different perspectives, different factions, and peek into the mind and thought processes of wildly varying characters (take, for instance, the sharp tonal contrast between Tyrion and Arya chapters, even though you can tell stylistically that they're both written by the same author).
We lose all of that in the show, and those methods account for a great deal of Martin's plot pacing and dramatic tension. You see very clearly where characters realize something, or make a decision, or even recap past events to shed new light on them. The producers of the television show have to tell the same story -- and though it's condensed and trimmed down, the expansive and intricate plot seems to be staying faithfully intact -- without that. They have to use different tricks, like characters talking to themselves. The show can be fairly blunt, I'll agree, but there's no possible way they can achieve the same subtlety of the books. The story is just way too big. There needs to be a whole lot of stuff crammed into each episode to keep it moving fluidly, and they aren't going to be able to bring every hint and nuance from the page to screen. They're doing a good job thus far, and I think the show is only going to get better. The first book, in terms of story, is barely an appetizer compared to the second and third volumes.
The only thing that ever irks me is their unrelenting explanation of things that are in no way integral. Things that didn't even exist in the book. Like a certain red-headed lady of the night.
161	Timbits	2011-06-19	We've read the books.  My wife, who hasn't, didn't catch on to Joffrey et al. being Jaime's children until last night's episode when Ned was going through the book of lineages.  "(paraphrasing) Why's he going on about the hair?  Ohhhh.  Joffrey is Jaime's son!"  So it may seem heavy-handed to us, but not to the median viewer.  Yup.
162	dark  sister	2012-01-05	As someone who has read the books, certain scenes definitely seem heavy-handed, but to someone who's never read them, it might even be TOO subtle!  I tried to watch this show with my mom and she was asking me questions literally every two minutes.  I told her to just wait until the end to ask questions, and she still had so many.   She just couldn't understand it.  While she isn't the best at understanding fantasy, (but somehow she's totally fine with understanding the show The Tudors, which I think is almost as complicated) I realized while watching with her that the world of ASOIAF is just sooooooooo incredibly detailed.  Now that I think about it, I'm not sure how non-readers understand the show.
My main complaint with this episode is when Dany says OUT LOUD "Fire cannot kill a dragon" right after Viserys is killed.  I thought it sounded pretty stupid - and kinda cruel and uncaring, too.  In the book, that thought is internal.  I wish they had done a voice-over or something, b/c it's just hard to swallow someone seeing something that horrific and immediately saying that snarky comment aloud...is it just me??
Also, in general, I don't like the added scenes that aren't in the books.  I hate, HATE the sex scene where the two women are going at it and Littlefinger is talking to himself while they eat each other out -- am I the only person who cringed there? And the addition of the character/whore Roz was so unnecessary.  Those scenes accomplished absolutely nothing and added nothing to the plot - it seemed so obvious that it was a gratuitous T&A scene for people who wanted to see nudity.
The way they're portraying the 3-eyed-crow is all wrong, too.  GRRM himself said that dream sequences can seem corny on TV, but I actually think it would've been fantastic - esp when Bran sees the curtain of light, the dragons, all the other symbols, etc.  Instead we keep seeing this shot of Bran walking in the yard and seeing this crow flap over to a statue.  Any non-reader won't know wtf is going on...whereas a dream would explain things beautifully.  It makes me think that they're going to take out the 3-e-c storyline and the Reeds altogether...which would basically ruin Bran's storyline as well.
163	Jon Targ	2012-01-05	Also, in general, I don't like the added scenes that aren't in the books.  I hate, HATE the sex scene where the two women are going at it and Littlefinger is talking to himself while they eat each other out -- am I the only person who cringed there? And the addition of the character/whore Roz was so unnecessary.  Those scenes accomplished absolutely nothing and added nothing to the plot - it seemed so obvious that it was a gratuitous T&A scene for people who wanted to see nudity.That scene gave some nice background on Littlefinger and the way he works.
164	dark  sister	2012-01-05	That scene gave some nice background on Littlefinger and the way he works.They could have gotten the same point across with a Catelyn scene, where she remembers her relationship with Petyr, or talks about it, etc. etc.
165	Greywolf2375	2012-01-11	They could have gotten the same point across with a Catelyn scene, where she remembers her relationship with Petyr, or talks about it, etc. etc.There was a significant discussion back when the episode aired about how the scene didn't (or did depending on perspective) fit with the way LF works & how over the top it was.  I wasn't a fan of the scene at all.
166	dark  sister	2012-01-11	There was a significant discussion back when the episode aired about how the scene didn't (or did depending on perspective) fit with the way LF works & how over the top it was.  I wasn't a fan of the scene at all.Yea, I read an article online.  It was called "sexposition"
167	BlackTalon	2012-02-16	The vast majority of fans were very critical and vocal in their dislike of the "sexpositions" in season 1, and I didn't like them either. I'm far from prudish, but they seemed so ridiculous and contrived, often clearly added "just because sex".
 I hope there will be less of that in season 2.
168	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-03-08	As someone who actually watched the series BEFORE reading the books, this topic seems the best place to make my first post.  I actually watched the re-run of the series on Sky Atlantic over Christmas, as I had never watched the first showing.
I've read a number of posters here saying that no one who hadn't read the books would have understood Bran and the three-eyed crow.  I'm afraid I have to respectfully disagree.  It was somewhat obvious to me that here was a three-eyed crow, with (crucially) a third eye in the middle of his head - thus a symbol of psychic power/second sight.  It was also pretty obvious that Bran was dreaming about the crow and the bird was trying to lead him somewhere.  My first impression of that scene was: 'So this bird is trying to show him how to use his powers.  This kid will become psychic or something'.  I admit that I didn't know just how that was going to unfold until I read the books (after watching the re-run I was instantly hooked and read every book in the series), but I certainly did not think the reference was too subtle or obscure.
I think the scene where Lady died also helped with this - Bran awoke the moment she died, which proved he was in some way tied to the direwolves too.  He thus had an affinity with animals, and would soon develop a link with the three-eyed crow.  Once I managed to connect to Stark kids=Direwolves, I also realised why Sansa was so weak.
I do agree regarding Renly/Loras though.  The hints in the first book, when I read it, were very subtle - but by that time, of course, I was reading the book in the light of my viewing experience.
169	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-03-08	"Play with her arse." That's what cinched it for me. First time I watched it (before I'd read the books) I thought fair enough, he's a slimey douche who owns whore-houses, of course he'll speak like that. After reading the books though, and having watched it all again from this perspective, it troubles me. Everything LF does is layered in mystery and uncertainty, we never truly know anything about him or his motives. Painting him as this kind of villainous sex-king does a disservice to the subtleties of his character, makes him a less complex guy.
But I suppose I can understand it from the writer's perspective, about wanting to get these new ideas and motives across more explicitly. As MountainThatRides says, we don't have inner-monologues and thoughts to explain backstories and potential hidden agendas so these scenes are necessary to serve that. Just as they did with Pycelle at the end of the season in his scene with Ros, laying on new ideas about what this man is actually all about. But as with LF and his scenes, it completely changes our perspective of that character. At any point in the book does Pycelle come across as a maester with a fondness for whores?
Coinicdentally, Theon's worked because he does pretty much the same thing with the captain's daughter at the start of ACoK.
It's just a real shame they had to tamper with LF and Pycelle's idenitity with these "sexpositions".
170	7V3N	2012-03-09	I am surprised R+L=J was not discussed by Ros... /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
EDIT: Not to mention, "Steffon black of hair, Robert black of hair, Stannis black of hair, Renly, uh brown of hair."
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 09 March 2012 - 12:42 PM.
171	opark77	2012-03-15	I don't think the show is too heavy handed. I have introduced it to five non-readers; a cousin, my parents, my wife and a friend. Some needed things like the incestuous relationship and Eddard's realization clarified. Some were able to keep pace. I think it is challenging viewing for a non-reader but certainly understandable if attention is payed. The vast majority of fans were very critical and vocal in their dislike of the "sexpositions" in season 1, and I didn't like them either. I'm far from prudish, but they seemed so ridiculous and contrived, often clearly added "just because sex".I hope there will be less of that in season 2.I interpreted this differently. On the internet there are many very critical and vocal fans who dislike several sex scenes in season 1. How can we determine if they are the vast majority of the fan base overall?But I suppose I can understand it from the writer's perspective, about wanting to get these new ideas and motives across more explicitly. As MountainThatRides says, we don't have inner-monologues and thoughts to explain backstories and potential hidden agendas so these scenes are necessary to serve that. Just as they did with Pycelle at the end of the season in his scene with Ros, laying on new ideas about what this man is actually all about. But as with LF and his scenes, it completely changes our perspective of that character. At any point in the book does Pycelle come across as a maester with a fondness for whores?Book spoilers from A Clash of Kings
	Spoiler Tyrion finds him bed with a serving girl when he rousts him for betraying his confidence in A Clash of Kings chapter 26 Tyrion VI (page 300 in my British kindle edition), mistreating your servants is not so far removed (worse to my mind) than using whores.Pycelle is not exactly a gem of a character in the books, particularly the first one. He is a moderately skilled political player who is outshone by Varys and Littlefinger. He is a survivor above all else. He has a tendency to ramble in the book (which is only really captured in the added scene with Ros in the shwo). He lays suspicion on Varys for the death of Jon Arryn in both mediums. The adaptation managed to keep subtle acknowledgements of his loyalty to the Queen and House Lannister in the scene with the Riverlands refugees.The scene with Ros adds the depth that his frailty is largely an act (which is established later in the books) and that he is not celibate. I can't say I thought much about Pycelle's sexuality while reading the books but I don't feel that this scene changed my perspective of him at all, sleeping with whores is not out of the question for the character as established in the books because he is already breaking his vows to sleep with his serving girl. Considering that this is an adaptation  and I don't expect the characters to be identical to their book counterparts I had thought the scene was reasonably faithful to the books (the rambling and the acting frail are straight out of the books). I prefer the show's version of Pycelle as a character; he seems more interesting to me already than the book one ever did.
Interestingly Eddard does note that Pycelle's serving girl is young and slender in the chapter where he visits his solar to ask about Jon Arryn's illness (A Game of Thrones chapter 25 Eddard IV page 250 in my British Kindle edition). At the end of A Game of Thrones Pycelle conducts a physical examination of a nude Sansa (that would be considered a sexual assault under modern standards) while her serving girl holds her down (chapter 67 Sansa VI page 745).I like the Pycelle scene. The Littlefinger scene a lot less so but still a lot more than many people.
					
					
							Edited by opark77, 15 March 2012 - 07:00 AM.
172	7V3N	2012-03-15	snipPycelle being revealed to frequent the use of whores hints to how much more physically capable he is, and further stresses that his feebleness is an act.
173	opark77	2012-03-16	Pycelle being revealed to frequent the use of whores hints to how much more physically capable he is, and further stresses that his feebleness is an act.I agree that it shows his hidden physical capability.On a side note, why quote me if you are going to replace my post with "snip"? Please don't misquote me - just use the reply box at the bottom of the thread.
174	Silver Spearwife	2012-03-16	I watched the show first so obviously I missed a lot of things. Don't know if it was mentioned but (ASoS spoilers ahead)
	Spoiler a rewatch of one of the episodes went a little like this. One of the Dothraki: "Khaleesi is pregnant". Jorah: *grim expression* "I have to write a letter". Come on, could you be an eensy bit subtler?

On the other hand, I do remember what it was like to watch the show for the first time, and I had NO idea what was going on with anyone less important than Dany, the Starks, or the Lannisters. In the show, I didn't even know who that guy was who chatted with Ned in the dungeon. If someone had told me, "It's Varys, the Spider," I would have responded, "Who the hell is Varys?" While readers know exactly what's happening from our previous experiences with the books, heavy handedness is the only way to get certain points across about characters that are hard to even recall the names of in the show.
175	opark77	2012-03-16	I watched the show first so obviously I missed a lot of things. Don't know if it was mentioned but (ASoS spoilers ahead)
	Spoiler a rewatch of one of the episodes went a little like this. One of the Dothraki: "Khaleesi is pregnant". Jorah: *grim expression* "I have to write a letter". Come on, could you be an eensy bit subtler?

	Spoiler He said he had to ride to Qohor which is a little more enigmatic and to the casual viewer suggests he is delivering the news there.
176	starwalker	2015-02-18	I have to LOL at the random anonymous Internet poster with no established credibility whatsoever taking shots like this. Well done, I am sure they really feel the sting of that one.


lol. ouch from another random anonymous internet poster.
177	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-24	continue. remember to keep it civil and keep it classy.
178	MountainThatRides	2011-05-24	Over all, it was splendid. Thus far there's been a benchmark of quality first set by episode three and matched by every episode since. There have been slower ones, sure, but they've all been excellent overall, and episode 6 is no exception. I give it an 8.5/10, and if these early episodes are this good, man, imagine when we get to the actual story. Imagine the real episodes. Oberyn vs. Gregor? What's that going to be, 12/10?The dialogue in this episode had me very satisfied. I know they can't keep George's words line-for-line, and they throw us readers a bone every now and then, but this one really felt like the book was coming to life. It won't get any better than this, in terms of dialogue fidelity, until we see George's episode. Kudos for Jane Espenson on her fantastic job. Maybe she can get the Joss to write an episode!The wolves' absence in the wildling scene: obviously it would have been better with the wolves. More faithful, more visually impressive, probably more entertaining. But it still worked. Osha could be different -- I always pictured her as lean, plain, flat-chested, tall, somewhat severe looking, but still kind of hot in a weird way. Like "if I was drunk, I'd totally nail her," sort of thing. That actress looks promising nonetheless.I've come to terms with several of the character changes. Renly in particular had me griping and gnashing my teeth, but at this point I'm just going to go with the flow and trust in Dan & Dave. Martin trusts them (OK, so copious presidential portraits probably helped that trust) and I will too. He might not be the Renly we know and love, but he's a well-rounded, three-dimensional character and for a finite, bit character in a television adaptation, that's more than you can ask for. The jury is still out on Roz; I'll warm up to her when she actually facilitates the storyline, which I'm sure will happen eventually.The Syrio "death-god" line was pretty metal, in a monotheistic way, but I don't really see any glaring connective arrows to Jaqen. They're both Braavosi. Several posters in the previous discussion thread made all of the competent points (like the verbal 'pay attention' smack) so I don't need to talk about it.Cheers: Mark Addy, Harry Lloyd and Peter Dinklage. Mord was great. The titular scene hit me in all the soft spots -- the "thud" of Viserys's gilded head hitting the floor was icing on the cake. No Wall scenes, which I think is good. Non-readers, while far more acerbic than most of us probably give them credit for, are in for a wild ride of hide-and-seek. Characters and storylines will disappear and reappear fresh, and it will do wonders for clouding recollections regarding plot points and intrigue. I think the muddied water is really going to help the inevitable punches.Jeers: The hunt. Yes, it's old news by now, and as everyone's said, they just must be separated from the main party. Budget constraints, yes, yes. I know why the hunt was so lame. Doesn't mean I have to like it. They couldn't get like 4 extras dressed up as men-at-arms to trudge silently along behind them? The Vale scene was good but it was also very different than I expected. Vardis should have been older. Lysa could (not should) have given him a sword. The moon door in the floor is cool, but it makes the name kind of idiotic. You can't see the moon from a door in the floor. I guess it's just called that now because it's round. Like the moon. Maybe there's a carving of a moon on it, I didn't really see. The Bronn/Vardis fight was satisfying, but it was a little weird that they did it in the throne room instead of the godswood. Or a garden, or great hall, or practice yard. Or, you know, any open place where the combatants weren't constantly bumping into random nobles and candelabras and shit. No statue of the Maiden, either, but Bronn still dispatched Ser Vardis with flair. Bronn had some good lines. Not quite as cut-throat as he was in the books, but I'll give him time to marinate.Lastly, what the fuck is going to happen when everyone's favorite actors are gone? Maisie Williams and Peter Dinklage are in for the long haul, followed by runners-up Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Baldy who plays Varys (forget his name, but I like him), but the heavy hitters are on their way out. Harry Lloyd already bit the dust, and he did a fantastic job making us want to watch the most despicable character in book one. Soon Big Daddy Addy and the Mean Bean will follow suit. Here's hoping they'll fill that power vacuum with some total bad asses. Arnold as Shagga! Not a good match, physically, but I always hear Shagga's lines with Arnold's accent. Blame it on Conan. Crom!
					
					
							Edited by MountainThatRides, 24 May 2011 - 09:52 PM.
179	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	I said in the last thread that I think Bronn could beat anyone one on one. But I should have said except for the Hound of course, as someone pointed out.
180	Maia	2011-05-25	Re: the deeply ridiculous hunt - would it have been that much more expensive to have them riding and have horns sounding and dogs barking in the background? That would have already made it more plausible. 
Also, wildlings wearing cloth? That goes completely against their characterization. Yet another missed chance to say a lot about  characters through costuming alone.  Also, how wimpy are they that Robb can defeat them all and how wimpy is Osha that he can just shake off her hit? Even if the dogs now hate each other, they could have had _one_ of them in the scene - preferably Summer. I really hope that they go CGI with wolves in the next season - this dog thing isn't working at all.
And yes, the series may be turning Robb into a bad-ass, but it will really change his arc, which is that of a boy out of his depth. 
Otherwise, a very enjoyable episode, IMHO.
181	valacirca	2011-05-25	Quite sad to see people hating on the hunting scene now that I've convinced myself that that was a Kurosawa homage (is there anywhere we can ask to confirm if that scene was a concious homage to Rashomon?) /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Although to be quite honest, homages aside, it was the weakest link in the entire episode, rivaled only by the Theon-Ros bit.
182	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-05-25	Also, how wimpy are they that Robb can defeat them all and how wimpy is Osha that he can just shake off her hit? Even if the dogs now hate each other, they could have had _one_ of them in the scene - preferably Summer. I really hope that they go CGI with wolves in the next season - this dog thing isn't working at all.And yes, the series may be turning Robb into a bad-ass, but it will really change his arc, which is that of a boy out of his depth. Otherwise, a very enjoyable episode, IMHO.Robb is a badass in battle though.  He's a boy out of his depth politically.  Yet he led numerous charges and killed a lot of men personally, as well as following the Blackfish's great tactical and strategic advice.I think that was his first kill, though.  So should have been pretty scary for him!  Poor boy.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Oh as to why the wildlings were so easy for Robb to overwhelm...  they looked pretty poor and underfed to me - which makes sense as they've been fleeing on foot for hundreds and hundreds of miles.  I would be surprised if they had been at half their usual strength.  Plus there's the whole well-trained and well-fed thing that young lords have going for them.
183	Greywolf2375	2011-05-25	I said in the last thread that I think Bronn could beat anyone one on one. But I should have said except for the Hound of course, as someone pointed out.The Mountain; but Best Fighter in Westeros is currently a thread in the books section.Hrm? Made up character? As opposed to...? As opposed to any of the myriad characters that are in the books and are not either mentioned or have only been mentioned in passing.
184	Cereal Forel	2011-05-25	Plus everything we know about the typical wildling suggests that someone with a bit of combat training could tear them to shreds easily.
The bigger question is WTF were they doing that far from the Wall?
185	Hodor_Targaryen	2011-05-25	I don't have a problem with the hunt other than the silly conversation between Renly and Robert.  Renly never came across as the type who would be bothered by casualties of war.  Re: the deeply ridiculous hunt - would it have been that much more expensive to have them riding and have horns sounding and dogs barking in the background? That would have already made it more plausible.Having them on horseback with horns and dogs would make sense if they were hunting foxes, but they were hunting boar which is done on foot, with blades.  Or possibly the white hart, but there was no mention of that.I loved the exchange between Lysa and Bronn after the fight - "You don't fight with honour!"  "No.  He did!"
					
					
							Edited by Hodor_Targaryen, 25 May 2011 - 07:47 AM.
186	NW Deserter	2011-05-25	I loved the exchange between Lysa and Bronn after the fight - "You don't fight with honour!" "No. He did!"Line of the episode, IMO (maybe second to the closing line). I forgot to mention how awesome Jerome Flynn (sp?) is at portraying Bronn, the age differences aside. I was watching by myself and still let out an "oh snap!" when he said that.
187	Abaddon	2011-05-25	And yes, the series may be turning Robb into a bad-ass, but it will really change his arc, which is that of a boy out of his depth. That ship flew when they aged up the kids.  I'm not sure how old he's supposed to be in the show, but it's way older than the 14 of the books.  But that's okay, it's still going to be credible that his fatal mistake will be made for love, that happens to men and women of all ages.
188	Balefont	2011-05-25	So as to not derail this thread and future discussion threads, I started a thread regarding the incessant presence of Ros in the series here in the general GoT forum.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 25 May 2011 - 09:14 AM.
189	Ser_Niall	2011-05-25	Loved this episode, my favorite so far.  The Eyrie scenes were great, and just how I imagined them from the books.  I also thought the crowning of Viserys was very well done, the actor who plays him did an excellent job.
After the scene where Beric Dondarrion volunteers to hunt down Ser Gregore, I realized we didn't get to see him and Thoros joust in the tourney (and we also didn't get to see Thoros' flaming sword).  Would have been fun to see a few minutes devoted to these guys during the tourney episodes, since they have some semi-significant roles later on in the story.  I say semi-significant because it seems like most of their actions are in the background during the war.
190	Quoth	2011-05-25	I don't have a problem with the hunt other than the silly conversation between Renly and Robert.  Renly never came across as the type who would be bothered by casualties of war.  Having them on horseback with horns and dogs would make sense if they were hunting foxes, but they were hunting boar which is done on foot, with blades.  Or possibly the white hart, but there was no mention of that.I loved the exchange between Lysa and Bronn after the fight - "You don't fight with honour!"  "No.  He did!"I was thinking this, too, about the criticism regarding the hunt. I'm no expert on the subject. Much less about medieval style hunting with a King involved. But it seems to me that a certain amount of, well, stealth would be the order of the day?
191	Ser_Niall	2011-05-25	I was thinking this, too, about the criticism regarding the hunt. I'm no expert on the subject. Much less about medieval style hunting with a King involved. But it seems to me that a certain amount of, well, stealth would be the order of the day?Don't think they really cared about stealth.  Robert just wanted to get away from the throne, get drunk, and perhaps kill an animal.  Renly's being dragged along for the ride, and couldn't care less if they get anything.Also, I forget if its mentioned in the book, is the wine poisoned with some sort of "extra" intoxicant, or was Lancel simply instructed to make sure the king was good and wasted on normal wine?  Does Lancel know what he's doing, or is he being an unknowing pawn to Cersei?
192	Aganerral	2011-05-25	Don't think they really cared about stealth.  Robert just wanted to get away from the throne, get drunk, and perhaps kill an animal.  Renly's being dragged along for the ride, and couldn't care less if they get anything.Also, I forget if its mentioned in the book, is the wine poisoned with some sort of "extra" intoxicant, or was Lancel simply instructed to make sure the king was good and wasted on normal wine?  Does Lancel know what he's doing, or is he being an unknowing pawn to Cersei?In the book, it was 'fortified wine', so stronger than normal...though I really doubt that Robert has an issue getting drunk anyway...he'd have drunk plenty of normal wine if given the chance.  But Lancel was doing it on Cersei's orders/suggestion.  I can't remember if that's revealed in this book or the next, though.
193	Cereal Forel	2011-05-25	He definitely knew what he was doing. Cersei all but flips her lid when she finds out that he survives the Blackwater and becomes all pious because of everything he knows.
194	Quoth	2011-05-25	Don't think they really cared about stealth.  Robert just wanted to get away from the throne, get drunk, and perhaps kill an animal.  You pretty much described most modern day hunting parties. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> I'll go along with that. The point is, though, it doesn't seem unusual to me that a small band of guys go out into the woods to hunt without four or more footmen tramping along who'd just scare off the wild game.
					
					
							Edited by Quoth, 25 May 2011 - 11:23 AM.
195	Ser_Niall	2011-05-25	He definitely knew what he was doing. Cersei all but flips her lid when she finds out that he survives the Blackwater and becomes all pious because of everything he knows.This is true, I'm going to do a reread before Dance With Dragons comes out.  Its been a while /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
196	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-25	Don't think they really cared about stealth.  Robert just wanted to get away from the throne, get drunk, and perhaps kill an animal.  Renly's being dragged along for the ride, and couldn't care less if they get anything.Also, I forget if its mentioned in the book, is the wine poisoned with some sort of "extra" intoxicant, or was Lancel simply instructed to make sure the king was good and wasted on normal wine?  Does Lancel know what he's doing, or is he being an unknowing pawn to Cersei?This is the king hunting. It is much more like a guided preserve hunt than an actual wilderness hunt. Most likely, there are dozens of other men "pushing" the boar towards the king's party so that the king can get the kill. This is where all the extras people are complaining about not having are located. They may even have wounded it somewhat for safety measures, not that it did much good in the end.
197	Abaddon	2011-05-25	He definitely knew what he was doing. Cersei all but flips her lid when she finds out that he survives the Blackwater and becomes all pious because of everything he knows.Isn't that more because she's had carnal relations with him, though?
198	Rangers30	2011-05-25	Regarding the hunting, considering the amount of hunting "accidents" that seemed to take out royalty back in the day, I find the lack of a crowd somewhat believable. It would've been hard for all those so called accidents to have worked if there were too many witnesses.
199	Maia	2011-05-25	Having them on horseback with horns and dogs would make sense if they were hunting foxes, but they were hunting boar which is done on foot, with blades.Nope. Boars can run much more quickly than people, which is why they were hunted on horseback, with boar-hounds. The hounds found the boar and steered it at the hunters as well as slowed it down. It was a rather complicated manoeuvre, so barking of dogs and sounding of  horns were essential for coordinating everything.  The hunters would attack either from horseback or on foot as circumstances required. With boar-spears. Blades were weapons of last resort only. How were Robert and Co. even supposed to find a boar without hounds? It just looked very silly.Robb is a badass in battle though.He was good, but he was no young Jaime or Loras Tyrell. And he wassurrounded by guards when in battle, too, not to mention always hadGray Wind by his side. Re: the wildlings, their major disadvantage is lack of good weapons andarmor - few of them have steel. However, Osha's group consisted ofexperienced raiders and Robb wore no armor. I really disliked  how Robbshrugged off Osha's hit in the show - she is supposed to be a competentfighter, after all, and it will be difficult to believe in her abilities now.Re: the wildlings being starved - they normally feed themselves by hunting and they were in the freaking woods! In Summer. Where Theon had just quickly shot some fowl. It would be completely implausible for them to starve.
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 25 May 2011 - 03:02 PM.
200	Cereal Forel	2011-05-25	Isn't that more because she's had carnal relations with him, though?Not really. While disgusting, that act wasn't treasonous. Him poisoning Robert at Cersei's behest definitely was. When it comes to sex, Cersei doesn't seem to care who she sleeps with or what the consequences for that might be, but she definitely understood what would happen if Lancel decided to bare his other sins in front of the High Septon.
201	legba11	2011-05-25	Plus everything we know about the typical wildling suggests that someone with a bit of combat training could tear them to shreds easily.The bigger question is WTF were they doing that far from the Wall?Exactly what they said they were doing.  Going as far south as south goes.The same things all the wildings are doing at this point.  Getting the flock away from the Others.
202	Regina	2011-05-25	Well, a look at the HBO store makes the importance of the hunting scene clear, lol:http://store.hbo.com...game-of-thrones
203	Landless Knight	2011-05-25	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required. 
So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!
					
					
							Edited by Landless Knight, 25 May 2011 - 08:08 PM.
204	legba11	2011-05-25	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required. So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!Yes, but Vas Dothrak is 5000 miles above sea level.  You didn't know?
205	Thorgouge	2011-05-26	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required. So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!It was chocolate gold coins he melted, okay? Does that clear everything  up?
206	TrueMetis	2011-05-26	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required. So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!A candle is almost hot enough to melt gold. There is a reason gold was one of the first metals human worked.
207	Cereal Forel	2011-05-26	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required. So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!Are we really arguing about this? It's a tv show based on a fantasy series.
208	Knight Of The North	2011-05-26	Are we really arguing about this? It's a tv show based on a fantasy series.By that logic, you could say that Stannis would have won if only the Blackwater Chain hadn't adhered to the laws of physics. Look, if GRRM had developed a world where every material is new, and every law of nature is different, you can use that argument. He didn't. He called things 'Gold', 'Steel', and pretty much grounded a large part of ASoIaF in realism. We're -allowed- to argue about the realism of anything, because you can go along and test this stuff right now to prove it. People really value the realistic aspects of the series and to throw that away would ruin it for a fair few people.
					
					
							Edited by Knight Of The North, 26 May 2011 - 09:54 AM.
209	Balefont	2011-05-26	Well, a look at the HBO store makes the importance of the hunting scene clear, lol:http://store.hbo.com...game-of-thronesNow that's just so fucking tacky.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
210	Cereal Forel	2011-05-26	By that logic, you could say that Stannis would have won if only the Blackwater Chain hadn't adhered to the laws of physics. Look, if GRRM had developed a world where every material is new, and every law of nature is different, you can use that argument. He didn't. He called things 'Gold', 'Steel', and pretty much grounded a large part of ASoIaF in realism. We're -allowed- to argue about the realism of anything, because you can go along and test this stuff right now to prove it. People really value the realistic aspects of the series and to throw that away would ruin it for a fair few people.Nowhere does it say that gold in Westeros melts at the same temperature that gold in the real world does. In fact, we know it doesn't as Drogo doesn't have his bloodriders hold Viserys for hours while he stirs his belt till it melts.The point is that it's pointless to argue the realism of a series set in a fantastical world where people are brought back from the dead, where dragons roam, where people don't get burnt by fire, where people inhabit creatures to do their bidding, etc etc.
211	Knight Of The North	2011-05-26	Nowhere does it say that gold in Westeros melts at the same temperature that gold in the real world does. In fact, we know it doesn't as Drogo doesn't have his bloodriders hold Viserys for hours while he stirs his belt till it melts.The point is that it's pointless to argue the realism of a series set in a fantastical world where people are brought back from the dead, where dragons roam, where people don't get burnt by fire, where people inhabit creatures to do their bidding, etc etc.Gold, Steel and the basic elements on the periodic table exist. They are refered to by their very names. Therefore, unless you're going to argue that they are all completely different elements for which you have a grand total of jack-all evidence, we -can- argue realism. Y'know, like I said in the last post. We don't have Dragons in this world. But we do have all the elements on the periodic table. I'll make another analogy, and perhaps you'll get the idea; it's like him having a Cow who can breath underwater. Unless he gives some fantastical reason for it, like a magical handwave, we know for a fact that COWS CANNOT BREATH UNDERWATER. Therefore, we'd call them out on that.Gold melts at 1064C. Fact. You can check that right now.In the book, it is said that the material poured over Viserys' head is molten gold. Fact.To go saying that just because it's a fantasy universe means that things we can find direct links to in real life change their very structure is NOT a theme in Epic Fantasy. It'll either say it's not the believed object or give a reason, not try to change the very properties of all these objects.Therefore, every last person on these forums can argue for realism in ANYTHING that pertains to the Real World. Just because there are Wights, Dragons and Magic does not mean Steel can disintegrate in water, or that horses can fly.
212	Greywolf2375	2011-05-26	Now that's just so fucking tacky.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Kinda surprised they didn't place the X's so that it outlines a johnson or something.I fear for what may come of Myrish Swamp.
213	Quoth	2011-05-26	May I suggest that by following a fantasy book/TV series one implies that one is capable of suspending one's disbelief to at least some extent? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
214	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-26	[mod] Keep it civil, please. [/mod]
215	The Human Abstract	2011-05-26	Just to clear up the point about Viserys's 'crown' melting too quickly: the melting point of gold is 1064C, a temperature which cannot be achieved over an open fire. A forge would be required.So it's not so much that the gold melted too quickly - it could never have melted at all!Not according to the last thread we had about this here.  This thread concluded that a pot on a campfire could melt gold.How Did Drogo Melt Gold?
					
					
							Edited by The Human Abstract, 26 May 2011 - 11:37 AM.
216	Cereal Forel	2011-05-26	Gold, Steel and the basic elements on the periodic table exist. They are refered to by their very names. Therefore, unless you're going to argue that they are all completely different elements for which you have a grand total of jack-all evidence, we -can- argue realism. Y'know, like I said in the last post. We don't have Dragons in this world. But we do have all the elements on the periodic table. I'll make another analogy, and perhaps you'll get the idea; it's like him having a Cow who can breath underwater. Unless he gives some fantastical reason for it, like a magical handwave, we know for a fact that COWS CANNOT BREATH UNDERWATER. Therefore, we'd call them out on that.Gold melts at 1064C. Fact. You can check that right now.In the book, it is said that the material poured over Viserys' head is molten gold. Fact.To go saying that just because it's a fantasy universe means that things we can find direct links to in real life change their very structure is NOT a theme in Epic Fantasy. It'll either say it's not the believed object or give a reason, not try to change the very properties of all these objects.Therefore, every last person on these forums can argue for realism in ANYTHING that pertains to the Real World. Just because there are Wights, Dragons and Magic does not mean Steel can disintegrate in water, or that horses can fly.You're arguing the realism of something set in a world that isn't real. Your argument is moot.I actually have plenty of evidence though, you've already provided it. If gold melts at 1,064C and cook fires never get that hot, or if they do they could never melt it that quickly, then gold in Westeros can't possibly have the same elemental qualities as gold in the real world because it happens in both the books and the tv show. And that's OK because Westeros isn't real.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 26 May 2011 - 11:40 AM.
217	The Human Abstract	2011-05-26	I believe this story is inspired by the general Manius Aquilius who was famously killed by pouring molten gold (melted on a campfire) down his throat.
218	Maltaran	2011-05-26	Not really. While disgusting, that act wasn't treasonous. Him poisoning Robert at Cersei's behest definitely was. When it comes to sex, Cersei doesn't seem to care who she sleeps with or what the consequences for that might be, but she definitely understood what would happen if Lancel decided to bare his other sins in front of the High Septon.Under medieval English law, committing adultery with the queen was treason. I don't know if it's the same in Westeros, but given that this was the case in the time and place which was the inspiration for the series, you can't rule it out.
219	Cereal Forel	2011-05-26	Under medieval English law, committing adultery with the queen was treason. I don't know if it's the same in Westeros, but given that this was the case in the time and place which was the inspiration for the series, you can't rule it out.That's true too, she was probably worried about both.For. The. Last. Time. Westeros may not be real, but GOLD IS!I'm not arguing with you anymore. You clearly can't understand that by your logic, an Alien could land and we wouldn't be allowed to say 'WTF?' because 'Westeros isn't real'. Hell, even Tolkien incorporated realism into his stories. Do you know how? By having wood that burned, and magic wood that wasn't so easy to burn. Not changing the chemical properties of wood.Which GRMM doesn't-There's no need to get worked up over this :shrug: You could argue that the Others are pretty alien-like, but I don't see you going WTF at that. In the books, Drogo melted the gold on (presumably) a cook fire and then poured it over Viserys' head to kill him. You can keep arguing about how "unrealistic" that is all you want. I don't really understand why you're arguing it in the first place, it is definitely unrealistic, but so is smearing your blood on a steel sword and having it magically light on fire. I'm going to continue to enjoy this fantasy series and not get hung up on minor details.
220	Abaddon	2011-05-26	Not really. While disgusting, that act wasn't treasonous. Him poisoning Robert at Cersei's behest definitely was. When it comes to sex, Cersei doesn't seem to care who she sleeps with or what the consequences for that might be, but she definitely understood what would happen if Lancel decided to bare his other sins in front of the High Septon.Lancel didn't poison Robert, he gave him fortified wine to encourage him to have an accident.  Still arguably treasonous, but it's not the same thing, and it'd be easier to talk one's way out of given what a drunkard Robert was already.[EDIT] I also definitely got the impression that the sex with Lancel was treasonous although I don't know if it was ever explicitly stated.  Anyway, between those two things, there was plenty of cause for concern when Lancel got pious.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 26 May 2011 - 01:11 PM.
221	Abaddon	2011-05-26	I'm going to continue to enjoy this fantasy series and not get hung up on minor details.Well, clearly that is your loss  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> as it is so much fun to get hung up on minor little huge important factors like this!
222	Landless Knight	2011-05-26	Not according to the last thread we had about this here.  This thread concluded that a pot on a campfire could melt gold.How Did Drogo Melt Gold?Sorry. Didn't realize there was another thread. Blame my callow newbie innocence.My post was meant as semi-humourous. I had no idea it would arouse so much controversy. You guys/girls take your metallurgy very seriously.  /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
223	Xenophon	2011-05-26	Ok, finally got to watch the episode.  Most of my thoughts have already been covered in the last 25 pages or so, so I'll just stick to a couple points:
I like what they did with Theon this episode (other than the useless scene with Ros).  He comes across as a douche, but also seems like he's useful as a Stark ally.  I think they're doing a really good job of giving us mixed feeling about him.
Did anyone else feel that Tyrion's plan seemed less thought out?  I got the sense here that he had counted on getting Jaime to fight for him, rather than that he was always angling to convince Bronn.  The camera cut to Bronn enough that it wasn't a surprise at all, but I didn't get the sense that Tyrion had planned for this as much as in the book.  I wonder if that's intentional or not.
Also, I feel like they're making it clearer how aggressive Ned is in refusing to back down.  Somehow in the books his actions always seemed quite reasonable (probably due to POV-bias), but here it's very clear that he's taking drastic steps, in insisting that Cat acted on his behalf, attaining the Mountain, and summoning Tywin to court.
It's been mentioned before, but Ye Gods was Drogo's party dreadful.  I'm not particularly fond of how they've portrayed anything Dothraki in the show, but the celebrations are particularly bad; I've been to baby showers with more guests than that.  Eating the heart was great, as was the golden crown, but the tiny crowd really made the whole Stallion that mounts the World prophesy seem highly underwhelming.  I didn't get the sense that Dany's child is supposed to be this messianic figure for the Dothraki.
224	Quoth	2011-05-26	Sorry. Didn't realize there was another thread. Blame my callow newbie innocence.My post was meant as semi-humourous. I had no idea it would arouse so much controversy. You guys/girls take your metallurgy very seriously.  /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> You have no idea the lengths folks will go to around here...
225	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-26	It's been mentioned before, but Ye Gods was Drogo's party dreadful.  I'm not particularly fond of how they've portrayed anything Dothraki in the show, but the celebrations are particularly bad; I've been to baby showers with more guests than that.  Eating the heart was great, as was the golden crown, but the tiny crowd really made the whole Stallion that mounts the World prophesy seem highly underwhelming.  I didn't get the sense that Dany's child is supposed to be this messianic figure for the Dothraki.I've come to terms with the fact that all of the high-level Dothraki stuff - the wedding, the heart-eating, etc. - include only the high-level Dothraki people.  Khal Drogo, his bloodriders, and then some select few warriors and some "entertainers."  That's just the way the show is doing it, obviously for budget reasons.  But I think it works since they've been consistent.  None of my friends who are non-readers have commented on the lack of large Dothraki events.The lack of a large crowd for the Hand's tournament was a HUGE issue though.  My wife, a non-reader, was wondering if they held the tourney in the backyard of the castle.  She figured all the parents of the jousters would get together and barbecue burgers afterwards, maybe have a pool party.
226	The Human Abstract	2011-05-26	You guys/girls take your metallurgy very seriously.  /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />You should see me on the metallurgy forums.  I am out of control.
227	The Human Abstract	2011-05-26	The lack of a large crowd for the Hand's tournament was a HUGE issue though.  My wife, a non-reader, was wondering if they held the tourney in the backyard of the castle.  She figured all the parents of the jousters would get together and barbecue burgers afterwards, maybe have a pool party.It'd be much cooler if -- instead of destriers -- they rode inflatable rafts.  And, of course, used those pool noodles instead of lances.
228	Xenophon	2011-05-26	I've come to terms with the fact that all of the high-level Dothraki stuff - the wedding, the heart-eating, etc. - include only the high-level Dothraki people.  Khal Drogo, his bloodriders, and then some select few warriors and some "entertainers."  That's just the way the show is doing it, obviously for budget reasons.  But I think it works since they've been consistent.  None of my friends who are non-readers have commented on the lack of large Dothraki events.The lack of a large crowd for the Hand's tournament was a HUGE issue though.  My wife, a non-reader, was wondering if they held the tourney in the backyard of the castle.  She figured all the parents of the jousters would get together and barbecue burgers afterwards, maybe have a pool party.Lol.  Yeah, the crowd was definitely more of a problem at the tournament.  I've also just accepted that Drogo likes to keep his parties exclusive.  It still undermines the whole messianic angle of Dany's child, IMO.  Having it proclaimed by the the Dosh Khaleen in front of a massive horde made it feel like the prophesy was unique.  Here, one wonders if the priestess tells every Khal that his kid is going to be the one.
229	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-26	Did anyone else feel that Tyrion's plan seemed less thought out?  I got the sense here that he had counted on getting Jaime to fight for him, rather than that he was always angling to convince Bronn.  The camera cut to Bronn enough that it wasn't a surprise at all, but I didn't get the sense that Tyrion had planned for this as much as in the book.  I wonder if that's intentional or not.No, it seemed the same as in the book to me. In the previous episode Tyrion was saying in front of Bronn that "my father will offer a handsome reward" and a "Lannister always pays his debts" so I think it's clear that he had the same plan in the books. Also, up to that point in the book it wasn't clear that his plan all along was to get Bronn to champion for him, and even Tyrion for a moment thought he made a mistake until Bronn stepped up. I expect in the next episode Tyrion will explain to Bronn how he knew Bronn would champion for him while they're both in the mountains.
230	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-26	Lol.  Yeah, the crowd was definitely more of a problem at the tournament.  I've also just accepted that Drogo likes to keep his parties exclusive.  It still undermines the whole messianic angle of Dany's child, IMO.  Having it proclaimed by the the Dosh Khaleen in front of a massive horde made it feel like the prophesy was unique.  Here, one wonders if the priestess tells every Khal that his kid is going to be the one.I see your point about the prophesy, but I also don't think it's that big of a deal, given what we know about what happens to the baby and what happens to the khalasar.  We do know what the child means to Dany and Viserys, as far as continuing the line of Targaryens, and that will still be true whether the prophesy was a big deal or not.In fairness, I've always been lukewarm to the whole Danaerys story line in the books.  It's better now that I'm reading the books a second time, but I'm not nearly as invested in the Dany scenes as I am with everything that goes on in Westeros.  So it could be that I'm willing to let a lot more slide in that regard.
231	Morrigan	2011-05-26	I agree that "it's a fantasy series!" is not a good argument concerning the melting point of gold. If it had been a fictional metal, it'd be different.That said, I find it beyond stupid to nitpick about such a thing. No, gold doesn't melt that fast, but they clearly made the scene happen faster for dramatic and narrative purposes. Having it cut to another scene and then come back to the finally melted gold, or have them go to a forge and come back, would have destroyed the dramatic tension. The scene was fine as it was.Me, when I'm playing Demon's Souls as a melee character. It's the best shield to use until you find the tower shield.Tsk, you're such a noob. The dark silver shield is the best shield in the game, not that overheavy tower shield garbage. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
232	Abaddon	2011-05-26	I expect in the next episode Tyrion will explain to Bronn how he knew Bronn would champion for him while they're both in the mountains.
	Spoiler Tyrion and Bronn don't appear in Episode 7.  I think it's likely they will just meet up with Tywin at the Inn in Episode 8.[EDIT] Actually, forgot they are at the Inn at the end of the book, not this early.  So they must meet up with the Tywin's half of the Lannister host wherever that is, but I don't recall exactly where that is right now.

					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 26 May 2011 - 05:00 PM.
233	arrowfan	2011-05-26	Great ep, one of my favorites so far. 
I have to say - Robert in this HBO production is not a likable character.  I cringe every time he comes on because of his constant chastisement, insults, and arrogance combined with a few japes about whores and fighting. I think the actor is an excellent casting AND he's doing a great job at what they directing him to do.  I just don't like the adaptation.  Of course, Robert is supposed to be a brash character in the books, but he was likable... this guy is not.  
Sean Bean as Eddard... Nailing it!  Enjoying every scene he's in.  
Dinklage as Tyrion. Continues to steal every scene he's in.  I was prepared to be somewhat disappointed in the HBO Tyrion (he could be a tough one to get right) but he continues to steal every scene he's in.
234	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-26	I'm a bit sad that we won't get to see the converation between Tyrion and Cat where he tells her that LF LIED to her about the alleged bet in which LF lost his knife to Tyrion. I was hoping to see it as part of Tyrion's trial before he demanded trial by combat.
I thought the revelation to Cat that LF might have lied to her about something so important as the ownership of the knife used in an attempt to kill her son was a big wake-up call to her. regardless of whether she took heed of it or hit the snooze button. A shame it got taken out.
235	vgz	2011-05-26	Somehow after watching this episode (specifically the Eyrie with Tyrion and Cat), I am starting to dislike Cat.  And after reading book 4, I know I do not like her.  I do think she is  not too bright.  She acted without any thought to what she would start over Tyrion's capture.  I know, it is what makes the show and books interesting and some say it is because of what happens to her children.  But so far I am not impressed with Cat.  With the actress playing that part I am impressed.  Sansa is rude and very selfish and I do not feel sorry for Joeffry's treatment of her.  She deserves what she gets for her betrayal of her dad and her selfish desires.  Hopefully, she will see her way clearly and help to avenge her family.  That is only my opinion of course of both characters/actesses.  As for Dany's role in the story I will have to wait until the last two books are read for any clear opinion.  Perhaps she has a bigger role to play in all the games being played for the Iron Throne.Great episode, enjoyed it.
					
					
							Edited by vgz, 26 May 2011 - 08:01 PM.
236	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2011-05-26	Under medieval English law, committing adultery with the queen was treason. I don't know if it's the same in Westeros, but given that this was the case in the time and place which was the inspiration for the series, you can't rule it out.Problem is that Cersei, at the time she had the affair with Lancel was no longer the King's wife, but the King's mother, so if we're using medieval English law, she would no longer have been covered. Here's the Treason Act 1351:Whereas divers Opinions have been before this Time in what Case Treason shall be said, and in what not the King, at the Request of the Lords and of the Commons, hath made a Declaration in the Manner as hereafter followeth, that is to say; When a Man doth compass or imagine the Death of our Lord the King, or of our Lady his Queen or of their eldest Son and Heir; or if a Man do violate the King<U+0080><U+0099>s Companion, or the King<U+0080><U+0099>s eldest Daughter unmarried, or the Wife of the King<U+0080><U+0099>s eldest Son and Heir; or if a Man do levy War against our Lord the King in his Realm, or be adherent to the King<U+0080><U+0099>s Enemies in his Realm, giving to them Aid and Comfort in the Realm, or elsewhere, and thereof be probably attainted of open Deed by the People of their Condition:and if a Man slea the Chancellor, Treasurer, or the King<U+0080><U+0099>s Justices of the one Bench or the other, Justices in Eyre, or Justices of Assise, and all other Justices assigned to hear and determine, being in their Places, doing their OfficesAnd it is to be understood, that in the Cases above rehearsed, that ought to be judged Treason which extends to our Lord the King, and his Royal Majesty.
					
					
							Edited by Roose Bolton's Pet Leech, 26 May 2011 - 10:53 PM.
237	Regina	2011-05-27	Now that's just so fucking tacky.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Agreed.  At least if we see someone wearing that shirt at a con, It'll be like a neon warning sign to stay away.Kinda surprised they didn't place the X's so that it outlines a johnson or something.I fear for what may come of Myrish Swamp.All I can say to that is: seven hells!
238	Vestrit	2011-05-27	Now that's just so fucking tacky.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Agreed
239	Brewmaster	2011-05-27	Spoiler Tyrion and Bronn don't appear in Episode 7.  I think it's likely they will just meet up with Tywin at the Inn in Episode 8.[EDIT] Actually, forgot they are at the Inn at the end of the book, not this early.  So they must meet up with the Tywin's half of the Lannister host wherever that is, but I don't recall exactly where that is right now.
They don't meet up with Tywin until after Ned is already dead, and they are at war.I suppose the series could speed that war up, by virtue of Ned calling for Tywin to answer for Gregor's crime or be branded a traitor. Anyway, has Shagga been cast? If I were making the show, I would probably them leave Tyrion bringing the clans with him out of the show entirely.Tyrion's got Bronn as his bodyguard. I don't think that him having an army of the hill clans is necessary for the show.They don't ever advance the plot. Certainly not in any way that Bronn can't function on his own. He uses them to guard Shae and have some thugs loyal to himself. Of course in the next book he has Bronn go out and hire thugs loyal to him anyway. The only minor way they advance the story through 4 books, is by allowing Tywin to send Tyrion to lead the one attack and survive. Its a very minor thing to increase the number of characters for.I say cut them out.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 27 May 2011 - 11:04 AM.
240	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-27	Agreed.  At least if we see someone wearing that shirt at a con, It'll be like a neon warning sign to stay away.All I can say to that is: seven hells!I thought the shirt was pretty funny.  I wouldn't wear it in public, but I might sleep in one (not that I'd actually buy it).
241	Abaddon	2011-05-27	Thanks Brewmaster, I definitely had some facts wrong there.Shagga has been cast according to this site, but the other two have not.  So we'll probably get a little bit of Tyrion meeting Shagga
	Spoiler probably in Episode 8
.  Tyrion still has to 'acquire' Shae, fight in a battle, and get sent to Kings Landing to be Joffrey's Hand, assuming they don't cut any of that.  There's a lot of material for the last few episodes, so we'll see.
242	Regina	2011-05-27	I thought the shirt was pretty funny.  I wouldn't wear it in public, but I might sleep in one (not that I'd actually buy it).If anyone could pull it off as cute and funny, it would be you Lany.   /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' /> But you know how there is at least one really inappropriate guy at every con (the tickler, the massage guy, the other massage guy, etc.)?  All I can imagine is that this shirt would appeal to that type.  "I'm a stud of Westeros, don't you want me to give you a massage?!" That visual kinda ruins it for me...
243	Aoife	2011-05-27	Pft. Everybody knows that the real 8-maters would have a ribbon.
244	Vestrit	2011-05-27	Pft. Everybody knows that the real 8-maters would have a ribbon.Wht about 4x2 guy or whoever?come on he'd totally have an Eight shirt
245	Eponine	2011-05-27	All the answers to our nitpicks are in ACOK. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
So it turns out that we know exactly how boars were hunted in Westeros: "you need a boarspear to hunt boars, and horses and dogs, and men to flush the boar from its lair." Can't argue with Arya! 
Also for those who were saying last week that it was ok that Loras was so weak looking because he was a jouster and not necessarily that great a swordsman, he fights in Renly's melee with a long-handled axe, and the melee has been going on for a day or more. Doesn't that take a good amount of upper body strength? That guy can not swing a melee axe around all day.
246	Aoife	2011-05-27	You! YOU WHO SPEAK OF DARWIN, I HAVE SOMETHING I WISH TO SAY TO YOU! I HAVE A 2 X 4 IN MY PANTS!
Okay, he probably would. Though I have this image in my head of him wearing more like an aloha shirt style than a T, for some reason.
247	Regina	2011-05-27	You! YOU WHO SPEAK OF DARWIN, I HAVE SOMETHING I WISH TO SAY TO YOU! I HAVE A 2 X 4 IN MY PANTS!Okay, he probably would. Though I have this image in my head of him wearing more like an aloha shirt style than a T, for some reason.I can't remember his shirt, just that he wore his suspenders UNDER it for some reason.Now I need brain bleach.  A lot of brain bleach.
248	Aoife	2011-05-27	I recommend (good) whisky and cranberry juice, applied liberally.ETA: I also just remember that it was very loud. Tie-dye? Not sure.Son of ETA: The tales of Primordial Man, for those who have no idea what we're talking about, and yet want to learn more.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 27 May 2011 - 06:30 PM.
249	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-29	If anyone could pull it off as cute and funny, it would be you Lany.   /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' /> But you know how there is at least one really inappropriate guy at every con (the tickler, the massage guy, the other massage guy, etc.)?  All I can imagine is that this shirt would appeal to that type.  "I'm a stud of Westeros, don't you want me to give you a massage?!" That visual kinda ruins it for me...Wht about 4x2 guy or whoever?come on he'd totally have an Eight shirtwhat we need to do then is change the meaning of making the eight---to a food dish specific to each of the 8 areas.  Oh, I can see it now:  the trout baked in clay for the Riverlands---that dish with the hot peppers from Dorne.  I think this is doable.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />(I thought of the one creep I met wearing that shirt and yeah, it is rather gross)
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 29 May 2011 - 12:00 PM.
250	kli	2011-05-31	... . Kudos for Jane Espenson on her fantastic job. Maybe she can get the Joss to write an episode! ...Day late and a dollar short, but I would like to point out something that may not be evident to a lot of people.The writing credit goes: Written by:Jane EspensonandDavid Benioff & D.B. WeissStory by: David Benioff & D.B. WeissIn Hollywood screenwriting credits, there is a difference between the use of "and" and the ampersand (&). "And" means rewrite (if I see the screenwriting credit coming up on a film and it's got two or more "and"s in it, I generally know I'm in for a crappy flick). Ampersand (&) means collaboration.  Screenwriting credits are given in the order in which the drafts were written. What this means is the showrunners came up with the story/outline/rough draft, handed it off to Espenson, and then rewrote what she handed in, substantially enough to say the last draft of the script was theirs.While Espenson no doubt did a fine job, and I detect her voice in Sansa's "I don't care" line to Septa Mordane and Arya's "Seven hells!", there's less of her words here than you might think if you don't know how to read film/television writing credits. I used to enter writer data into the IMDb, which is how I learned all this stuff. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
251	malek	2011-06-01	No, it seemed the same as in the book to me. In the previous episode Tyrion was saying in front of Bronn that "my father will offer a handsome reward" and a "Lannister always pays his debts" so I think it's clear that he had the same plan in the books. Also, up to that point in the book it wasn't clear that his plan all along was to get Bronn to champion for him, and even Tyrion for a moment thought he made a mistake until Bronn stepped up. I expect in the next episode Tyrion will explain to Bronn how he knew Bronn would champion for him while they're both in the mountains.I think that Tyrion's A plan was always to name his brother, and see what will happen. He probably didn't think that Lyssa will neglect his right if he wasn't able to provide his "champion" right away. Events turned the way they did, Tyrion threw the hook and just the fish he needed got caught.Tyrion had absolutely no reason to believe that Bronn would accept his offer any more than he could believe that any other knight of The Vale would turn his back to Lyssa and champion him for reward he promised.Little exchange of glances between Tyrion and Bronn was priceless  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />  Almost like Tyrion wanted to say "You really are greedy, arrogant bastard, aren't you ?! Even if you defeat this guy we will bot probably get killed anyway". And like Bronn replayed "Eh, I had nothing better to do anyway).  /blush.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
252	Jojen	2011-06-10	Meh, I have to say I wasn't a real fan of this ep. That said, I did like the scene where Ned sits in for Robert while His Drunkiness was off huntin' wabbits...I mean, boars. Yes, it was different than in the book, but it showed Ned being a decisive and strong leader who doesn't have to be talked into taking such action against the Lannisters. 
What I didn't appreciate was LF reminding Ned that the fish was the sigil of House Tully. Ned doesn't need reminding, thanks. It felt more like it was done for the benefit of those who haven't read the books, like an aside in a play. There could have been a better way for them to make the same point without it sounding like exposition.
253	Moester	2011-08-23	Regarding Joffrey and Sansa's kiss, I don't recall there being a scene like that in the book. What I want to know is, was Joffrey being sincere in his apology or not/was he just ordered by his mother to do it to be on Sansa's good side again? I'm really unsure because of what happens in episode 9 (clearly Joffrey will do what he wants to do and fuck the rest) and because the apology was a bit out of the blue...
254	Maginor	2011-08-25	Regarding Joffrey and Sansa's kiss, I don't recall there being a scene like that in the book. What I want to know is, was Joffrey being sincere in his apology or not/was he just ordered by his mother to do it to be on Sansa's good side again? I'm really unsure because of what happens in episode 9 (clearly Joffrey will do what he wants to do and fuck the rest) and because the apology was a bit out of the blue...It was because of what his mother said to him in episode 3 probably. But the main reason they added it was to make it more believable that Sansa still had a crush on him right until he killed Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Maginor, 25 August 2011 - 09:41 AM.
255	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-12-09	A Golden Crown best lines:wear it in silence... (king Robert)it's not my House (Theon)a Lannister always pays his debts (Tyrion, finally used properly!)oh wait, Ive just realized I don't care (Sansa)he was no dragon, fire cannot kill a dragon (Dany)my favourite:you don't fight with honour! (Lysa)no, he did! (Bronn)and of course: a crown for a king! (Drogo)funniest scene:Tyrion confessing his crimesmost epic scene:Ned establishing the Brotherhhood without Banners
256	Sam Flinders	2014-08-15	How come that Daenarys states that Viserys is not "A Dragon" as his death was by some type of heat/fire. So is he like illegitimate or what?
257	Skillet	2011-06-26	Obviously there were great moments in the last two episodes, since there were great moments near the end of the book. But from start to finish, this was truly the best episode hands down: 
Bran getting attacked and saved by Theon. 
Viserys trying to steal the dragon eggs ("I need a large army!") and then getting crowned. 
Arya working with Syrio ("What do we say to death? Not today.") and then saying "Seven hells" to Sansa while she rambled about the greatness of Joffrey.
Robert "honoring" Cersei.
Bronn taking down Vardis Egen ("You don't fight with honor!"  "No ... he did.")
And more. Do others agree?
					
					
							Edited by Skillet, 28 June 2011 - 08:02 AM.
258	Slychd	2011-06-28	I don't know that it was the "best", but it was very good.  It was the episode that made me have to go back and re-watch all the other episodes (thank you HBO On Demand) as well as ramp up my reading of the first book.  The "crowning" really got my attention.
259	LadyFriend	2011-06-29	Ok....this has been bothering me.
Why is it that Dany cannot be hurt by fire, but Viserys can? I'm about to start reading Clash of Kings, so maybe it's one of those things that I'm not supposed to know yet? If anyone has insight, please fill me in!
260	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-29	Dany has formed some sort of mystical connection with the eggs which protects her from the fire. I don't think it's spelled out specifically in the books, but that's what I gathered at any rate.
261	The hairy bear	2011-06-29	While I certainly loved "A Golden Crown", IMO the best episode was another one: it included both of the best scenes added for the show (Littlefinger vs. Varys, Robert vs. Cersei), the best fights of the series (Sandor vs. Gregor, the hillmen, and Starks vs Lannisters), the disturbing sweetrobin sucking Lysa's teat, the views from the sky cells, and amazing dialog.
I could have done without the Kraken's tentacle and Ross, but no episode is perfect. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
262	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-29	Yes, episode 6 was ridiculously good.  I have a hard time picking between 6 and 9, both were awesome.  Probably 6 was the best from start to finish, though.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Obviously there were great moments in the last two episodes, since there were great moments near the end of the book. But from start to finish, this was truly the best episode hands down: Bran getting attacked and saved by Theon. Viserys trying to steal the dragon eggs ("I need a large army!") and then getting crowned. Arya working with Syrio ("What do we say to death? Not today.") and then saying "Seven hells" to Sansa while she rambled about the greatness of Joffrey.Robert "honoring" Cersei.Bronn taking down Vardis Egen ("You don't fight with honor!"  "No ... he did.")And more. Do others agree?
263	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-29	Ok....this has been bothering me.Why is it that Dany cannot be hurt by fire, but Viserys can? I'm about to start reading Clash of Kings, so maybe it's one of those things that I'm not supposed to know yet? If anyone has insight, please fill me in!That was particularly played up for the TV series. In the books it's really only the final magical bonfire that suggests Dany is actually immune to fire. And book-wise that was a one-time thing. If Dany walks into another fire she will get burned. Whether the TV show makes her permanently immune to fire is an open question. I hope not. I think she should get mildly burned early next season and have some mystical person say that it was the whole incubation of the dragon eggs thing that gave her immunity. Now that the eggs are hatched she's no more immune than Viserys: i.e. you're not that special.What was in each episode specifically is becoming a bit of a blur to me. But the episode ending with Ned v Jaime and the one with Viserys being crowned were stand outs.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 29 June 2011 - 06:08 PM.
264	End of Disc One	2011-06-29	While I certainly loved "A Golden Crown", IMO the best episode was another one: it included both of the best scenes added for the show (Littlefinger vs. Varys, Robert vs. Cersei), the best fights of the series (Sandor vs. Gregor, the hillmen, and Starks vs Lannisters), the disturbing sweetrobin sucking Lysa's teat, the views from the sky cells, and amazing dialog.I could have done without the Kraken's tentacle and Ross, but no episode is perfect. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I agree with this, episode 5 was IMO the best.  Which surprises me, since based off the book I expected 7-10 to be the best.
265	LadyFriend	2011-06-29	Dany has formed some sort of mystical connection with the eggs which protects her from the fire. I don't think it's spelled out specifically in the books, but that's what I gathered at any rate.I just think it's really bizarre/interesting about the lack of connection with Viserys. I can't stop wondering why.
266	Bronn Stone	2011-06-29	I just think it's really bizarre/interesting about the lack of connection with Viserys. I can't stop wondering why.Daenerys has the heart of a true dragon.  Viserys, that of a rather rabid weasel.ETA: On topic, my favorites are The Pointy End and A Golden Crown, in that order.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 29 June 2011 - 08:47 PM.
267	colossus the unstoppable	2011-07-05	I agree with the op,  really great episode. The "crowning" was so great. I knew it was coming but I wasn't sure how they would show it. Great episode all around.
268	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-07-05	I just think it's really bizarre/interesting about the lack of connection with Viserys. I can't stop wondering why.Viserys wasn't given the dragon eggs as a gift, so he wasn't around them enough to even have a chance to form the connection Dany did. Also, Dany emotionally had a hard time with her marriage and was in lot of pain. Being so emotionally vulnerable, she found a way of coping as the eggs provided her with a way to tap into her inner strength. This opened the door for her to form a connection with them that Viserys did not have.
269	hamfruitcake	2011-08-15	Ok....this has been bothering me.Why is it that Dany cannot be hurt by fire, but Viserys can? I'm about to start reading Clash of Kings, so maybe it's one of those things that I'm not supposed to know yet? If anyone has insight, please fill me in!I was always under the assumption that the reason Dany is impervious to fire is because she has the blood of the dragon. Not Viserys as he assumes. A true dragon isn't hurt by flames and Viserys is not the true dragon or the true heir. Maybe that's too obvious though.
270	Villemo	2011-08-16	best episode? "Fire and Blood", it was fantastic (Sansa, Joff and Sandor Clegane; Dany&Drogo; Cat&Jaime; Tywin and 'They HAVE my son'; Jon & guys from Night's Watch, Jon and Mormont, last but not least: dragons). 
But my favorite scene was fight Mountain vs Hound.
					
					
							Edited by Villemo, 16 August 2011 - 03:51 PM.
271	ICE CROW	2011-08-17	The entire season was amazing thats why i picked the books i knew nothing of this series before the show. But now that have read all the books i have to go with the fist episode. I mean how can you not love seeing the entire stark family together for the last. Winterfell full of Starks, Lannisters, King Robert and Benjen as a true retrospective i love the first episode everyone being together in one place before their journeys begin is amazing.
272	Skore	2011-09-23	The entire season was amazing thats why i picked the books i knew nothing of this series before the show. But now that have read all the books i have to go with the fist episode. I mean how can you not love seeing the entire stark family together for the last. Winterfell full of Starks, Lannisters, King Robert and Benjen as a true retrospective i love the first episode everyone being together in one place before their journeys begin is amazing. To be totally I honest I felt the first episode was the weakest one, it only ended well. I watched it this week with my partner who has never read the books and he sort of rolled his eyes as if to say "what's the big deal?"We watched the next 3 episodes back to back and even though we'd stayed up late and had work in the morning he was giving me the "come on, just one more" speech.We haven't watched episode 10 yet but after Baelor he was shocked and apalled at Ned's death I gave him no hints, no warnings - it was beautiful to hear him rage about Joffrey the way I did all those years ago when my dad recommended the first book.
					
					
							Edited by Skore, 23 September 2011 - 04:54 PM.
273	Awakened Edna	2011-11-29	That was particularly played up for the TV series. In the books it's really only the final magical bonfire that suggests Dany is actually immune to fire. And book-wise that was a one-time thing. If Dany walks into another fire she will get burned. Whether the TV show makes her permanently immune to fire is an open question. I hope not. I think she should get mildly burned early next season and have some mystical person say that it was the whole incubation of the dragon eggs thing that gave her immunity. Now that the eggs are hatched she's no more immune than Viserys: i.e. you're not that special.Ok, Wow, I missed that.  I haven't read ADWD yet.  Is that something revealed there?  Are there hints earlier that I have missed that suggest her immunity to heat/fire lasted only through the dragons' gestation?  I thought it was as another poster mentioned, that she has the Targaryan genetic disposition toward dragon, while Viserys didn't, and while previous Targs who drank wildfire and such didn't.  I figured they were just hoping for the genes to align right for another dragon to awake.
274	David C. Hunter	2011-11-29	Now that I read all 5 books and to witness the journeys of all these great characters, for me the greatest nostalgic moment is the beheading scene in episode 1 as well. Just the wide shot of the entire stark family, ser rodrick, theon, jorrey, standing on the misty hill with Ned Stark holding Ice is special to me. Will always remeber that, especially as the seasons fly by
275	ServantOnIce	2012-03-01	I really think the best episode was "The Pointy End" it was right after "You win or you die" and it really set things in motion that lead to "Baelor."  To me "Fire and Blood," wasn't that good of an episode (except for the Dragons).  JMOhttp://youtu.be/S_O7avLDR9kIt was though a great episode with the scenes at The Eyrie and of course getting rid of that clown Viserys . . .I have to admit his death shocked me, as I didn't read the books or any spoilers . . .I expected his character to be around longer than it was.
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 01 March 2012 - 09:38 PM.
276	lyvyathan	2012-03-02	A few scenes come to mind....
1. Dany eating the heart of the horse and then giving her fantastic speech about the horse lord that rides within her
2 Dany's brother getting crowned
3. Robert and Cersei's talk about Dany and their marriage. - which was added on by the HBO writers - but I thought it gave such great depth to the King and Queen.
4. Arya's Dance Teacher fight scene with the Lannister soldiers
5. Arya coming face to face with the Dragon skull
6. Jon giving Needle to Arya
7. Beheading of Ned Stark
8. House Baratheon and Lannister's entrance to Winterfell
9. Catelyn's capture of Tyrion - marvelous speech too. I think it was a dumb thing to do - but it looked pretty good on screen.
10. Opening credits - one of the most awesome opening scenes ever. How brilliant is that soundtrack!!!???
277	scotcat	2012-03-02	For me, it had to be 'Fire and blood','The pointy end' and 'A Golden Crown' in that order.
278	Samwell Gamgee	2012-03-02	Personally, I liked "Baelor" the most of the first season.
The first appearance of the Frey's, the whole Tyrion-Bronn-Shae scene in the tent and then the trial of Ned at the end.
279	Valya of Myr	2013-04-02	Am I the only one who actually liked Viserys and feels sorry for his death? Seriously?Nah, I refuse to believe it. He is beyond adorable. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
280	Crown	2013-04-02	Am I the only one who actually liked Viserys and feels sorry for his death? Seriously?Nah, I refuse to believe it. He is beyond adorable. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />Viserys and adorable are two words that shouldn't in a sentence together. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
281	Valya of Myr	2013-04-03	Viserys and adorable are two words that shouldn't in a sentence together. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />He's a touchy boy, I give you that, but, tell me, where would Daenerys be now without him? Besides.. just look at him /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> [img]http://24.media.tumb...fgo5mo1_250.gif[/img]  [img]http://i.imgur.com/tOH2V.gif[/img] [img]http://images5.fanpo...866-245-240.gif[/img]  [img]http://images5.fanpo...874-245-240.gif[/img]
282	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	Black Water Bay is great. Twyin and the Rains of Castamere !!!
283	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-03	Am I the only one who actually liked Viserys and feels sorry for his death? Seriously?Nah, I refuse to believe it. He is beyond adorable. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />I believe you are not the only one, but I seldom see anyone here who is brave enough to admit he/she like Viserys. Since I started lurking in this forum, you are probably the second or third I've seen so far who truly adored him. I do feel sorry for his death though... but what a great episode. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Snow Wight Walker, 03 April 2013 - 01:36 PM.
284	Valya of Myr	2013-04-03	I believe you are not the only one, but I seldom see anyone here who is brave enough to admit he/she like Viserys. Since I started lurking in this forum, you are probably the second or third I've seen so far who truly adored him. I do feel sorry for his death though...I liked Viserys in the books because I felt sorry for him, he just wanted to go back home.. and he raised his sister, after all.. then I watched the series and I just.. fell in love /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />Harry Lloyd is beyond handsome /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Anyway, I liked Viserys and he died, I liked Renly and he died.. I started liking Lancel, and he got injured.. I think I should stop liking guys of the series /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
285	Rain of Castamere	2013-04-23	regarding the discussion on page 1 about why and if dany is immune to fire (to much posts to quote):
The overall agreement on this was that she got that immunity because of her connection with the eggs.
I disagree.
In the first (was it the first? I think so) episode danny is taking a bath and her maid tells her that the water is too hot. But that does not even bother her at all.
So i guess she has some naturall immunity  reagarding fire and heat.
I dunno why she is more dragon than viserys, but seeing her son has scales its at least partly true i guess.
							Edited by Rain of Castamere, 23 April 2013 - 04:33 AM.
286	vectner	2013-04-23	We can't be sure that her son truly had scales. Only Miraz saw the child, she could have been lying. I was just thinking about the fireproof thing and it is possible that it's a recessive trait in the Targaryan line. Mayber certian pople in the family had it and other's didn't.
287	Rain of Castamere	2013-04-23	yeah uve got a point there.
although what about jorah? Didnt he see him also? And as i think of it, how is it danny didnt see him? I mean, what did they with the child? "Oh its dead and has scales.. lets immediatly feed the dogs."
288	TheEvilKing	2011-05-25	Best episode so far!!!!!!!!!! I say that every week. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> Here are the Official character rankings for episode 6.BADASS RANKINGS:1. Daenerys - ate a horse's heart, then coldly watched her brother die horribly without batting an eyelid2. Khal Drogo3. Bronn4. Ned - Calling out Tywin Lannister takes a huge pair of balls5. Robb StarkHonourable mention: Theon - not his fault Robb's an ingrateDishonourable mention: Ser Vardis - What kind of tit uses a kite shield in a duel?ACTING RANKINGS:1. Viserys2. Tyrion3. Lysa Arryn4. Ned5. DanyHonourable mention: Syrio - more screen time please!Dishonourable mention: Littlefinger - "Isn't that your wife's House? Tully? My Lord Hand?" "That sounds like someone we know. THE MOUN-TAIN." Thanks captain obvious.BEST LINES:1. "I denounce him, and attaint him. I strip him of all ranks and titles, of all ranks and holdings, and sentence him to death."2. "Who can rule without wealth or fear or love?"3. "I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel..."4. "I don't want someone brave and gentle and strong, I want him!"  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> 5. "You're not here. You're with your trouble. If you're with your trouble when fighting happens, more trouble for you."Feel free to discuss the Official rankings or post your own.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
289	smegma	2011-05-25	I thought Littlefinger was just being a prick and goading Ned, not really trying to explain things to Ned (although it may have helped new audiences make the connection).
290	Anomandaris86	2011-05-25	Yes, it was pretty obvious.
291	Songlian	2011-05-25	BADASS RANKINGS:3. Bronn4. Ned - Calling out Tywin Lannister takes a huge pair of balls5. Robb StarkI've cut down Daenerys and Khal Drogo from the OP's ranking. I'm not sure watching your brother die without showing the slightest pity for him, or having your (many) men seize a single person makes you badass. Honorable mention (just for making an appearance): Berric DondarionACTING RANKINGS:1. Viserys2. Robert3. Lysa Arryn4. Sansa5. Arya6. BronnBEST LINES:2. "Who can rule without wealth or fear or love?"5. "You're not here. You're with your trouble. If you're with your trouble when fighting happens, more trouble for you." And... I'm sorry to say this, me being a female and against domestic violence, but it cracked me up when reading the books, too: 6. "Wear it in silence, or I'll honor you again."Edit:7. "I need a large army." 
							Edited by Songlian, 25 May 2011 - 03:10 PM.
292	NW Deserter	2011-05-25	Badass rankings1. Dany2. Bronn (these two are a tossup for first place, really)3. Syrio ("We only say one thing to Death...not today!")4. Ned5. RobbActing rankings1. Viserys (seems to be a trend here, but Harry Lloyd deserves the top spot here. Gonna miss him!)2. Tyrion3. Dany (the best episode for both Clarke and Dinklage by far)4. Arya&Sansa (small roles this week but their interaction was great in their scene together)5. Ned (as always)6. Mord /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
293	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-12-09	A Golden Crown best lines:wear it in silence... (king Robert)it's not my House (Theon)a Lannister always pays his debts (Tyrion, finally used properly!)oh wait, Ive just realized I don't care (Sansa)he was no dragon, fire cannot kill a dragon (Dany)my favourite:you don't fight with honour! (Lysa)no, he did! (Bronn)and of course: a crown for a king! (Drogo)funniest scene:Tyrion confessing his crimesmost epic scene:Ned and Dondarrion
294	Ran	2011-05-22	Spoiler-free discussion for Episode 6, "A Golden Crown", for when it airs. Please do not post prior to that time.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 May 2011 - 05:39 PM.
295	Huan	2011-05-23	HBO has posted its Inside the Episode video for Episode 6.
296	Maegor the Cruel	2011-05-25	Best scene IMHO, Eddard's condemnation of the Mountain and calling on Dondarrion to execute the King's justice.  The dark music, the controlled emotion in Bean's voice, the awed hush in the hall... pure magic.
"In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm..." (chills)
297	Ran	2011-05-22	Spoiler discussion for Episode 6, "A Golden Crown", for when it airs. Please do not post prior to that time.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 May 2011 - 05:39 PM.
298	King's Landing	2011-05-22	Here we go!!
299	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	I thinking TOJ dream sequence coming up...
300	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	Love that opening scene - especially keeping in the "pin on Jaime Lannister"!!
301	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	"I shall wear this as a badge or honor" "Wear it in silence or I shall honor you again"
I am so glad they kept that line in there.
302	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	there goes the "one time event of immune to fire"
303	King's Landing	2011-05-22	three eyed crow again...cool
304	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	Are we going to me Osha soon?
305	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	so far the small touches in this one are perfect - the comments, the leg cut, the three eyed crow heading down the hall and Drogo looking at Dany with pride
306	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	they didn't give much warning about the horse heart
307	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	I always pictured here a lot more pregnant for that scene.
308	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	I liked the Viserys/ Jorah confrontation.
Sets up Viserys' coming final crack
309	Axon	2011-05-22	More JQ = Syrio fodder in this one
310	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	I loved 'Robin's' reaction to the moon door opening.
311	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	very much loving how this episode is moving, not expecting verbatim word for word, but loving the feel of it.
Great scene with the "trial"
312	Carldog	2011-05-22	Thank you all for this in show play by play.  I have won ten $.
313	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	missed having Loras step forward to ask for the charge.
314	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	that was AWESOME! love the attitude Bronn & Tyrion had in that entire scene.
315	Axon	2011-05-22	Nice Joffrey is creepy
316	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	did Joffrey just give Sansa a Lion medallion?
That's got to be just a neon sign to anyone that's looking
317	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	that was cool to see the light come on for Ned, just like it was written.
he's nothing like his father...
318	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	the entire Theon - Roz arc just doesn't jive, especially that last exchange.
in. coming. crown.
319	Charles Phipps	2011-05-22	I like how they're subverting the whole, "Hooker with a heart of gold" stereotype with Roslin. She really couldn't give two ****s about Theon.
I confess, loving her seems DRASTICALLY out of character for Theon though.
320	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	best episode to date in my opinion.  Now just wish that Comcast offered HBO Go.
321	King's Landing	2011-05-22	Love the golden crown scene.  That was great.
322	IheartTesla	2011-05-22	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae
323	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	nice metallic clink when Viserys hit the ground
324	kairparavel	2011-05-22	Of all the book changes, the Roz one irks me the most. What's the point, exactly?
That was my favourite Dany scene there. She nailed it.
325	King's Landing	2011-05-22	comcast does offer it.  It is called Xfinity.  Just login through xfinity.  I have comcast and hbo go works for me.
					
					
							Edited by King's Landing, 22 May 2011 - 08:57 PM.
326	lounger	2011-05-22	best episode to date in my opinion.  Now just wish that Comcast offered HBO Go.They do.  Go to xfinity.tv and you can watch it now like I am
327	CelticCail	2011-05-22	What's with completely cutting out the wolves from the series, seriously.  I was not happy with the Bran/Rob/Osha woods scene wolf-free.  Uncool.  
Also, where the hell is Jon???  That's two episodes now!!!  
I did love the opening scene and Bron in the Eyrie.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Yay!  Most of the episode was great but I won't stop griping about making the wolves as small a part as the show seems to be doing.  And what's with all the Theon and Roz crap?  Who cares?  That scene was just to get some HBO vagina in there.  Lame.
328	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae 
Winner, winner.
329	Lord O' Bones	2011-05-22	That was all that is awesome. Can't wait to see what the whiners whine about the most this time.
330	Wellspring	2011-05-22	One word: Syrio.
331	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	best episode to date in my opinion.  Now just wish that Comcast offered HBO Go.Hmmm, that sucks for you. I have Comcast and am booting up the next episode right now.
332	CelticCail	2011-05-22	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae 
I'm positive GRRM was talking about the casting of Shae so I don't think that's true.
333	House Snow	2011-05-22	You guys complain too much.  That was a great episode from start to finish.  I din't really have any problems with it at all.  Alas I too am in the no HBO go zone with my cable provider.
334	Aganerral	2011-05-22	So a couple quick thoughts
It seems like they're setting Roz up to take Shae's place; she certainly have this much time in the book, and I don't remember any mention of her heading south.  Not sure that this is a big deal either; it would really just end up a name change.  Shae isn't much more of a character other than 'the camp follower Tyrion fell for'
They're also definitely playing up fireproof dragons.  A bit interesting since I remember seeing quotes from GRRM about the birth of the dragons and Dany's not burning being a one-time thing.  BUt again, not that big a deal, it adds a bit of mysticism to her, adds some foreshadowing, and doesn't have any long term impact on the story as written (so far)
Only really noted one added scene from teh books, showing Robert on the hunt.  Liked it, especially Lancel feeding him more wine, and Barristan looking a bit suspicious of that.
Still no direwolves for Bran and Robb though!
335	word	2011-05-22	My same thought is that they are setting up Roslin to be Shae.
336	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	That was all that is awesome. Can't wait to see what the whiners whine about the most this time.Well, well, well, Bonesy, you and I see eye to eye here. That was phenominal. Loved Viserys' smile and sigh of relief right before he received his crown. Stellar episode.
337	King's Landing	2011-05-22	Waiting to watch the episode again in an hour, then I may watch episode 7 on  hbogo tomorrow.  Still undecided, but I probably will at some point.
					
					
							Edited by King's Landing, 22 May 2011 - 09:02 PM.
338	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	Also, Shae has been cast, guys. Ros is just going off to have her own happy ending before shit hits the fan. No way she replaces Shae, sorry.
339	Tempra	2011-05-22	Waiting to watch the episode again in an hour, then I may watch episode 7 on  hbogo tomorrow.  Still undecided, but I probably will at some point.Ep 7 is going up early?
340	kairparavel	2011-05-22	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae 
No. She's been cast and credited in two upcoming episodes.
341	End of Disc One	2011-05-22	Not as good as last week's but still the second best episode.  I'm not a Dany fan though and I'm a real sucker for King's Landing politics.
342	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-22	Ahhhhh, a crown for Khal Raggat!
loved the show, especially the moment when Ned was all "oh no they didn't!" in his head as he realized the parentage of J, M and T.
343	Vuron	2011-05-22	That was all that is awesome. Can't wait to see what the whiners whine about the most this time.Loved it.  Favorite episode, yet.Just wait... I'm guessing a huge number of complaints about no wolves in the forest scene and no Jon.
344	House Snow	2011-05-22	Also on the Wolves.  I can understand people wanting them sprinkled out in more benign settings, which there really weren't many of.  But there was no way they could have put the wolves in any of the action settings.
345	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-22	Ep 7 is going up early?It's on HBO Go right now. Check HBO to see if your cable provider offers that.
346	Triskan	2011-05-22	That was all that is awesome. Can't wait to see what the whiners whine about the most this time.Well, well, well, Bonesy, you and I see eye to eye here. That was phenominal. Loved Viserys' smile and sigh of relief right before he received his crown. Stellar episode.Pretty much.  I mostly feel about this how I do about the LOTR films.  There are complaints and quibbles, but they're doing a great job in the grand scheme of things.  Loved the fight in the Vale.  Loved Tyrion tossing the purse as he walked out.  To those who complain a lot, would you rather they scrap it and let someone else instead of Dave and Dan give it a shot instead?  I would say "hell no" to that.  Syrio is so awesome.
347	King's Landing	2011-05-22	episode 7 is on HBOGO if you have it Tempra.
Also, this episode was the best of the season so far.  The only thing I have a complaint about is no direwolves with Rob/Theon/Bran in the forest.  Osha looks cool though.
348	Jonias Snow	2011-05-22	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae 
I figure one of the following scenarios.Option 1.) Tyrion has hired her to go to K.L. and work under Littlefinger, so she can spy for Tyrion and find out what's going on.Option 2.) She is already one of Littlefingers spies, and worked in Winterfell as his spy (she is how LF gets his Winterfell information). Petyr needs his best spy back in K.L. so he recalled her.Option 3.) She is replacing Shae.
					
					
							Edited by Jonias Snow, 22 May 2011 - 09:08 PM.
349	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Great episode. My favorite so far. Really intense and action-packed. The Bronn fight was amazing. The crowning of Viserys was surprisingly sad. Really well done.
My only complaint, very minor, is how mean Sansa was to Septa Mordane. Firstky, she surely knew the answer to those questions if she's been raised by her all her life, and secondly, the cruelness just felt unnecessary this time.
I think the Roslyn thing was just some more exposition showing that Theon has nothing going for him in Winterfell, and that everyone is leaving the North.
Didn't miss the wolves or Jon at all. My first 10/10 for the poll.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 May 2011 - 09:09 PM.
350	Lifendz	2011-05-22	Also, Shae has been cast, guys. Ros is just going off to have her own happy ending before shit hits the fan. No way she replaces Shae, sorry.I was wondering if Ros was going to be Shae. Glad to hear that's not the case. The battle between Bron and the Knight had some changes, but still was pretty good.
351	HokieStone	2011-05-22	Wow...that's some fast melting gold.
352	Jaime L	2011-05-22	Thought they hit it out of the park with the Bronn-Vardis Egan duel, Bran's encounter with the Wildlings, the crowning of Viserys and Ned's discovery (Arya's reactions to everything Sansa was saying was hilarious). Pretty much the whole episode was both true to the book and executed beautifully. 
Bout the only things I wanted to see that we didn't get was the Tower of Joy flashback (would've loved these to be the first scene of this episode before we realize it's a fever dream) and Loras volunteering to hunt down The Mountain so we could get that aside from LF about it being wise to make friends with the Tyrells if going against the Lannisters. Other than that, thought it hit all the right beats. And I hope Mord gets consideration for the Emmy he so richly deserves.
353	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	Random thought of the night: I was more than queasy watching Dany down that heart. My stomach literally churned.
354	Lifendz	2011-05-22	I was waiting for Loras to jump in and offer to lead the charge against Gregor. Guess they felt the need to get rid of that part.
355	Tempra	2011-05-22	It's on HBO Go right now. Check HBO to see if your cable provider offers that.Thanks.  I see it.  Sweet.
356	oneeye	2011-05-22	Ned and Robert were real strong this episode.
Loved "your Handness"
Wonder if we will see Roz again?
357	walrus	2011-05-22	Also, Shae has been cast, guys. Ros is just going off to have her own happy ending before shit hits the fan. No way she replaces Shae, sorry.If they want to give Ros a continuing part in the series, maybe they are setting her up to take Alayaya's role?
358	Mr. X	2011-05-22	Great episode. Now just wish that Comcast offered HBO Go.We have Time Warner, who don't offer HBO Go either. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
359	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	Great episode. We have Time Warner, who don't offer HBO Go either. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I just slapped my cable guy in protest. His response was, "We're getting it really soon." I replied, "Really soon is not tonight."
360	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	A great episode, I'm off to watch the next one now (if the damned site ever loads), but just a few remarks first.
- What is the point of Roz? 
- Love that they kept in the fact that Sansa leads Ned to figure it out.
- Glad to finally see the make-up scene between Sansa and Joffrey, and to see Sansa begging to stay with Joffrey, it means they haven't changed her storyline. 
- The absence of the direwolves has become way too noticeable.  They should have been with them in the woods.  I liked seeing Robb kick some ass, but still Summer should have ripped out the throats of the Wildlings.
- Osha seems spot on, from what we've seen.  I was worried about the actress when I first heard, but she is great so far.
- Once again Viserys was spot-on.  Every scene he was in was excellent. 
Overall, great episode.  Not as good as last week's though, but still amazing.  And the next one should only be better.
361	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	HBO GO must be getting just overwhelmed.  I have been trying to load for 5+ minutes now.
Wonder, have they done the early viewing there before for other series???
362	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	I'm going to miss Viserys. His actor was probably the best of the bunch (forget his name -- Harry Lloyd?)
363	Lifendz	2011-05-22	A great episode, I'm off to watch the next one now (if the damned site ever loads), but just a few remarks first.- What is the point of Roz? - Love that they kept in the fact that Sansa leads Ned to figure it out.- Glad to finally see the make-up scene between Sansa and Joffrey, and to see Sansa begging to stay with Joffrey, it means they haven't changed her storyline. - The absence of the direwolves has become way too noticeable.  They should have been with them in the woods.  I liked seeing Robb kick some ass, but still Summer should have ripped out the throats of the Wildlings.- Osha seems spot on, from what we've seen.  I was worried about the actress when I first heard, but she is great so far.- Once again Viserys was spot-on.  Every scene he was in was excellent. Overall, great episode.  Not as good as last week's though, but still amazing.  And the next one should only be better.Great points. The direwolves were so prominent in the book that it's sorta weird that they've been almost forgotten for the past few episodes. I was expecting Osha to be a little more imposing. In the book I got the picture of a lanky yet toned warrior. Here she looked rather short and unimposing. Still a great episode. Wish Time Warner authorized HBO Go.
364	Eve	2011-05-22	I'm going to whine about the direwolves...Whaaaaaaa
True Blood has all those fabulous wolves, they need to share.
365	House Snow	2011-05-22	Lloyd will definitely be missed. He took one of the worst characters in the book and completely reimagined the way I see him.  I feel like if I picked up the book now, because of him, I would enjoy the Dothraki scenes more than I did the first time around.  One thing I haven't seen talke about much is how much better the TV show is doing of uniting the Dothraki Westeros storyline that is done in the book where early on they felt way too much like too sepearate books.
366	Greywolf2375	2011-05-22	- The absence of the direwolves has become way too noticeable.  They should have been with them in the woods.  I liked seeing Robb kick some ass, but still Summer should have ripped out the throats of the Wildlings.I disagree with that - I knew they should have been there but didn't even think about them not showing up.  Not having them in there is making a more human story than a magical wolf interposing intself.  Don't get me wrong, I loved how the wolves and the kids bonded in the books, but not having them in the TV series a lot up to this point, just gotten used to it.
367	80r	2011-05-22	I was expecting Osha to be a little more imposing. In the book I got the picture of a lanky yet toned warrior. Here she looked rather short and unimposing. Still a great episode. Wish Time Warner authorized HBO Go.I remembered her being short.Great, great episode, though!
368	mimi	2011-05-22	Oh, I like this episode the best! What fabulous acting. Got to be some Emmy's here!
RIP 'Harry Lloyd'!! We'll miss you terribly. You were great!
Gah - no wonder everyone likes Sean Bean so much. He is one helluva actor, is he not?!
The Roz scene confused me but I trust D&D to have had a good reason....
Jane '----' was the producer of this episode? I LIKE her work!!
9/10 (saving my 10's with fingers X'd)
369	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	Gah - no wonder everyone likes Sean Bean so much. He is one helluva actor, is he not?!Oh yes! Forgot to mention previously: Ned sitting in for Robert and dishing out some true justice was absolutely epic.
370	CelticCail	2011-05-22	I remembered her being short.You remember wrong.  She's described as tall and lean.
371	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Also our first Beric sighting! Let's go BwB!
372	Eve	2011-05-22	Gah - no wonder everyone likes Sean Bean so much. He is one helluva actor, is he not?!I love every word coming out of his mouth!
373	Starkess	2011-05-22	At this point, the wolves have been so absent I don't even notice anymore. Which is kinda sad.I thought it was a superb episode! Could not WAIT for Viserys to get his fucking crown (although I must say, no wayyy in hell gold melts that fast over that little fire). Love Syrio, love Arya. Love to hate Sansa. So many great little glances between characters. Love love love!But of course there are always nit picks. Like I said, the melting gold really stretched credulity. Also did not like Dany being completely immune to fire. I thought that was just the specialness of the weird blood magic dragon birthing. And she seemed a little psycho when she watched Viserys die--but I'm not a Dany fan in the books so it's probably only natural I don't really like her in the show. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I actually liked the random Theon/Roz scene, but it did puzzle me. Why is Roz suddenly a major character? Why did we ignore Theon for 3 episodes just to add in more time that doesn't really add anything? Just seems like weird choices to make, and perhaps confusing for the non-reader who expects Roz to, you know, matter.The horse heart was fantastically gross!
374	House Snow	2011-05-22	Also superimpressed by the kids in this episode.  Those were some pretty hard scenes to pull off for kids and they did an awesome job.  "Oh wait I don't care"  LOL
375	Jaime L	2011-05-22	I disagree with that - I knew they should have been there but didn't even think about them not showing up.  Not having them in there is making a more human story than a magical wolf interposing intself.  Don't get me wrong, I loved how the wolves and the kids bonded in the books, but not having them in the TV series a lot up to this point, just gotten used to it.Agreed. There's only certain scenes that need a direwolf: Nymeria attacking Joffrey, Ghost threatening Rast, Summer ripping the throat out of the assassin and we've had it. While it'd be nice to be 100% accurate in all these other scenes, they're not an essential. Feel the same way about Rickon. Would be nice to see him but in no way is essential to the story to this point.
376	Starkess	2011-05-22	My stupid cable company (some shitty local place that is my only option) doesn't have HBO GO. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Although given my first day of class is in the morning, that's probably actually a good thing!
377	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	Oh yes! Forgot to mention previously: Ned sitting in for Robert and dishing out some true justice was absolutely epic.That was definitely a hightlight.   Too bad Ned couldn't have sat in on Robert & Cersei's conversation in the last episode.   He should know that the Baratheon/ Lannister marriage is what's holding the realm together.Ned just sat up there and pronounced justice the way a king or lord should and all the people there so totally WTF/OMG/Did he just????
378	madking	2011-05-22	Loved the scene where sansas telling ned how she wants to marry her prince and that joffery is so great and arya just laughs at her
379	damian	2011-05-22	ned's reply to littlefinger's line about money winning wars was awesome.
380	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-22	Also superimpressed by the kids in this episode.  Those were some pretty hard scenes to pull off for kids and they did an awesome job.  "Oh wait I don't care"  LOLExactly. Even though I was a bit taken aback by Sansa's petulance, Sophie did a great job with how the character has been re-envisioned.I cackled at Sweetrobin. Good gods, is he a creepy little shit, but so entertaining. His reaction to the opening of the Moon Door (which was also mentioned by another boarder) was great. And Creepy.
381	Vuron	2011-05-22	My stupid cable company (some shitty local place that is my only option) doesn't have HBO GO. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Although given my first day of class is in the morning, that's probably actually a good thing!Don't feel too bad.  I have HBOGO, but the site must be getting crushed because I can't even get in.  Maybe they should have tested their bandwidth before they offered this?
382	House Snow	2011-05-22	On Theon,  while they are a little gratuitous I kind of like the Theon scenes.  He was too invisible in the first book and I felt wasn't really setup well to be the character he became in winterfell when he went home.  This Theon is being perfectly setup to be that character.  I totally see this Theon being a backstabber and interacting with his family the way he does when he gets home.
383	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	Looks like it's HBOnoGO for me tonight.  Still won't load and it's been almost 20 minutes.    It's gonna be a tought call at 11; rewatch episode 6 on the tv or keep trying to get on HBOGO to watch episode 7, hopefully people will have seen the episode then and will log off.
384	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	Jane '----' was the producer of this episode? I LIKE her work!!9/10 (saving my 10's with fingers X'd)Espenson, of Buffy/Firefly fame. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
385	Joey Geko	2011-05-22	"There is only one god: death"  Did they really just have Syrio say that?! Makes me wonder: did they get info from George, and basically just confirm SF=JH, are the writers/producers aware of the theories and just fucking with us, or is it nothing and I am reading too much into it?
386	Nefarias Bredd	2011-05-22	I think we saw Renly confronting Robert on the hunt instead of Loras/LF in the throne room to further set up his approaching Ned later on.  It's clear that the show is trying to explain Renly's motives and link him to the Tyrells more clearly than was initially done in the book, though I still would have liked to see the Loras scene.  
Still loved the episode and though I noticed the lack of wolves it didn't really bother me.
387	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-22	I was wondering if Ros was going to be Shae. Glad to hear that's not the case. The battle between Bron and the Knight had some changes, but still was pretty good.It makes most sense for Ros to replace Chataya and her daughter. They would be two more characters the audience would have to get used to and that HBO would have to pay. Since Tyrion already knows Ros, it would make sense for him to go to her brothel as the cover story, instead of Chataya's.
					
					
							Edited by LugaJetBoyGirl, 22 May 2011 - 09:38 PM.
388	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-22	Tonight's episode was written by Jane Espenson. She wrote on her Twitter page:Oooh!  Oooh!  My ep of Game of Thrones is finally on tonight!  So excited!  Hope you like it!If you enjoyed the show you might want to send her some feedback:http://twitter.com/#!/JaneEspenson
389	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	Any takes on the Robert/Renly interaction on the hunt??
I can see that Robert's constant 'glory days' stories would wear thin, especially when accompanied by the put downs etc., but it seemed like there was some genuine animosity there.
So the question is...does HBO Robert know about Renly and Loras.    I think it's pretty clear that book Robert doesn't--he says to Ned that Loras is 'the exact sort of son a man  would want' after the tourney--not something I think he'd say if he knew he was his brother's lover.
It's completely believable that book Robert is clueless.    But HBO Robert is presented as a little more aware.  Still a bad king, but at least aware of things happening.
390	oneeye	2011-05-22	I thought we proved SF is not JH in some long threads?
Hmm seems Roz is going to be the main topic of this week ;p
I like how they gave Dany a little fire resistance, we have not seen much magic yet: the wights, bran's dream, the direwolves, Dany and fire, and maybe the blondness/black hair running true thing for Lannisters and Baratheons respectively. Even Gandalf had more magic than this!
I am sure Dany will burn again once the dragons are hatched. Or if not even better.
391	blasted_saber	2011-05-22	Good episode. Loved the "golden crown" scene. Ned ordering justice was probably the highlight for me.
392	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	"There is only one god: death"  Did they really just have Syrio say that?! Makes me wonder: did they get info from George, and basically just confirm SF=JH, are the writers/producers aware of the theories and just fucking with us, or is it nothing and I am reading too much into it?That was my first thought as well. Alarm bells started going off in my head.But, ironically, it was probably a coincidence.
393	VikingLegion	2011-05-22	(although I must say, no wayyy in hell gold melts that fast over that little fire). ... But of course there are always nit picks. Like I said, the melting gold really stretched credulity.I was thinking the same, but c'mon, what are they supposed to do?  Spend 10 minutes waiting on it to melt while we watch Viserys plead?  Cut away to another location while it's melting and then come back to it?  That would utterly demolish the tension and anticipation of the moment.Just roll with it.  This episode was magnificent and, maybe moreso than any previous effort, will really get the non-readers fired up in the storyline.  So much ground has been laid, now it's time for the shit to really hit the fan.I'm really going to miss the actor who played Viserys - he did a brilliant job.  My last thought of the night:  is there any chance we still get a Tower of Joy dream sequence?  Or has that ship sailed already with Ned recovered enough to sit the throne in Robert's absence?  It's not a deal-breaker for me, but I'd sorely love to see that scene.  Here's to hoping the DVD/BR has bonus material, I won't give up just yet!!
394	awesome possum	2011-05-22	What a great episode.  My only complaint is that HBOGO isn't loading!
395	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	My last thought of the night:  is there any chance we still get a Tower of Joy dream sequence?  Or has that ship sailed already with Ned recovered enough to sit the throne in Robert's absence?  It's not a deal-breaker for me, but I'd sorely love to see that scene.  Here's to hoping the DVD/BR has bonus material, I won't give up just yet!!I think there's a chance that when he get's imprisoned that his wound will take a turn for the worse, Pycelle will be giving him pain meds and we'll see it then.
396	House Snow	2011-05-22	Honestly if they want too they can add a dream sequence anytime they want.  People were worked up about the three eyed crow and they showed it twice.
397	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	The Three-Eyed Crow dream is obviously being toned way down to simply foreshadow Ned's death. Each time it will go a little further into the crypts and then the final one will show Ned there.
398	Lord O' Bones	2011-05-22	Well, well, well, Bonesy, you and I see eye to eye here. Wait. Is this abnormal? Other than our battles in circumcision threads?Random thought of the night: I was more than queasy watching Dany down that heart. My stomach literally churned.This couldn't possibly have to do with outside influence of course.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
399	Triskan	2011-05-22	Random thought of the night: I was more than queasy watching Dany down that heart. My stomach literally churned.My roommate and her friend walked in during that scene.  They were like "WTF are you watching?"  Then I reminded one of them that it was that Game of Thrones show with ads all over town.  But then I was like "this is probably the most hardcore scene, I swear."  She was like suuuure.
400	Mya Stone	2011-05-22	Wait. Is this abnormal? Other than our battles in circumcision threads?This couldn't possibly have to do with outside influence of course.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Nah, doll, I usually agree with you except when it comes to "mutilation." /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> And to your second point, well, yes, of course it did - but it was f-ing graphic, was it not? (I'm not complaining about that; it was just a lot of chewing and blood and swallowing and gagging. I felt her pain.) /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />
401	Joey Geko	2011-05-22	Watching the show with my folks, and as soon as Robert hit Cersei, my mom shouts: "About time!". Leave it to the Mad Queen to have women supporting spousal abuse!  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
402	Lord O' Bones	2011-05-22	it was just a lot of chewing and blood and swallowing and gagging. I felt her pain.) That tends to happen with "horse lords"ahem
403	LadyStormHeart	2011-05-22	Where are the dire wolves in this screen adaptation??!?!
404	IheartTesla	2011-05-22	The only thing jarring to me was the Dothraki feast. Seemed a bit too strip-club like. I swear, there were people seated in booths while women swayed in front of them. I guess part of the problem is we don't have too much literature or knowledge of how a horse loving nomadic society lived from day to day while enough templates exist for a medieval style setting. Even the wildlings have analogs in European barbarian cultures.
405	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Where are the dire wolves in this screen adaptation??!?!Perpetually off hunting.
406	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	Exactly. Even though I was a bit taken aback by Sansa's petulance, Sophie did a great job with how the character has been re-envisioned.I cackled at Sweetrobin. Good gods, is he a creepy little shit, but so entertaining. His reaction to the opening of the Moon Door (which was also mentioned by another boarder) was great. And Creepy.I actually thought both Sweetrobin and Sansa were the worst of the episode.  I can not believe Robin when he says he "wants to see the bad man fly" and Sansa had a little too much 21st Century teenage angst for me to buy her "I don't care" bit. Her scene with Joffrey though was great.
407	VikingLegion	2011-05-22	Honestly if they want too they can add a dream sequence anytime they want.  People were worked up about the three eyed crow and they showed it twice.I hear what you're saying, but in this case the guy that would dream that sequence is kinda running low on time...Hotpie is right though, there's still a good opportunity for it, I'm just getting a little bit antsy.
408	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	I liked Robin in this episode better than in the first. And I already mentioned my piece about the Sansa bit... the actress is great, the rudeness to Septa entirely un-Sansa-like. But they don't want us to route for all the Starks on the screen, apparently.
409	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Eddard dishing out the King's justice was beyond badass. Although, him invoking that Tywin come answer for Gregor's crimes seemed a bit much. I don't think he went that far in the novel, and it seems sort of hotheaded and foolish. But then, we know how this all ends up... so it does not really surprise me. Sean Bean is so awesome!
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 May 2011 - 10:13 PM.
410	Trebla	2011-05-22	I agree with whomever said they think Roz is replacing Alayaya. Perhaps even Chataya since LF seems to run instead.
411	End of Disc One	2011-05-22	All right over-critical hosers. I'm off to watch episode 7 and then go outside and play. Possibly with real people.Now I know why these threads reach 50 pages by Monday. You fuckers complain too much, and don't even let the West Coast participate until a few hours later. Let alone the Brits the next day.Not sure who you're talking about but I totally agree about people complaining too much.
412	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-22	I'm trying hard to think of places where this episode might have felt rushed...like every other episode has.  Not really coming up with anything.
The Dothraki storyline really had plenty of time, and I thought the added scenes, especially Viserys and Jorah good.
I can't think of anything really in the Vale that could have been added; they had plenty of time w/ Tyrion and Mord and the 'trial' and fight were well portrayed.
Missed the wolves in Winterfell scenes, but that's not really a time issue.
Same in King's Landing w/ the throne room; would have liked see Loras make his offer there; but other than that, all the scenes were well paced.
I think this episode rates as my favorite just because it didn't feel rushed at all.
Of course they also had great material to work with and one of the best possible endings.
413	Noir Dove	2011-05-22	Okay, since this is a thread about the show I'm going to creep in ask my questions and quietly beg that no one throws tomatoes at me.
I have yet to finish book 1. I'm a slacker, I know, let's move on shall we?
So my question is... I loved the Scene with Dany and the eggs in the fire. But does she really have that kind of power in the book? I think it's a great touch, to somehow makes her... more grand, more true than her brother. That she is a dragon and can withstand the heat.
414	VikingLegion	2011-05-22	Watching the show with my folks, and as soon as Robert hit Cersei, my mom shouts: "About time!". Leave it to the Mad Queen to have women supporting spousal abuse!  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Too funny, my wife had the EXACT same reaction.
415	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	Okay, since this is a thread about the show I'm going to creep in ask my questions and quietly beg that no one throws tomatoes at me.I have yet to finish book 1. I'm a slacker, I know, let's move on shall we?So my question is... I loved the Scene with Dany and the eggs in the fire. But does she really have that kind of power in the book? I think it's a great touch, to somehow makes her... more grand, more true than her brother. That she is a dragon and can withstand the heat.At this point in the book it is only known that previous Targaryens were very serious about thinking themselves dragon-related, if not dragons themselves -- and tests such as this with both good and bad results were carried out. Whether Daenerys is unique in not being burnt is up to you.Keep reading -- and by the way, there are too many twists and turns to hang out in spoiler threads.
416	Aoife	2011-05-22	All right over-critical hosers. I'm off to watch episode 7 and then go outside and play. Possibly with real people.Now I know why these threads reach 50 pages by Monday. You fuckers complain too much, and don't even let the West Coast participate until a few hours later. Let alone the Brits the next day.Hosers? Have you turned into a Canuckian?Are Benjen and Ned the Bob and Doug McKenzie of Westeros? So does that make Littlefinger Brewmeister Smith? Oh god, I need to stop thinking about this now.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 22 May 2011 - 10:21 PM.
417	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-22	Great episode--maybe my favorite yet, even without the Kingslayer, who is one of my favorite two or three characters in the series.  I loved the crowning, as well as the Viserys/Jorah scene.  Harry Lloyd did a phenomenal job with the character.  I will miss him, which definitely isn't something I ever said of 'The Beggar King' in the books.
This is the first time I ever consciously took note of the missing wolves, since Summer had a rather significant part in that little fight in the book.  It really doesn't bother me, though.
The eating of the heart was gross.  It wasn't that bad in the book, but seeing it on-screen was a very different experience.  But I guess that was kind of the point...
418	Mr Bean	2011-05-22	I'm trying hard to think of places where this episode might have felt rushed...like every other episode has.  Not really coming up with anything.The Dothraki storyline really had plenty of time, and I thought the added scenes, especially Viserys and Jorah good.I think this episode rates as my favorite just because it didn't feel rushed at all.Of course they also had great material to work with and one of the best possible endings.I'd have liked another twenty seconds or so of Visery's pleading.  He throws the belt in it starts melting and Visery's is still calling himself king and demanding they release him, then him realizing what Drogo has planned and switching to pleading.  Just to give the time for the gold to melt and for we the viewers to build up that much more dread.  But that's a tiny nitpick.However the Ros scene?  Totally unneeded, every Ros scene to date felt un-needed, unless they wow us with something down the road I'm going to call her wasted. Especially since the Ros time could have gone to Summer eating a wilding.*EditWanted add in my favorite lineRobin:And then what happen?(Everyone watching with myself cracked up as did I for a good ten seconds)
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 22 May 2011 - 10:29 PM.
419	Noir Dove	2011-05-22	At this point in the book it is only known that previous Targaryens were very serious about thinking themselves dragon-related, if not dragons themselves -- and tests such as this with both good and bad results were carried out. Whether Daenerys is unique in not being burnt is up to you.Keep reading -- and by the way, there are too many twists and turns to hang out in spoiler threads.Thank you for the insight. And I know I'm misbehaving by hanging out in spoiler threads, but I don't mind being spoiled. I'm an analyzer, that is what makes reading epic like this fun for me. So I would be less upset knowing that Ned dies at the end of book one than I would be if I didn't get to talk about it afterwards /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
420	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-22	Okay, since this is a thread about the show I'm going to creep in ask my questions and quietly beg that no one throws tomatoes at me.I have yet to finish book 1. I'm a slacker, I know, let's move on shall we?So my question is... I loved the Scene with Dany and the eggs in the fire. But does she really have that kind of power in the book? I think it's a great touch, to somehow makes her... more grand, more true than her brother. That she is a dragon and can withstand the heat.I'm sure you'll get a billion responses along the same lines, but you really, really don't want to be in this thread if you haven't finished the book. If you can't stand to wait to find out what happens in the show, maybe read some more. But don't deprive yourself of the awesome first time experiencing some iconic moments of the series by having it given away in this thread. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Let's see...Dany eating the heart was way different than I'd always imagined but the way that they pulled it off was great. The spinning camera, Mormont offering a little explanation of what was going on but not too much, the whole cult-like atmosphere. Wow! Even without them saying you could feel what a big deal it was when she was down on her knees and almost barfing.Liked the second emphasis on Dany's heat resistance. It was good to have that reminder before the close of the episode, so the viewer gets when she says that Viserys was no dragon. Great sound effect for Viserys just kind of going... clank... as his crowned skull dropped to the floor.I could watch Arya and Syrio all the time. Another nice little scene to keep that connection fresh in our minds before the shit hits the fan.
421	Lady Disdain	2011-05-22	"There is only one god: death"  Did they really just have Syrio say that?! Makes me wonder: did they get info from George, and basically just confirm SF=JH, are the writers/producers aware of the theories and just fucking with us, or is it nothing and I am reading too much into it?I was very surprised when he said that. We know George is a consultant for the show, but I can't imagine him giving away something so spoiler-y. I think the writers are just messing with us, but time will tell.
422	Kaitscralt	2011-05-22	I was very surprised when he said that. We know George is a consultant for the show, but I can't imagine him giving away something so spoiler-y. I think the writers are just messing with us, but time will tell.Either way, you just know George is laughing his ass off about it.
423	Lady Disdain	2011-05-22	Am I the only one who doesn't like the way they're characterizing Theon in this series? I much preferred the ambiguity of the first book, where we know he's a ward because of his father's rebellion, but don't know where his loyalties lie until we get his POV.
And I loathe the scenes with Ros. If she isn't going to be Shae next season (which I don't believe she is for all the reasons above, and if she were, why would she leave a fairly stable brothel job in king's landing to become a camp follower?), then why is she getting so much screen time? It seems like a pretty transparent way to up the gratuitous nudity quotient.
424	Lord Godric	2011-05-22	I was very surprised when he said that. We know George is a consultant for the show, but I can't imagine him giving away something so spoiler-y. I think the writers are just messing with us, but time will tell.I am no supporter of the Syrio=Jaquen theory, but this scene gave me pause too.  Either they are confirming it, or just screwing with us.  Either way, it is slightly maddening.
425	Rockroi	2011-05-22	As I wait for the episode to load via HBOgo (whatever that is) here are my thoughts on A Golden Crown:1. The Delay: It was so minor it may have been lost, but Robert waited that fraction of a second before striking Cersei.  He knew what he was doing: it wasn't rage, it wasn't anger.  He knew what he was doing and waited to decide if he would hit her or not.  I like how that small little detail made that moment far far more hurtful. 2. And the Emmy for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Drama) goes to ...: Peter Dinklage was Tyrion Lannister almost before many of us knew the series was a "go" or not.  This week Tyrion Lannister owned a whole episode and it was largely because Peter Dinklage acted about as any actor has sicne the series began.  From trying to woo Mort to his gleeful excitement when Ser Vardas made it out the Moon Door (big improvement btw having the door in the floor), Dinklage made every moment he was on the screen count.  And he made everyone know that he's just smarter than everyone else.  And that includes the silly people from the Vale.His "confession" scene was as good as any other in the series so far: it showed the Vale Court, it detailed how both antiquated and weak it seemed; it showed how the King's Justice is done, and it centered on Tyrion.  I guess it was about 10 minutes after that scene ended that I remembered that Tyrion was a dwarf, because as far as I was concerned Tyrion stood 10 feet tall the whole scene.  GReat stuff. 3. The Man That Had Been Her Brother: Although the book scene had more tension and more gruesomeness, the finality of Viserys Targaryen's head thunking off the bare ground was tremendous.  As others have said, the actor playing Viserys has been maybe the best conversion of any character from book to show (Robert being the obvious other).  But he once again showed how completely hopeless and maniacal Viserys was.  And he also gave us that glimpse into the character: he's been living his whole life for his clan without love, power or fear.  And Dany now has that all.  What is he supposed to do?  I think the answer is... win or die.  4. I like a Good Fight   Bronn v. Vardas was loads of fun and Bronn is now just a great character.  5. Ned and Arya: I like how he plays off of her and how she enjoys being in on his jokes. 6. I'll take The Rapist for $200:   I wonder how many masterbation puns they went through before Dinklage found the 3 or 4 that they stuck with?  Regardless, it was brilliant.  The Iffy:1. The Lack of Direwolves is now, officially, a problem: Yes, I know: they were hard to train.  Gotcha.  But now they have been completely forgotten.  In the books, the direwolves are a HUGE part of the series and the lives of these children.  In the show?  The most we have seen of any direwolf has been long enough to have them die or become abandoned.  The remedy is simple: CGI.  Otherwise, have the wolves die in a horrible blimp accident, because its a complete waste otherwise.  2. So, the Dothraki Hoard is Made up of, what, 16 guys?  And a couple of hot chicks?  I know, I know- production costs etc.  I overlooked it at the KHal's wedding reception (I mean Feast); I overlooked it when the Hand's get-together ( I mean tournament).  And now... It happened twice this episode.  The first was Robert's hunting scene.  He's the King.  He does not go hunting with just three other guys; he takes a huge contingency filled with pomp and/or circumstance... and probably a horse or two.  To see Robert basically out hunting the way I picture Larry the Cable Guy hunt was not just empty in scope and in feeling, but it was COMPLETELY unnecessary.  What would we have lost had that scene been skipped?  The only thing we would have lost would have been Lancel giving Robert drinks: something we ALSO missed when we all read the books and the importance was not lost on us then.The Khal's "celebration" was just flat. In the book, its a huge scene- the whole dothraki hoard is theer as well as several other khals.  I mean, I completely understand they have confines to work within here, but one of the things they should strive for is authenticity.  It was lost with Robert hunting (a scene we could EASILY have live without).  But this scene was huge.  And what do we get?  They couldn't even spring for a cut-away of a shot of blind old men and some skinny boys when they said to Viserys "Your Place is there."  What were they pointing at?  I half-expected to see a cutaway of a blank piece of screen that said "Photo Not Available."  But now make no mistake: I would rather a half-filled scene than no scene at all ... unless we are talking about Robert hunting in which case, I would have appreciated no scene at all.  The bad:1. He Dreamed the Old Dream Again... Where Absolutely Nothing Happened: No ToJ?  Fail.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 22 May 2011 - 10:45 PM.
426	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	As I wait for the episode to load via HBOgo (whatever that is) here are my thoughts on A Golden Crown:1. The Delay: It was so minor it may have been lost, but Robert waited that fraction of a second before striking Cersei.  He knew what he was doing: it wasn't rage, it wasn't anger.  He knew what he was doing and waited to decide if he would hit her or not.  I like how that small little detail made that moment far far more hurtful. 2. And the Emmy for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Drama) goes to ...: Peter Dinklage was Tyrion Lannister almost before many of us knew the series was a "go" or not.  This week Tyrion Lannister owned a whole episode and it was largely because Peter Dinklage acted about as any actor has sicne the series began.  From trying to woo Mort to his gleeful excitement when Ser Vardas made it out the Moon Door (big improvement btw having the door in the floor), Dinklage made every moment he was on the screen count.  And he made everyone know that he's just smarter than everyone else.  And that includes the silly people from the Vale.His "confession" scene was as good as any other in the series so far: it showed the Vale Court, it detailed how both antiquated and weak it seemed; it showed how the King's Justice is done, and it centered on Tyrion.  I guess it was about 10 minutes after that scene ended that I remembered that Tyrion was a dwarf, because as far as I was concerned Tyrion stood 10 feet tall the whole scene.  GReat stuff. 3. The Man That Had Been Her Brother: Although the book scene had more tension and more gruesomeness, the finality of Viserys Targaryen's head thunking off the bare ground was tremendous.  As others have said, the actor playing Viserys has been maybe the best conversion of any character from book to show (Robert being the obvious other).  But he once again showed how completely hopeless and maniacal Viserys was.  And he also gave us that glimpse into the character: he's been living his whole life for his clan without love, power or fear.  And Dany now has that all.  What is he supposed to do?  I think the answer is... win or die.  4. I like a Good Fight   Bronn v. Vardas was loads of fun and Bronn is now just a great character.  The Iffy:1. The Lack of Direwolves is now, officially, a problem: Yes, I know: they were hard to train.  Gotcha.  But now they have been completely forgotten.  In the books, the direwolves are a HUGE part of the series and the lives of these children.  In the show?  The most we have seen of any direwolf has been long enough to have them die or become abandoned.  The remedy is simple: CGI.  Otherwise, have the wolves die in a horrible blimp accident, because its a complete waste otherwise.  2. So, the Dothraki Hoard is Made up of, what, 16 guys?  And a couple of hot chicks?  I know, I know- production costs etc.  I overlooked it at the KHal's wedding reception (I mean Feast); I overlooked it when the Hand's get-together ( I mean tournament).  And now... It happened twice this episode.  The first was Robert's hunting scene.  He's the King.  He does not go hunting with just three other guys; he takes a huge contingency filled with pomp and/or circumstance... and probably a horse or two.  To see Robert basically out hunting the way I picture Larry the Cable Guy hunt was not just empty in scope and in feeling, but it was COMPLETELY unnecessary.  What would we have lost had that scene been skipped?  The only thing we would have lost would have been Lancel giving Robert drinks: something we ALSO missed when we all read the books and the importance was not lost on us then.The Khal's "celebration" was just flat. In the book, its a huge scene- the whole dothraki hoard is theer as well as several other khals.  I mean, I completely understand they have confines to work within here, but one of the things they should strive for is authenticity.  It was lost with Robert hunting (a scene we could EASILY have live without).  But this scene was huge.  And what do we get?  They couldn't even spring for a cut-away of a shot of blind old men and some skinny boys when they said to Viserys "Your Place is there."  What were they pointing at?  I half-expected to see a cutaway of a blank piece of screen that said "Photo Not Available."  But now make no mistake: I would rather a half-filled scene than no scene at all ... unless we are talking about Robert hunting in which case, I would have appreciated no scene at all.  The bad:1. He Dreamed the Old Dream Again... Where Absolutely Nothing Happened: No ToJ?  Fail.I'm sure they agree with you and would love to have those scenes seem bigger and more dynamic. But they only had so much to work with. They weren't even sure they were getting a second season. If this show stays a success and they're still skimping on next season, that would be the time to bitch, not now.
427	Lady Disdain	2011-05-22	As I wait for the episode to load via HBOgo (whatever that is) here are my thoughts on A Golden Crown:The Iffy:1. The Lack of Direwolves is now, officially, a problem: Yes, I know: they were hard to train.  Gotcha.  But now they have been completely forgotten.  In the books, the direwolves are a HUGE part of the series and the lives of these children.  In the show?  The most we have seen of any direwolf has been long enough to have them die or become abandoned.  The remedy is simple: CGI.  Otherwise, have the wolves die in a horrible blimp accident, because its a complete waste otherwise.  This is really starting to annoy me. If they continue to ignore the significance of the direwolves as extensions of the characters of the Stark children, and their roles as their protectors, then why even bother showing Lady's death, and Nymeria's getting chased off? They're shown most consistently as little more than occasional pets ):
428	Lady Disdain	2011-05-22	I'm sure they agree with you and would love to have those scenes seem bigger and more dynamic. But they only had so much to work with. They weren't even sure they were getting a second season. I have to agree. As disappointed as I occasionally am with the scale of the scenes (especially the all the Dothraki events and the Hand's tourney) I would rather they stay on budget than go the way of Rome.
429	Trebond	2011-05-22	"Annnnd then I will marry Joffrey and have his babies and - "
"Seven hells."
That Arya/Sansa exchange had me in stitches.
430	CelticCail	2011-05-22	Especially since the Ros time could have gone to Summer eating a wilding.Haha, AMEN TO THAT!
431	TrueMetis	2011-05-22	As I wait for the episode to load via HBOgo (whatever that is) here are my thoughts on A Golden Crown:1. The Delay: It was so minor it may have been lost, but Robert waited that fraction of a second before striking Cersei.  He knew what he was doing: it wasn't rage, it wasn't anger.  He knew what he was doing and waited to decide if he would hit her or not.  I like how that small little detail made that moment far far more hurtful. Did he delay? I didn't even notice.Anyway maybe it is because I read the books but the Joffery/Sansa seen came off really creepy. And Robin is a little shit, I preferred him in the books.
432	Rockroi	2011-05-22	f this show stays a success and they're still skimping on next season, that would be the time to bitch, not now.Actually, no.  Its my opinion on what I liked and what I did not like.  I am sure they have their reasons as to why certain things had to be done- you will note, of course, that I say as much when I say I would like a half-filled scene than no scene at all.  However, I am making commentary on the issues I have noticed and that I either liked or did not like.  You may feel free to disagree with them or make comments of your own; but decrying that somehow "now is not the time" (like we are at funeral or something) is not really in the cards.
433	CelticCail	2011-05-22	And Robin is a little shit, I preferred him in the books.My husband and I thought he was being portrayed perfectly like in the books.  He's a total little shit in the books!
434	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-22	My husband and I thought he was being portrayed perfectly like in the books.  He's a total little shit in the books!Totally agree.
435	TrueMetis	2011-05-22	My husband and I thought he was being portrayed perfectly like in the books.  He's a total little shit in the books!I thought he was described as being more sickly, in this he just looks like a little kid.
436	LadyMary	2011-05-22	I am no supporter of the Syrio=Jaquen theory, but this scene gave me pause too.  Either they are confirming it, or just screwing with us.  Either way, it is slightly maddening.Maybe it's just a Braavosi thing.
437	Jaime L	2011-05-22	If nothing else, Tyrion in this episode taught us multiple medieval euphemisms for masturbation:  I milked my eel, I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage, I made the bald man cry.The last one is I'm sure 100% intentional foreshadowing to his coming time in Kings Landing.
438	Joey Geko	2011-05-22	I was very surprised when he said that. We know George is a consultant for the show, but I can't imagine him giving away something so spoiler-y. I think the writers are just messing with us, but time will tell.I'm fairly certain it was said that Mr. Martin has let DnD in on many upcoming/unrevealed plot points as (god forbid!) the show may end up further ahead than the books. SF=JH seems like a point that may have been discussed, either confirmed or denied.George may not troll the boards, but I find it improbable that the rest of the production crew doesn't.Dunno...
439	NestorMakhnosLovechild	2011-05-22	As I wait for the episode to load via HBOgo (whatever that is) here are my thoughts on A Golden Crown:The first was Robert's hunting scene.  He's the King.  He does not go hunting with just three other guys; he takes a huge contingency filled with pomp and/or circumstance... and probably a horse or two.  To see Robert basically out hunting the way I picture Larry the Cable Guy hunt was not just empty in scope and in feeling, but it was COMPLETELY unnecessary.  What would we have lost had that scene been skipped?  The only thing we would have lost would have been Lancel giving Robert drinks: something we ALSO missed when we all read the books and the importance was not lost on us then.... But now make no mistake: I would rather a half-filled scene than no scene at all ... unless we are talking about Robert hunting in which case, I would have appreciated no scene at all.  I am totally digging the series so far but I could. not. agree. more. about the hunting scene. It was so perplexing in its total incompetence and really, served no other purposes other than for Renly to throw a hissy. Seeing the four of them just march determinedly through the forest... so bad.
440	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	Actually, no.  Its my opinion on what I liked and what I did not like.  I am sure they have their reasons as to why certain things had to be done- you will note, of course, that I say as much when I say I would like a half-filled scene than no scene at all.  However, I am making commentary on the issues I have noticed and that I either liked or did not like.  You may feel free to disagree with them or make comments of your own; but decrying that somehow "now is not the time" (like we are at funeral or something) is not really in the cards.Somebody's not used to having their opinion challenged. What now, shall we duel?  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
441	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2011-05-22	Highlights: 
- Sean Beans magnificent acting
- Bronn versus Ser Vardis
- Bran being all lordly
- Syrio, of course
- The crowning moment
- Robert slapping Cersei (I'm not for domestic abuse, but I firmly believe some fictional characters should get slapped despite gender or social status)
Downers: 
- Sansa sulking
- Theon pestering Robb and Robb acting all insecure
- The wildling "attack" was very meh
- The "hunting"
All in all a very good episode!
442	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	Maybe it's just a Braavosi thing.That was my thought on it.
443	Lady Disdain	2011-05-22	I'm fairly certain it was said that Mr. Martin has let DnD in on many upcoming/unrevealed plot points as (god forbid!) the show may end up further ahead than the books. SF=JH seems like a point that may have been discussed, either confirmed or denied.George may not troll the boards, but I find it improbable that the rest of the production crew doesn't.Dunno...I hadn't heard that (which isn't surprising, as I'm pretty ill-informed most of the time), but it makes perfect sense.I guess the fishiest thing about that line was that it seemed very heavy-handed. A little more nuance would have been appreciated, but we seem to be losing a lot of that in the tv adaption (not that I don't love it anyway).
444	Jaime L	2011-05-22	I am totally digging the series so far but I could. not. agree. more. about the hunting scene. It was so perplexing in its total incompetence and really, served no other purposes other than for Renly to throw a hissy. Seeing the four of them just march determinedly through the forest... so bad.I think Renly is the most disappointing portrayal in the series. He's supposed to be this smooth, charismatic, amiable guy. I remember the sense from my earliest reads that he was the only hope to stand with Ned in this snakepit of schemers and liars that is Kings Landing - the echo of what Robert once was. Granted over the course of the first two books he is revealed as all style without substance, but hey, at least he had style. Here, he's like Viserys-lite. All whiny angst over the hand he was dealt. Thank God Little Red Riding Lancel was on the hunt or Renly would come off the most pathetic character two episodes running which is not the role he should play in my opinion. Honestly it's going to be hard to imagine him becoming the king he will be in the second season.
445	SFA-OK	2011-05-22	I am totally digging the series so far but I could. not. agree. more. about the hunting scene. It was so perplexing in its total incompetence and really, served no other purposes other than for Renly to throw a hissy. Seeing the four of them just march determinedly through the forest... so bad.Yeah, I thought that was bizarre. Didn't like that scene or the dialogue in it. I've noticed some scenes like the boar scene or at the Dothraki feast where Viserys gets crowned where there should be more people in the scenes. Maybe it's the budget constraints.I've gotta add that seeing Viserys getting crowned made me think there wasn't enough scenes building up to it. I also thought Viserys was more evil in the book than he was betrayed in the show. I'm also not feeling how they're handling Bronn so far. It's still early but in the book it seemed like he was more smug, cocky and more of a smart ass. He has only been in a couple scenes so that could change. I also have to agree about how Renly has been portrayed. Big disappointment. I've liked how they've handled all the Starks so far. It's too bad Sean Bean won't be coming back after this season. I think he's done a great job as Ned Stark.
					
					
							Edited by SFA-OK, 22 May 2011 - 11:36 PM.
446	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-22	Well, I have to give my customary props to Robb. We finally got to see him kick the shit out of people. What a badass.
447	BLU-RAY	2011-05-22	Didn't love Renly's fit... but I did enjoy Robert getting bitched out over his drunken reminisces.
After a lot of fan complaints that D&D were making Cersei too likeable and complex for the first few episodes, we got a nice glimpse of "evil" Cersei here, lying about Ned to Ned's face in front of the king.
Loved Tyrion, loved Bronn vs. Vardis, the Eyrie scenes were great.  I thought Robb and Theon in the woods and their fight against the wildlings was excellent.  I did get bugged by the lack of wolves, though; previously in the season I haven't been, but I reread GoT this past week (and some of CoK) and the wolves feel almost as important to the Stark stories as the dragons do to Dany's.  So I would like more of them, but yeah, I get the constraints and will continue to cut slack on that front.
I definitely had the same Syrio/Jaqen reaction hearing that line, though.  Interesting stuff.
I am also very curious to see how non-readers react to the Sansa/Joff scene.
448	Rockroi	2011-05-22	I've noticed some scenes like the boar scene or at the Dothraki feast where Viserys gets crowned where there should be more people in the scenes. Maybe it's the budget constraints.Its obviously budget constraints.  At the same time, the point of certain issues is to HIDE this fact. Well... than why have Robert hunt at all?  The only thing I can think of is that its a SAG issue of some sort wherein in order to get a certain pay scale you have to appear in X episodes etc and Addy's people (I have no clue if Addy even HAS any people) negotiated for him to be in X episodes.  When you factor in that he CANNOT be in X episodes due to, well, mortality, they have to punch him in in other ways.  So, you get a hunting scene.  A really, really lame hunting scene.  Though, this does not excuse the lack of the ToJ.  That scene would have consisted of 4 actors- Ned and three guys.  Don't want to cast Dayne and Hightower just yet?  Easy solution: just have them speak with their visors pulled down.  Problem. Solved.  Ned doesn't even REMEMBER the faces of the guys who rode with them- make them super blurry.  I swear, it would have been far far more interesting than listening to Renly snivel.  I think Renly is the most disappointing portrayal in the series.Absolutely.  Renly is as bad as Addy's Robert is good.  I thought as you did that Renly was supposed to be this charismatic pretty-boy who saw the angles of things and made his play.  Instead, we have a watered-down Joff in many ways: a little kid utterly overwhelmed by the events around him, trying to act like he is worth something.
449	Joey Geko	2011-05-22	Maybe it's just a Braavosi thing.I believe the Braavosi are a polyreligious folk, the FM sect being only one of many. The Seven, R'hllor, Old Gods (which has always sounded so Lovecraftian to me btw lol), various far Eastern gods et al."Only one god..." seems a bit too specific to me to be a colloquialism.
450	pleonasm	2011-05-22	I think Renly is the most disappointing portrayal in the series. He's supposed to be this smooth, charismatic, amiable guy. I remember the sense from my earliest reads that he was the only hope to stand with Ned in this snakepit of schemers and liars that is Kings Landing - the echo of what Robert once was. Granted over the course of the first two books he is revealed as all style without substance, but hey, at least he had style. Here, he's like Viserys-lite. All whiny angst over the hand he was dealt. Thank God Little Red Riding Lancel was on the hunt or Renly would come off the most pathetic character two episodes running which is not the role he should play in my opinion. Honestly it's going to be hard to imagine him becoming the king he will be in the second season.I actually liked Renly standing up to his older brother in this scene. On my first reading of the books I was always a little puzzled at Renly's motivations for the crown but his frustration at his brother's whitewashing of history demonstrated he was brighter than I imagined and provide some additional motivation for him to seek the crown. It wasn't just duty/honor like for Stannis, but that he thought he could offer something more substantive.That said, even if horseback wasn't practical for the scene, a dozen extra's should have been more than mandatory...On the downside, do the writers have a major hate on for for Theon Greyjoy and Sansa? Both actors must wondering how they elicit any sympathy with the audience given some of the scenes/lines they are given.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 22 May 2011 - 11:46 PM.
451	TrueMetis	2011-05-22	If nothing else, Tyrion in this episode taught us multiple medieval euphemisms for masturbation:  I milked my eel, I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage, I made the bald man cry.The last one is I'm sure 100% intentional foreshadowing to his coming time in Kings Landing.I have got to work one of those into a conversation.I've gotta add that seeing Viserys getting crowned made me think there wasn't enough scenes building up to it. I also thought Viserys was more evil in the book than he was betrayed in the show. Yea Viserys death was kind of sad, the guy is pathetic. Great fucking acting though. Props to Harry Lloyd.
452	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-22	Tower of Joy. Why wasnt it there.... WHYYYYY.
That scene is pivotal into WHY THE STORY IS THE STORY
453	Triskan	2011-05-22	Rockroi - Would you care to elaborate on the whole Lancel w/ Renly dynamic in light of this new episode?
454	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	If nothing else, Tyrion in this episode taught us multiple medieval euphemisms for masturbation:  I milked my eel, I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage, I made the bald man cry.That was the funniest scene of the entire season so far perhaps.  I was laughing so hard.
455	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	Tower of Joy. Why wasnt it there.... WHYYYYY.That scene is pivotal into WHY THE STORY IS THE STORYWe still have the scene Ned remembers while in the dungeon cell.  I think it would fit more appropriately there anyway.
456	Commodore	2011-05-23	Considering how well wolves were incorporated in True Blood, the "hard to work with" explanation is inexcusable.
I don't understand why they are making Sansa into a total bitch, it just seems like an unnecessary deviation from the books. I'm ok with changes, but there should be a good reason.
But those are relatively minor quibbles, this episode was awesome, give whoever wrote and directed it more work.
457	Rockroi	2011-05-23	Rockroi - Would you care to elaborate on the whole Lancel w/ Renly dynamic in light of this new episode?Bah!  Their names sound so much alike!  I did fix it.
458	Corvinus	2011-05-23	I haven't been really participating with the topics for the series, but now I have a question.
Is there a reason why we so rarely get to see the direwolves? So far I was willing to let it slide, but now I'm actually getting pissed. That whole forest seen should have belonged to Summer and Grey Wind, not to Robb. Seems to me that the only reason HBO has shown the direwolves in the first place was just to be more faithful to the book. But the direwolves are essential to the book, they're not just a token to be shown around now and then.
Other than that, great episode. Looking forward to seeing Jon and the Wall again.
459	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-23	I haven't been really participating with the topics for the series, but now I have a question.Is there a reason why we so rarely get to see the direwolves? So far I was willing to let it slide, but now I'm actually getting pissed. That whole forest seen should have belonged to Summer and Grey Wind, not to Robb. Seems to me that the only reason HBO has shown the direwolves in the first place was just to be more faithful to the book. But the direwolves are essential to the book, they're not just a token to be shown around now and then.Other than that, great episode. Looking forward to seeing Jon and the Wall again.The "wolves" (actually dogs) were apparently very hard to work with.
460	smegma	2011-05-23	I have to admit, I haven't missed the direwolves at all. I mean it's great when they show them, but when they don't I'm not terribly disappointed. They've been there for pivotal scenes, and based on comments by D & D they'll be around a lot more in season two so I am not worried.
I didn't expect the ToJ sequence, so I wasn't missing it. I think we may see some fevered dreams/flashbacks in episode 8/9.
Love the episode, I actually like that they are making Dany's immunity to fire more apparent - so when she steps outta it in the last episode there's not like, WTF how did she do that for those that haven't read the books. 
Loved Tyrion with Mord and the trial. Robin was funny and I liked the fight scene. Definitely sold on the floor moon door now. 
I also noted the line by Syrio about death - my mind is torn - are they in the know, or do they want us to think they are in the know? Mindfucks.
Ned on the throne was awesome. Sean Bean is amazeballs.
I personally really liked the hunting scene - never really even occurred to me that there should be more people (after all, hunters wander into groups). I liked Renly's speech and it really set the stage for his future movements. He's reminding us that there's a human cost to these games and I think he comes across as sincere - he'll be beloved by viewers, maybe not for his pomp but for his heart, which will make his demise all the more tragic (it already was for me in the book)
LOVED the scene between Jorah and Viserys. Fucking Harry Lloyd, why did you have to be so good? Absolutely the best characterization from novel to screen. The relief on his face was so heartbreaking sincere right before he gets his crown. Harry Lloyd, I'm pouring one for you (and hope that you show up in many, many other places).
461	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-23	Great episode (although I think I still liked the previous one more). 
1. Tyrion was the highlight of that episode. Everything from his interaction with Mord to his exit out the door was great. My only regret was the absence of two particular lines: the line Tyrion gives to Marillion, and Tyrion's line to Lysa Tully when she gets upset after the match about the Arryn House Words. 
2. Little Robert Arryn was great, including his excitement at the Moon Door being opened, and his hilarious reaction to Tyrion's cut-off story about the donkey and the honeycomb in the brothel. 
3. Show-Theon continues to be more interesting and sympathetic than Book-Theon. It's going to be rather sad and shocking when he "kills" Bran and Rickon, driving the Sympathy Meter down to -50. 
4. I figured that they would have some sort of scene with Joffrey and Sansa rekindling things, and this one definitely didn't disappoint. The actor playing Joffrey continues to be absolutely fantastic in the role. 
5. Speaking of actors doing a great job playing psychotic characters, goodbye Harry Lloyd-as-Viserys! Not that I'm fond of the character, but he was definitely entertaining.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 23 May 2011 - 12:40 AM.
462	Corvinus	2011-05-23	The "wolves" (actually dogs) were apparently very hard to work with.So I guess it was too expensive to get other dogs. Or to raise and train those puppies we saw in the first episode; and I mean train properly for the show. Or maybe get actual wolves, there are people who train wolves. Hopefully for season 2, if HBO is willing to invest more money on maybe CGI, we could get some actual direwolves.
463	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-23	I think one of the reasons they may be shying away from the dogs is they're supposed to be a lot bigger in the story than they are right now. They're fast growers, and a lot of time has gone by.
464	Underfoot	2011-05-23	Agreed with all the Harry Lloyd praise--he was awesome! 
A little unsure about the bitchifying of Sansa. Granted, I don't remember everything in the book (there's too much to remember!), but I'm pretty sure the "do I care" line wasn't in the book and wasn't necessary.
Aside from that and the lack of direwolves, I LOVED this episode!
465	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-23	So I guess it was too expensive to get other dogs. Or to raise and train those puppies we saw in the first episode; and I mean train properly for the show. Or maybe get actual wolves, there are people who train wolves. Hopefully for season 2, if HBO is willing to invest more money on maybe CGI, we could get some actual direwolves.There was some legal reason why they couldn't use wolves or even half wolves for the roles. I remember hearing it in one of the documentaries. CGI wolves are the only way they could work for season two forward, the wolves are just too big by then.
466	Corvinus	2011-05-23	I personally really liked the hunting scene - never really even occurred to me that there should be more people (after all, hunters wander into groups).  places).Actually there should have been way more people than just those four. When you hunt boar, at least in the middle ages, IDK on how it's done today, you needed teams of men with dogs to root out the boar. Then you had the guys spotting the boar, and blowing the horns, and others, probably on horses to try to "guide" the boar towards the actual hunter who waits with the spear. I think the hunting scene was just to show how Robert keeps drinking, and not being very focused on the hunt. I don't expect to actually see what happens in the hunt. This was just so we know that Robert is out boar hunting.
467	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	I personally really liked the hunting scene - never really even occurred to me that there should be more people (after all, hunters wander into groups). I liked Renly's speech and it really set the stage for his future movements. He's reminding us that there's a human cost to these games and I think he comes across as sincere - he'll be beloved by viewers, maybe not for his pomp but for his heart, which will make his demise all the more tragic (it already was for me in the book)I liked Renly a lot in the book, but his death always was unemotional for me, because we barely knew him.  I think they are doing a great service to Renly's character by making him a more rounded character.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 23 May 2011 - 12:49 AM.
468	Eponine	2011-05-23	Haven't had time to read the whole thread, but IMO this was BY FAR the best episode. The entire Eyrie part, including last week, came together beautifully - my favorite part of the TV show so far. I thought that the characters who didn't have major parts in the episode were well integrated this time. 
Nitpicks: I'm sad to see Sansa being a brat instead of protecting herself by being coldly courteous. And again, some of the scenes are oddly sparse. I understand that there are probably good budgetary reasons, but IMO the Dothraki scenes don't convey the sense that we're seeing one small part of a much larger feast, and it's kind of odd seeing Robert, Renly (who is still awful awful awful), Lancel and Ser Barriston tramping around the woods by themselves. Wish we could have seen Beric ride in the tourney or something before this.
I still love Robert, think he's really stolen the show - I didn't really think much about him in the book - he did have a personality, but seemed more like a foil for Ned the first time, and then on any re-reads, well there's no point in getting too attached. 
I wonder how people who haven't read the books are reacting to Ned by this point. I think the show made it appear that there's some personal vendetta that's not honor in his sentence against Gregor, especially with adding the bit about Tywin having to answer for him. I didn't get that impression from the book, but it makes sense. However, it makes him seem less like someone whose honor is his downfall.
469	smegma	2011-05-23	Actually there should have been way more people than just those four. When you hunt boar, at least in the middle ages, IDK on how it's done today, you needed teams of men with dogs to root out the boar. Then you had the guys spotting the boar, and blowing the horns, and others, probably on horses to try to "guide" the boar towards the actual hunter who waits with the spear. I think the hunting scene was just to show how Robert keeps drinking, and not being very focused on the hunt. I don't expect to actually see what happens in the hunt. This was just so we know that Robert is out boar hunting.Well I meant that they would be in a "team" that wandered away from the pack, just so that Robert could do his drunken thing. So it didn't feel strange to me at all that they'd be off by themselves.I liked Renly a lot in the book, but his death always was unemotional for me, because we barely knew him.  I think they are doing a great service to Renly's character by making him a more rounded character.I think I was so upset at his death because I had hoped for what could have been - I think I filled in the blanks a bit post Renly's death by Loras's grief and words. I agree, he's being filled out a lot more in the show and I like it. I'm guessing (maybe incorrectly, who knows?) that we'll see the Renly with the pagentry in season 2 - but we know that he's not just fluff, that there was a good reason for his claim AND for Loras's rage.
470	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-23	I liked Renly a lot in the book, but his death always was unemotional for me, because we barely knew him.  I think they are doing a great service to Renly's character by making him a more rounded character.That's a good point. In the books, Renly came across more simply as Robert's scheming, sophisticated, and ambitious younger brother. He still is, but he's also fleshed out in the show.
471	Sharpes	2011-05-23	Arya's quip: "Can we take Syrio with us?" XD
472	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-23	So I guess it was too expensive to get other dogs. Or to raise and train those puppies we saw in the first episode; and I mean train properly for the show. Or maybe get actual wolves, there are people who train wolves. Hopefully for season 2, if HBO is willing to invest more money on maybe CGI, we could get some actual direwolves.Maybe all of those options were too expensive.  I don't have access to their financial figures, so I don't think I'm in any place to judge.  And I do think I saw someone involved with the show mention that CGI direwolves were likely after this season, so maybe we'll see more of them in the future?  Honestly, this episode, with the lack of Summer during the fight with the wildlings, is the first time I've ever actually noticed the wolves' absence.  Over than that, I think they've shown up in all the scenes they absolutely needed to be in.
473	Lone	2011-05-23	Renly is a completely different character in the show. This has been covered. Littlefinger seems tactless, almost out of control... which is a big failure for the show, in my opinion. Needlessly straying from the book is starting to annoy me more with each episode.
And yeah, the hunting scene was not believable. No way Robert would walk at any point until they actually found something to kill. Another thing that bothered me was Bronn's opponent. I don't think he would've taken that chance with a knight of his own age or younger, as it appeared... they didn't need to make Lysa's champion so young. Why change that from how it was in the book? It makes Bronn seem reckless, whereas his decision-making is almost mathematical in reality.
The mistake I think the show is making is that they are changing things for the sole purpose of creating conflict and trading slow-building pressure for cheap, immediate thrills. They seem to have no problem messing with major characters for little reason. The books have more than enough going on to keep us interested, so the changes just come across as ill-conceived. The subtlety and depth of characters and plots is being lost and replaced with an emotional, angsty shallowness. Blarg.
					
					
							Edited by Lone, 23 May 2011 - 01:33 AM.
474	axels15	2011-05-23	I'm going to miss Viserys. His actor was probably the best of the bunch (forget his name -- Harry Lloyd?)I love how it's so hard to find a British actor who WASN'T in Doctor Who at least once.Lloyd was actually in a two-parter, and he was pretty good.  Better as Viserys, though.I'm really getting upset by the lack of wolves and it's so hard, because its my only gripe with the show. Fine, the directors don't want to put the wolves in more natural scenes, but now they're just taking them out of the fight scenes. Look, I'm not gonna say that, after Bran being originally saved by Summer that the wolves are EXTREMELY necessary (next time I'd say is Jon being saved from the wildlings in SOS by Summer) so they aren't integral to the show, but they are such key players. I don't understand taking them out.
475	axels15	2011-05-23	I think there's a chance that when he get's imprisoned that his wound will take a turn for the worse, Pycelle will be giving him pain meds and we'll see it then.They're adding in the crow dreams, but not often or much of them. I honestly think they'll probably try and stay away from other dream sequences or flashbacks to avoid any confusion.
476	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	I love how it's so hard to find a British actor who WASN'T in Doctor Who at least once.Doctor Who or Harry Potter.
477	Lord Godric	2011-05-23	They're adding in the crow dreams, but not often or much of them. I honestly think they'll probably try and stay away from other dream sequences or flashbacks to avoid any confusion.I thought we got a confirmation that there was going to be flashbacks.  At least the scene where Brandon was tortured in the Throne Room?
478	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-23	I just remembered something I liked about the "Trial by Combat" scene. I liked how they open the Moon Door at the beginning of the battle, and you keep thinking, "Oh, Bronn is going to trick him into falling to his death. And he never does!. Instead, he kills him. Then kicks him down the Moon Door.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 23 May 2011 - 01:46 AM.
479	axels15	2011-05-23	I think Renly is the most disappointing portrayal in the series. He's supposed to be this smooth, charismatic, amiable guy. I remember the sense from my earliest reads that he was the only hope to stand with Ned in this snakepit of schemers and liars that is Kings Landing - the echo of what Robert once was. Granted over the course of the first two books he is revealed as all style without substance, but hey, at least he had style. Here, he's like Viserys-lite. All whiny angst over the hand he was dealt. Thank God Little Red Riding Lancel was on the hunt or Renly would come off the most pathetic character two episodes running which is not the role he should play in my opinion. Honestly it's going to be hard to imagine him becoming the king he will be in the second season.To be fair, he wasn't a very good king. That was kind of a point in the book.  I mean, a rainbow guard? All that tourneying and jousts and whatnot, when he should have been disciplining his troops and preparing for battle. I liked him a lot more in the books, I agree with that sentiment, but I don't think they're far off. He would have been a crappy king.
480	aimlessgun	2011-05-23	I just remembered something I liked about the "Trial by Combat" scene. I liked how they open the Moon Door at the beginning of the battle, and you keep thinking, "Oh, Bronn is going to trick him into falling to his death. And he never does!. Instead, he kills him. Then kicks him down the Moon Door.Yeah that was good. Also shows people how smart Bronn is by showing him attempt to trick Egan into the moon door by faking weakness at the edge, even though he doesn't charge hard enough to fall for it.
481	axels15	2011-05-23	I thought we got a confirmation that there was going to be flashbacks.  At least the scene where Brandon was tortured in the Throne Room?My bad, if we did, I missed that notice. But its certainly possible. And you're quite right with Harry Potter, I only say Doctor Who because its such a long running, popular show.I always love getting play books and searching the cast to see who was in Who /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
					
					
							Edited by axels15, 23 May 2011 - 01:50 AM.
482	Carldog	2011-05-23	What can I say about the crown of gold other than, shit.
483	tybeechris	2011-05-23	Maybe it's just a Braavosi thing.
					
					
							Edited by tybeechris, 23 May 2011 - 01:52 AM.
484	axels15	2011-05-23	I have to admit, I haven't missed the direwolves at all. I mean it's great when they show them, but when they don't I'm not terribly disappointed. They've been there for pivotal scenes, and based on comments by D & D they'll be around a lot more in season two so I am not worried.I don't doubt you, and I'll do a search myself, but any chance you could post a link for that?
485	tybeechris	2011-05-23	"There is only one god: death"  Did they really just have Syrio say that?! Makes me wonder: did they get info from George, and basically just confirm SF=JH, are the writers/producers aware of the theories and just fucking with us, or is it nothing and I am reading too much into it?Syrio had already smacked her for not paying attention. On third rewatch already, I think he is just verbally smacking her, pay attention or death will be your God today, got it girlie? Maybe the quote is Braavos-culturally but I don't think it was a SF+JH moment.
486	Sorrowface Man	2011-05-23	The first was Robert's hunting scene. He's the King. He does not go hunting with just three other guys; he takes a huge contingency filled with pomp and/or circumstance... and probably a horse or two. To see Robert basically out hunting the way I picture Larry the Cable Guy hunt was not just empty in scope and in feeling, but it was COMPLETELY unnecessary. What would we have lost had that scene been skipped? The only thing we would have lost would have been Lancel giving Robert drinks: something we ALSO missed when we all read the books and the importance was not lost on us then.
Quote above = the observation of someone who has obviously NEVER been hunting for anything in their life.
487	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-23	I just assumed Robert and those who were with him were only temporarily separated from the rest of the hunting party.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 23 May 2011 - 02:02 AM.
488	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-23	I just assumed they were out scouting the area for game.
489	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-23	As for Syrio's 'only god' (Death) comment.. I think it's cultural for Braavosi. If it wasn't then saying 'valar morgulis' to  "any man in Braavos" would not be effective at all.
It is known.
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 23 May 2011 - 02:11 AM.
490	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	The lack of wolf action was the only real flaw in the entire episode; structurally speaking, they're not doing the groundwork for Robb & Grey Wind. I hope that vital thread doesn't get lost in the inevitable King's Landing-centric buildup to the crazytimes we're headed for. Also, those stupid hobbits never tricked the Ents! Curse you, Jackson!!!::ehem::If time flies when you're having fun, this was the shortest episode yet :-D
491	thorny throne	2011-05-23	Actually, the hunting scene sold me on Renly. He's portrayed differently than in the book, but I find the portrayal now believable. How can I explain this -  he reminds me of some gay men I know from university, lefty, human rights champion (within medieval comfort zone, he wasn't opposed to killing Dany), who is not impressed by his older brother brutishness.
492	helloawake	2011-05-23	Far out, by the time I've watched it online here in NZ there's always already a million pages of thread here!
Awesome as every week, it keeps getting better, the first couple of episodes were moving a bit slow I thought but the last few weeks it's been wicked. 
Bronn is the man. "You don't fight with honour!" "No. He did."
I really like Dany in this, first time I read the books I wasn't that keen on her but she's primo in the show. It's made me enjoy her chapters more now that I'm re-reading the series, too.  
And I like the Ros scenes! Queen of Whores!
493	Samalander	2011-05-23	Also our first Beric sighting! Let's go BwB!Is that the actor that will play him for the rest of the show?"There is only one god: death"  Did they really just have Syrio say that?! Makes me wonder: did they get info from George, and basically just confirm SF=JH, are the writers/producers aware of the theories and just fucking with us, or is it nothing and I am reading too much into it?You are reading too much into it. Braavos may honor all gods, but the dominant (and, in fact, founding) religion of the city is the Many Faced God. It is known.The bad:1. He Dreamed the Old Dream Again... Where Absolutely Nothing Happened: No ToJ?  Fail. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> There was some legal reason why they couldn't use wolves or even half wolves for the roles. I remember hearing it in one of the documentaries. CGI wolves are the only way they could work for season two forward, the wolves are just too big by then.CGI may solve the problem for season 2 and on...and they will probably have more money by then. However! Robb needs Grey Wind to bring GreatJohn Umber to heel. We need to see the wolves` restlessness before word of Ned's death arrives. How are they going to pull this off?All that aside, great episode!
494	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-23	/bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> No Tower of Joy. Expected I suppose, but still hoped for.
Great timing with Joffery coming in and making Sansa go all googley eyed once more, just as Ned goes and sets the kingdom on a path to war. It comes off as Ned acting very rashly, especially after he was under orders from the king to smooth things over with the Lannisters. Ned comes off as acting too rashly. Fair enough having people go after Gregor, but summoning Tywin on pain of being called traitor is plain dumb.
495	Nick Of Troy	2011-05-23	All things considered, I think the episode was fantastic.
1. Joff nailed that 'apology'.  I would have been pretty sold that he was genuine, had I not seen Cersei order him to reconcile with Sansa in a previous ep.  Sansa's stroppyness up till he walked in was well done, though the script was a little weak and unnessessarily bitchy.  I always thought that such outright rudeness, especially to her mentor, was too 'unladylike' for Sansa, though I suppose it's meant to show us just how infatuated she is with Joffery and foreshadow her later betrayal.
2.  The Golden Crown.  I loved Viserys in this.  The way his face lit up when Drogo confirmed his crown was exactly how I imagined it as I read the book.  All-around great scene for everyone involved, and I'm very sad to see the actor go!
3.  Bronn.  Seriously, this guy absolutely rules!  Fantastic fight in the Eyrie, I think this is one of my favourite scenes in the series so far, up there with Sandor vs Gregor and Tyrion-Jon in Winter Is Coming.
4. On the topic of Tyrion, bloody awesome mockery of Lady Arys.  
I was also laughing hard at Arya's concern that Ned was dying from his leg wound
496	thorny throne	2011-05-23	Yup, if there is anything I'm uncomfortable with regarding Sansa portrayel, is the bitchy teen aspect to it. Put her in the 21 century, and she's very believable. Sansa was always a proper lady in the books, and that's totally forgotten. She was never a bitch to the Septa.
497	Demandred	2011-05-23	Great episode, as per usual. My complaint is one that has already been said and that is lamenting the lack of the Direwolves. They've been depicted as essentially extensions of the Stark kids and it's a shame to see them so neglected. Even if they weren't involved in the killing.
Maybe they're just going to downplay their significance...
498	arek	2011-05-23	I loved this episode
Bout the complaints, yes I know people want more wolves but seriously, I can live with changes.
Bout people complaining gold doesnt melt that fast, yes it doesnt, but so what!!!!. U couldnt expect them to wait for 10 minutes before dumping crown on head, In books Khal Drogo watched patiently as gold melted but they had to speed up process for television. Crowning scene was epic (and I felt a bit sad when Viserys was crowned) in book I just laughed when it happened to him but in series felt a bit of pity for him and grisly fate, which is just credit to the amazing acting of Harry Llyod, you will be missed from the series Llyod wish you nothing but the best for your career in the future, you deserve it.
I laughed out loud at Tyrions confession and at Robin for saying what happened next :-). loved Bronn and fight scene and glad they showed Tyrion throwing gold to Mord, a Lannister does indeed pay his debts.
Glad they left Badge of honor bit in aswell. Love Ser Barristan Selmy. 
Bit sad Tower of joy Scene was left out but I love this series same as LOTR films even thoguh they changed things or took away things too so Ill live with changes and still watch this fine series. In Ireland so dont ahve HBO go so ill await patiently for next episode.
499	Anomandaris86	2011-05-23	They still have chances to show the Tower of Joy, so I'll hold off my bitching for now. But they better do it. They better fucking do it.LOVED seeing Renly getting pissed at Robert. Great lines there, truly terrific. And he's right. You know, if he had just been willing to be a little harder where he needed to be, I think he would have made a good king.
500	TheEvilKing	2011-05-23	Epic episode all round. It was so badass. Best one so far. They got everything spot on.
List of awesomes:
Bronn's duel
Robb and Theon taking down the wildlings
Ned's scene and speech on the Iron Throne
Tyrion in general (as always)
Jorah
Arya and Syrio
Joff's creepiness
Badge of honour - some of the most memorable dialogue from the book
And that goddamn ending. The Targ kids owned this ep, Viserys in particular.
Sure I'm forgetting stuff too. Loved it!
501	Greywolf2375	2011-05-23	I think Renly is the most disappointing portrayal in the series. He's supposed to be this smooth, charismatic, amiable guy. I remember the sense from my earliest reads that he was the only hope to stand with Ned in this snakepit of schemers and liars that is Kings Landing - the echo of what Robert once was. Granted over the course of the first two books he is revealed as all style without substance, but hey, at least he had style. Here, he's like Viserys-lite. All whiny angst over the hand he was dealt. Thank God Little Red Riding Lancel was on the hunt or Renly would come off the most pathetic character two episodes running which is not the role he should play in my opinion. Honestly it's going to be hard to imagine him becoming the king he will be in the second season.Very much agreed.  No, we do not see pages and pages of Renly in GoT, but we do get the descriptions of him and see where he ends up.  The character on screen does not generate that love that makes Stannis so angry/jealous when Davos tells him the lords will not follow him.And there's a strong chance I'm stealing "little Red Riding Lancel" for a custom title.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 23 May 2011 - 06:51 AM.
502	Kaitscralt	2011-05-23	Is that the actor that will play him for the rest of the show?I don't see why not.
503	Greywolf2375	2011-05-23	So I guess it was too expensive to get other dogs. Or to raise and train those puppies we saw in the first episode; and I mean train properly for the show. Or maybe get actual wolves, there are people who train wolves. Hopefully for season 2, if HBO is willing to invest more money on maybe CGI, we could get some actual direwolves.The problem with raising and training the puppies is that the direwolves get much larger much faster than those puppies would have grown.CGI may solve the problem for season 2 and on...and they will probably have more money by then. However! Robb needs Grey Wind to bring GreatJohn Umber to heel. We need to see the wolves` restlessness before word of Ned's death arrives. How are they going to pull this off?All that aside, great episode!They can do it the same way they did for Bran - maybe they have him sitting next to the throne and when Umber gets up and draws, GW leaps and chews.  For Ned's death, they wouldn't even need to show them - they've all ready made the reference when Bran was in a coma to Summer being restless and howling; they could do the same.  We may hear them but not see them.
504	aeoleron9	2011-05-23	Yeah didn't really like the bratty baby-brother Renly in the show. Maybe he is a brat, but the book Renly would never have shown it so obviously.
Everything else was fucking great though. Bronn, Theon, Ned finally becoming an active player, and Viserys. Oh Viserys. That sad last smile really gave me the chills, it's exactly like how I imagined it. Now I can finally put about that hideous Cersei/Robert conversation from last week behind me. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
505	LadyMary	2011-05-23	Considering how well wolves were incorporated in True Blood, the "hard to work with" explanation is inexcusable.I read somewhere that it's illegal to keep wolves in the UK, which probably explains why they used wolf-looking dogs instead of trained wolves or wolf hybrids. Also, the wolves in True Blood don't actually do much except look fierce and run away. Having said all that, if they can train wolves why couldn't they train those dogs? I don't understand why they are making Sansa into a total bitch, it just seems like an unnecessary deviation from the books. I'm ok with changes, but there should be a good reason.Her bitchy teenaged-ness made me laugh. But, yeah, it's somewhat out of character from the books. The thing that I missed was Joffrey telling Sansa that Ser Loras chose well when he gave her a flower. That, I thought, was what made him realize that she was quite a catch. But whatever. It got the point across.But those are relatively minor quibbles, this episode was awesome, give whoever wrote and directed it more work.Agreed. I miss Jon, though. I can't wait until I can finally watch episode 7 on HBO Go...if they ever get the damned thing working.
506	Valmy	2011-05-23	Yup, if there is anything I'm uncomfortable with regarding Sansa portrayel, is the bitchy teen aspect to it. Put her in the 21 century, and she's very believable. Sansa was always a proper lady in the books, and that's totally forgotten. She was never a bitch to the Septa.Yeah she always had this perception of herself as the "good kid" and always tried to be courteous and behave as she was taught to behave.I mean it was not like people did not already dislike her in the books it is not like there was any need to make her super bitchy.  Ah well.  I guess it makes her character more entertaining.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 23 May 2011 - 08:03 AM.
507	Valmy	2011-05-23	Really missed Summer when the Wildlings attacked Bran  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
508	smegma	2011-05-23	I think it's been observed that Sansa's attitude is probably attributed to her aging up - she is more a petulant teenager now than a totally naive child (although there's still some naitivity there).
509	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	Also, completely randomly, Robert's tossing of the Hand badge reminded me of why I'm ok with it being a badge and not a chain:
It's reminiscent of nothing less than a Sheriff's star. And we know what that means in the Wild, Wild Westeros.
It's nice visual economy like that that keeps me glued!
510	Bubba	2011-05-23	Arya is the best character so far. I loved her "seven hells" bit and Ned holding back a laugh. Disappointed with the lack of wolves. I understand they're hard to work with, but couldn't they at least be shown in the background?
511	Valmy	2011-05-23	I think it's been observed that Sansa's attitude is probably attributed to her aging up - she is more a petulant teenager now than a totally naive child (although there's still some naitivity there).I really identified with her always thinking of herself as the "good kid" while not actually being as good as she thinks.  I was alot like that.I was a bit of a jerk as a teen, aren't we all, but she being bitchy to the Septa kind of took it to a new level.  I thought Sansa liked the Septa and the Septa took great pride in what a perfect lady Sansa was.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 23 May 2011 - 08:40 AM.
512	kungtotte	2011-05-23	Maisie Williams is just all sorts of awesome, isn't she?
513	Valmy	2011-05-23	Maisie Williams is just all sorts of awesome, isn't she?We will see. Playing rebel Arya in GOT is pretty easy.  That character is just all sorts of awesome and very loveable.  The tougher part is when she is faced with the horrors of the world and how the trauma affects her in later seasons.But yeah so far she is perfect.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 23 May 2011 - 08:43 AM.
514	thorny throne	2011-05-23	Well, she come across as 15, rather than 13. And one must take into account the medieval times. The back-talk to the Septa, twice already, was way too much.
515	kungtotte	2011-05-23	She (Sansa) is 15 D:
516	Valmy	2011-05-23	Anyway in my mind the series does not really start until the second Eddard Stark's head comes off.  The stuff before that is the prologue.
So as long as they get post Ned-dead Sansa right I will ok with it.
517	Valmy	2011-05-23	She (Sansa) is 15 D:The actress?  The character says she is 13 in Episode 1.
518	Andhaira	2011-05-23	What a fantastic episoide! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Bronn rocks, though the duel could have been choreographed better. Lysa should have given Vardis a sword like in the book. 
Plus Tyrion should have stated that the mountain clans would kill them if they went through the Vale alone. 
Also, is it just me or did we see a major hint that Syrio = Jaqen? Syrio talked about the god of death, the same god the faceless men seem to worship.
519	QueenOfThorns	2011-05-23	To be fair, he wasn't a very good king. That was kind of a point in the book.  I mean, a rainbow guard? All that tourneying and jousts and whatnot, when he should have been disciplining his troops and preparing for battle. I liked him a lot more in the books, I agree with that sentiment, but I don't think they're far off. He would have been a crappy king.Just as Sansa would have made a crappy queen.  And really, for the same reasons.Actually, the hunting scene sold me on Renly. He's portrayed differently than in the book, but I find the portrayal now believable. How can I explain this -  he reminds me of some gay men I know from university, lefty, human rights champion (within medieval comfort zone, he wasn't opposed to killing Dany), who is not impressed by his older brother brutishness.I think Renly and Sansa are in the same boat.  They both believe in fairy tales, essentially.  Sansa thinks life IS a fairy tale, while Renly believes that the kingdom CAN be like a fairy tale.  Both are deluded LOL, but I think Renly has a good heart.  In the books, he doesn't do much fighting either, it's all pomp and pagentry.  He has more depth of character in the show than in the books, which I enjoy.
520	kungtotte	2011-05-23	Also, is it just me or did we see a major hint that Syrio = Jaqen? Syrio talked about the god of death, the same god the faceless men seem to worship.It's been mentioned earlier in the thread, but everyone in Braavos is familiar with the Many-Faced God. Braavos is the seat of the Faceless Men and their cult of death, and it makes sense that anyone from there would be familiar with it.That's why Arya can give the iron coin to anyone from Braavos, speak the words and be on her merry way.
521	Valmy	2011-05-23	Just as Sansa would have made a crappy queen.  And really, for the same reasons.Presuming she would remain 13 her entire life and never mature into an adult sure.
522	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	BEST. EPISODE. YET.
Love it all. The fighting was a huge improvement over the last episode. Sansa was fucking awesome. Joffrey shows that he can be charming (like he was in the books), the Bronn fight was great, lots of good lines from the books included. Loved seeing Robert on the hunt, loved seeing Ned's reaction to finally figuring out Joffrey's heritage, loved that they kept Robert hitting Cersei in (and with the lines too!!!).  The Dany scenes were great and Viserys' final scene was literally perfect.
So so so good. I even liked the woods scene sans direwolves. It let's them make Robb out to be a bit of a bad ass instead of the pansy he is in the books, always letting his wolf do all the work.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 23 May 2011 - 09:07 AM.
523	witless chum	2011-05-23	I was okay with fast-melting gold in the crowning scene, but would it really kill you that fast? I mean, you'd be horribly-burned and die screaming, but I think it would take a lot longer. 
I really doubt they're going to show anything from the Tower of Joy. It doesn't bear at all on anything in the series other than Jon's parentage. I don't believe that his parentage is ultimately going to be a big deal, but even if I'm wrong, it's something that can be set up much later in Season 5 or 6 when it would liklely start to be important.
524	Valmy	2011-05-23	I was okay with fast-melting gold in the crowning scene, but would it really kill you that fast? I mean, you'd be horribly-burned and die screaming, but I think it would take a lot longer.Heh I am ok without a really long screaming burning death scene.
525	awesome possum	2011-05-23	Best line of the night (aside from Ned's epic justice sentencing of Gregor) goes to Sansa, "I don't want good or brave or strong.  I want Joffrey!" and Arya's smirk just makes it perfect.
526	Rockroi	2011-05-23	Quote above = the observation of someone who has obviously NEVER been hunting for anything in their life.And please tell me of all of your experience hunting boar in the middle ages... The fact is everything I have EVER read about the lifestyles of royals in that time period is that the King is usually accompanied by dozens of people, sometimes into the hundreds.  This includes everyone from horse tenders, guards, troops, royal poachers, people to hold weapons, cooks, soldiers, and OF COURSE the people the King wants around him and those who want to be around the King.  Again, the problem is that the scene exists at all.  Its not like hunting today - note my Larry the Cable Guy reference.  The reality is that today people go hunting for sport/recreation.  Its different when an absolute monarch goes hunting.  For those who claim "Well, I just assumed he was separated from the main party" that is what we all have to swallow.  But would it have killed them to add some dialog that points that out?  Something like "Your Grace, we should return to camp soon," and then Robert bitching, "Camp?!  Bah!  They will all just want to turn 'round and head back to King's Landing."  But there is nothing like that, indicating that ... that this IS the hunting party.
527	Maester Cressan	2011-05-23	Anyone else wonder about Ross going to King's Landing.
Think Ross replaces Shae?  That'd be my guess.
528	Rockroi	2011-05-23	Best line of the night (aside from Ned's epic justice sentencing of Gregor) goes to Sansa, "I don't want good or brave or strong.  I want Joffrey!" and Arya's smirk just makes it perfect.And add in Ned's little laugh that he shares with Arya.  That is what I think was the key here.  Arya and Ned have something- this is not saying that Ned does not love Sansa; he obviously does.  But he shares these little bits of himself with Arya that book-Ned never really did.  I think its added a really welcome dimension to Ned.
529	shadow of death	2011-05-23	Making the eight!
That was a funny line.  I loved robert in the books and Addy is playing him perfectly.
530	Axon	2011-05-23	I was okay with fast-melting gold in the crowning scene, but would it really kill you that fast? I mean, you'd be horribly-burned and die screaming, but I think it would take a lot longer.I'm not sure the molten gold would kill you at all, unless it went down your throat and prohibited your ability to breathe.  Clearly it would take gold hours to melt, but then we'd have four episodes dedicated to just that. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
531	Damocles	2011-05-23	Increasingly underwhelming...Tyrion's acting is bordering on lame.
532	Kaitscralt	2011-05-23	I'm not sure the molten gold would kill you at all, unless it went down your throat and prohibited your ability to breathe.  Clearly it would take gold hours to melt, but then we'd have four episodes dedicated to just that. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Really? I think that molten gold would burn through a scalp pretty easily, not to mention clog his nose and throat like you mentioned. I think that in real life the melting would have taken longer but death would still have been somewhat quick.
533	QueenOfThorns	2011-05-23	Presuming she would remain 13 her entire life and never mature into an adult sure.True, but the only thing that matured her was being thrown out of her fairy tale.  If Joffrey weren't a douche and they got married, she would have continued in her fantasy world with extravagant gowns and feasts and tournaments while the smallfolk starve.  Essentially, she would have grown to be kind of like Renly.
534	Lone	2011-05-23	I'm not sure the molten gold would kill you at all, unless it went down your throat and prohibited your ability to breathe.  Clearly it would take gold hours to melt, but then we'd have four episodes dedicated to just that. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Oh, it would definitely kill you. For those that were bothered by him dying instantly... I suppose you can make believe that he passed out from the pain.
535	Axon	2011-05-23	Oh, it would definitely kill you. For those that were bothered by him dying instantly... I suppose you can make believe that he passed out from the pain.I'm not convinced, but hey, it's just my opinion.  I was an EMT for a while, and I've seen people survive some horrific burns, including a domestic incident where a wife threw a pot of boiling hot oil and onions on her husband's face and head.  The guy writhed on the floor until he was able to crawl to the bathroom shower and douse himself, approximately 4 minutes later. Still, I suppose if it just sat on Viserys' head, he'd die from it eventually...or it would cool off, forming an actual "crown."  I've just seen people survive unbelievable s**t.  That's part of why I got the hell out of that field. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />For me, it's like how easily people are knocked unconscious in TV and film.  It's purely a plot point.  It's hard as hell to knock someone totally unconscious for more than a few seconds in the real world.  Most of the time they stumble around dazed.
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 23 May 2011 - 09:57 AM.
536	Jaime L	2011-05-23	To be fair, he wasn't a very good king. That was kind of a point in the book.  I mean, a rainbow guard? All that tourneying and jousts and whatnot, when he should have been disciplining his troops and preparing for battle. I liked him a lot more in the books, I agree with that sentiment, but I don't think they're far off. He would have been a crappy king.Yeah, pretty much what I was getting at: in the books he's all style, no substance. In the series he is neither. Of the Baratheon brothers, he's the copper, shiny but useless. But the point is superficially he looks the part and even Ned is struck by his resemblence to the young Robert in all his glory. And his smooth courtesy and easy charm would convince the Sansas and Briennes of the world that he'd make a great king, which is why it's so meaningful that we get someone more experienced and world weary in Catelyn seeing him and his Knights of Summer for what they really are. He's leading a hundred thousand men but she sees a boy playing a game.I just cant imagine this Renly commanding the loyalty and affection of the south.
537	Abaddon	2011-05-23	If they want to give Ros a continuing part in the series, maybe they are setting her up to take Alayaya's role?This is my impression as well.
	Spoiler After watching Ep. 7, I think that there's a very strong chance of this.  It will be a bit different for Tyrion since he's 'experienced' Ros unlike Alayaya, but I think it will better underscore his somehow honorable and yet twisted and sad 'monogamy' with Shae, which I think is important for the show since we've seen a lot more Tyrion whoring than in the book.
538	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	But the direwolves are essential to the book, they're not just a token to be shown around now and then.If you stop and think about it, are they really though?
539	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	If you stop and think about it, are they really though?Yes. Next question!/wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The nature of Warg is vital to understanding that there are deeper forces at work in the world than the doings of men. It's one of the earliest "magics" we see in the books, and without it the magic that exists is strictly plot-devicey.
540	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-23	Just as Sansa would have made a crappy queen.  And really, for the same reasons.I actually don't believe that's true. Tyrion especially remarks that Sansa would have made a good queen and that Joffrey shouldn't have been so quick to cast her aside. That's precisely because she does all the courtesies well. She would have been loyal to Joff for a while, probably, until he did something along the lines of where he orders Ned's execution, and she would have been the soft, beloved face of the royal family in public.He gets that soft face in the end with Margaery, to be sure. But the Starks didn't enter the scene preparing to whack Joff. Gotta pick your in-laws better, kid.
541	Frumpus	2011-05-23	For me the highlight of this episode was Beric Dondarrion's appearance. And he was given only a single line. I wonder if he'll show up again this season.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 23 May 2011 - 10:26 AM.
542	Vuron	2011-05-23	Yes. Next question!/wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The nature of Warg is vital to understanding that there are deeper forces at work in the world than the doings of men. It's one of the earliest "magics" we see in the books, and without it the magic that exists is strictly plot-devicey.I'm with Cereal.  I've never understood the great love for the direwolves and people complaining that the story is being ruined because they aren't shown.  The only wolves that are involved in the story past this point are Ghost and Summer.  Ghost may need to be seen in upcoming seasons, but I don't think we ever really need to see Summer again.  TV can easily show warging scenes from the POV of the wolf, as is done on my TV shows and movies.  Simply shoot from the POV of the wolf with the camera shot low to the ground and bouncing around while running down a path.  No reason to show the wolf from a 3rd person perspective.Lady is gone.Through 4 books, we never see Nymeria.Shaggy (as well as Rickon) might as well not even be in the series (as of the 4th book)I don't see a need to ever show Grey Wind.  The greatjon scene and scene before the red wedding can be changed with no problem.Summer can be shot through wolf POV during warg scenes.We'll probably need a wolf for Ghost.Wolves = meh
					
					
							Edited by Vuron, 23 May 2011 - 10:28 AM.
543	Valmy	2011-05-23	For me the highlight of this episode was Beric Dondarrion's appearance. And he was given only a single line. I wonder if he'll show up again this season.Probably not /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Here is hoping they get season 2 done ASAP.  Though I guess they do not even have the scripts written.
544	Isabella Stark	2011-05-23	I'm missing the direwolves too.
I know, I know, I know they had trouble training the dogs and everything, but it would have been cool if they'd filmed the dogs just hanging out, sleeping, playing, chewing a bone or whatever, and maybe some footage of the actors interacting with the dogs (like Rickon playing with Summer and Shaggydog), and then stuck in some of that footage occasionally, just to create more of a sense of the direwolves presence. Like in a Jon scene, they could cut to a shot of Ghost chewing a bone, just to remind us he's around.
Oh well.   Anyway, I thought this episode was great.  Nice pacing. They didn't have to worry about introducing anyone or explaining anything, so they could just sink their teeth into the action.
And, my non-reader friend said she really thought Ned was dead at the end of last week.
545	Valmy	2011-05-23	And, my non-reader friend said she really thought Ned was dead at the end of last week.I thought the same thing at that point when I was reading the books for the first time.
546	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	Lady is gone.Through 4 books, we never see Nymeria.Shaggy (as well as Rickon) might as well not even be in the series (as of the 4th book)I don't see a need to ever show Grey Wind.  The greatjon scene and scene before the red wedding can be changed with no problem.Summer can be shot through wolf POV during warg scenes.We'll probably need a wolf for Ghost.Wolves = mehI think your reading of the material is far from close; sounds more like you're arguing from a television perspective rather than Cereal's original question about the wolves being necessary in the books. Nymeria may not be seen, but you'd be blind if you didn't see that she was present and active in the chaos of the riverlands. Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination--one of the reasons they call him the Young Wolf is because of his direwolf. Of the direwolves, Shaggydog is the least visible, I'll grant you.
547	Abaddon	2011-05-23	I just remembered something I liked about the "Trial by Combat" scene. I liked how they open the Moon Door at the beginning of the battle, and you keep thinking, "Oh, Bronn is going to trick him into falling to his death. And he never does!. Instead, he kills him. Then kicks him down the Moon Door.I was so ready and waiting to be disappointed by the eventual 'trick him and back him into the hole' trope.  Very pleased to be disappointed; the way they did it was great.
548	Abaddon	2011-05-23	Syrio had already smacked her for not paying attention. On third rewatch already, I think he is just verbally smacking her, pay attention or death will be your God today, got it girlie? Maybe the quote is Braavos-culturally but I don't think it was a SF+JH moment.It's possible it was a SF+JH moment... the jury is not (quite) out on that.  However, I think it's very likely that D&D are setting up Jaquen to be familiar to Arya, reminding her of Syrio... without being Syrio... to give him some familiarity and make their ... friendship? ... more believable.
549	howland_reed	2011-05-23	I feel some readers aren't giving Ros a fair shake.  As readers, we already know she's a filler character and of no consequence to the story, so for that reason alone, we hate the emphasis on her.  But to my non-reader friends, they actually find her an intriguing character, and are already speculating whether she's a spy, or how she'll interact with Littlefinger once she arrives in King's Landing.  Even if she is filler, you have to admit, she's a multi-layered character and isn't mere eye candy.   I liked how she had the sense to leave Winterfell as there wouldn't be any business for her services soon enough.
If I had to ask myself, would I like Ros' character if I didn't already know she wasn't canon, I probably would say yes.  I actually think it's too bad that they already cast someone else as Shae, as I think they could've slipped Ros in to assume Shae's role pretty nicely.
550	Vuron	2011-05-23	I think your reading of the material is far from close; sounds more like you're arguing from a television perspective rather than Cereal's original question about the wolves being necessary in the books. Nymeria may not be seen, but you'd be blind if you didn't see that she was present and active in the chaos of the riverlands. Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination--one of the reasons they call him the Young Wolf is because of his direwolf. Of the direwolves, Shaggydog is the least visible, I'll grant you.I'm actually arguing from both book and TV, but mostly from the TV perspective... Your example of Nymeria is perfect.  When do we ever SEE Nymeria in the books?  We hear stories of a giant wolfpack roaming the Riverlands, but we never see it.  Has the wolfpack had a major impact on any storylines?  Robb can just as easily be called Young Wolf because he is Old Wolf's son.  I don't see how Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination, at all.I'll agree with most that the wolves tie into the characters of the Stark children, but I never felt is was critical to the story.  Of course, we don't know what will happen in the next 3 books.
551	Abaddon	2011-05-23	CGI may solve the problem for season 2 and on...and they will probably have more money by then. However! Robb needs Grey Wind to bring GreatJohn Umber to heel.
	Spoiler We've seen something from this scene in a 'making of' featurette where Grey Wind jumps on a stuntman knocking him down.  Didn't someone break an arm or a wrist that way?
552	Eponine	2011-05-23	To be fair, he wasn't a very good king. That was kind of a point in the book.  I mean, a rainbow guard? All that tourneying and jousts and whatnot, when he should have been disciplining his troops and preparing for battle. I liked him a lot more in the books, I agree with that sentiment, but I don't think they're far off. He would have been a crappy king.I think that the way Renly marched up the Roseroad was not entirely pointless. He needed to be seen advancing, but he didn't want to get to KL too quickly - each king realizes that it will be a huge advantage if other factions start fighting first, and a huge disadvantage to be the first one to engage. Renly's support is tenuous - he's stolen a lot of his bannermen from his brother, and has no claim over almost anyone except that they've chosen to follow him - going from castle to castle and allowing his lords to feast him also cements his relationship with them. Tyrion says that Renly is holding court at every crossroads he passes, which allows everyone to see their new king - and contrasts to Ned's surprise that common people living a day from KL had no idea what Robert looked like. And last, he needs to be able to keep his army intact while they're doing nothing but marching and stalling. Robb started to have problems with this almost immediately - the Riverlands lords all wanted to go back to their own lands. Granted, they were the targets of attacks from the Lannisters that don't seem to be happening to Renly's lords or on Tyrell lands yet, but it seems that gathering together as an army instead of looking after one's own lands is counterintuitive in Westeros, unless they are directly engaged in military action. Renly gives them the illusion that they are already part of a prosperous kingdom, taking a triumphant tour of their lands, instead of on the way to a war that they may not win. He wants to appear to already be the king. Cersei tells Tyrion that every day, more men are joining Renly and it seems to be consensus that he's gathering men as he marches. As all these new people join him, he gives them entertainment and a way to occupy themselves on what has turned into a long uneventful ride. Again, many of them have no reason to stay with Renly or to owe him any loyalty, so keeping them from becoming bored, disillusioned or concerned for their own lands is the way he's keeping an army together. The alternatives seem to be getting to KL quickly and starting a war for Stannis to clean up or waiting in Highgarden while giving his new lords nothing to rally around and having them suspect that he's too weak to press his claim. If Stannis won some battles during that time, many would probably rejoin him. Any of his enemies would have tried to discredit him as cowardly if he had not given the appearance of taking the field. Given the circumstances, I'm not sure that his method of collecting a waiting army was all that bad.
553	Abaddon	2011-05-23	It's reminiscent of nothing less than a Sheriff's star. And we know what that means in the Wild, Wild Westeros.It's nice visual economy like that that keeps me glued!I love that analogy!  Props for realizing it and props to D&D as well, stuff like that is easy to miss on a conscious level but has an impact nonetheless.
554	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	I think your reading of the material is far from close; sounds more like you're arguing from a television perspective rather than Cereal's original question about the wolves being necessary in the books. Nymeria may not be seen, but you'd be blind if you didn't see that she was present and active in the chaos of the riverlands. Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination--one of the reasons they call him the Young Wolf is because of his direwolf. Of the direwolves, Shaggydog is the least visible, I'll grant you.Yeah my comment was half tongue-in-cheek, but I do partially believe it.The only wolf that is essential to the story is Summer (so far). The rest are there to help make the Starks more believable with regard to their accomplishments. Grey Wind helps Robb become King in the North, when otherwise he probably wouldn't have succeeded at it. Nymeria helps kill people who chase after Arya. Lady is pointless. Even Ghost only helps to make Jon into something more than he normally would be. Without Ghost the wildlings might not have taken him in, without Ghost he might not have saved Mormont from the wights, and so on and so forth.So yeah, in that aspect I guess they're essential, but they're just a plot device. They're just kind of there, helping you believe that the Starks could accomplish all that they have despite being naive and young. The wolves don't really have a direct affect on the story.
555	kungtotte	2011-05-23	Has the wolfpack had a major impact on any storylines?It is referenced often in the books, adding another layer of instability and danger to the riverlands. If there was no wolfpack, life and travel in the riverlands would be safer, which would affect numerous storylines indirectly if not in a major way.Also,
	Spoiler Nymeria-as-controlled-by-Arya is the one to drag Catelyn to the shore after the Red Wedding. If not for her, there would be no unCat.
Robb can just as easily be called Young Wolf because he is Old Wolf's son.  I don't see how Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination, at all.He wins the Greatjon to Robb's cause, defeats numerous enemies in battle and serves as a figurehead for Robb's army as well as instills fear in Robb's foes. Critical might be overstating it, but without Grey Wind the story would develop completely different.
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 23 May 2011 - 11:02 AM.
556	valacirca	2011-05-23	I haven't said this for any episode yet, but I'll say it now: Best. Episode. Yet. Considering the best score I've given so far was a 9/10 for E02, this episode is sure to get the same score at least from me. I'll be voting after replying here.Thoughts:- No "Tower of Joy" dream = FAIL. At least that's what I initially thought. And then I realized that as good it was probably going to look on screen, there was the great possibility that it would confuse and alienate the non-reader audience of the show, so I figured I could understand and live with it...- ...otherwise, that entire first scene was excellently adapted from the book and I loved the interaction between Robert and Ned and how they lifted a lot of actual lines from the book.- The attack on Bran I felt should have been alright considering how they changed it; with the exception of one really important thing: Where were the fucking direwolves?? It's really sad and unfortunate that there are so few scenes with the direwolves.- Fuck yes: Great exterior shot of the Eyrie dungeons! Screencap. Fun scene with Tyrion and Mord.- Great scene with Arya and Syrio! Almost makes up for the episode having no "Tower of Joy". Almost.- The heart-eating scene, although smaller in scope, was excellently done. It captured everything it had to capture from the book and the little bit at the end with Dany almost barfing out the last piece was a welcome addition for the added suspense.- Tyrion's confession scene: Absolute WIN. Haha! "Milked my eel... Flogged the one-eyed snake... Stuffed my sausage... Made the bald man cry" /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> - Now is it just me or isn't that kid playing Robin Arryn completely nailing that role?! I swear I would believe it if someone told me that the kid was really crazy in real life.- Moon Door = fucking awesome. Overall, that entire scene with Tyrion in front of Lysa in the Eyrie hall almost made up for the lack of direwolves earlier. Almost.- Now, the one part I wasn't looking forward to was the one in the throne room of King's Landing with that whole business regarding Gregor Clegane. I thought it was a bland chapter in the book when I was reading it and I thought that this was relatively bland as well for the most part. But I liked how the relatively dramatic way how they ended the scene, so all in all not a total loss.- Bronn vs Vardis: Not the most excellent of fight scenes, but it was well done and I'm glad that they didn't rush it too much. Bronn's parting line at the end was badass and so was Tyrion's cockiness after his champion won. Couldn't decide if I should loathe them or be impressed.- Did not dig the Sansa-Septa-Joff scenein general because I don't particularly care for any of those characters, but I enjoyed Sansa's rudeness to Septa. "Oh wait... I just realized, I don't care." (oh snap!)- Did not particularly care for the Theon-Ros scene either, but I neither found it jarring nor did I dislike it either.- Ned's light-bulb-moment-of-realization why Jon Arryn was murdered was really well played. Even better than it was in the book, if I dare say so. Or maybe it was just excellently adapted for TV. In any case, that was a great way to do the "reveal" for the audience, imo. Screw that "heavy handed" crap.- Overall, I've decided to give this a 10/10. In terms of pacing, how scenes were translated from the book and how they were balanced with material that was changed and added, I thought this episode did the best job so far. The acting was great and there were a lot of excellent lines - both new and adapted.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 23 May 2011 - 10:04 PM.
557	Abaddon	2011-05-23	I actually think it's too bad that they already cast someone else as Shae, as I think they could've slipped Ros in to assume Shae's role pretty nicely.I agree that Ros is a better character than she is being given credit for, but let's not be hasty, we have yet to see what the Shae that they have cast has to offer.  Shae is a pretty different character than Ros and it would be hard to swallow Tyrion's warped love of Shae when he's already had a very casual tumble with Ros.
558	Carldog	2011-05-23	Anyone know the numbers for this week?
559	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-23	Seven hells I am so loving this show. I can't wait until it's all done and I can have a ten hour marathon. Some notes on episode six:No Jon Snow or the Wall in this episode either.Jaime Lannister was absent here as well. Obvious he was acting rashly when he fought Ned last time and had to leave. Still, the Lannisters are all set for war as evidenced by their bannermen reaving the Riverlands.Slapping Cersei - and in front of Ned no less - may well have sealed Robert's death warrant.Foreshadowing of Theon's betrayal with the repeating line about Stark "not being your House".Nice to see Bran enjoying himself after being able to ride again.Heh! Tonks from Harry Potter as Osha the Wildling. Ought to be an interesting casting decision.Why was Robb angry at Theon for saving Bran's life? He should be grateful. How would it otherwise have turned out?But where was the direwolf?Great view from the Eyrie from Tyrion's sky cell. Nice touch with the clouds below. That was also in the previous episode.Laughed at Syrio's line about saying "not today" to Death - the only god.Man it was yucky seeing Dany eat that raw heart (especially since I was eating myself at the time). How did she manage to keep it down?Great showdown of a kind between Jorah and Viserys when Jorah clearly stood behind Dany and didn't allow the Beggar King to take the dragon eggs.I'm constantly impressed by Iain Glen's performance as Jorah.Pretty insightful of Viserys that you need either wealth, fear or love to rule - and he has neither of those qualities.Tyrion was great at playing Mord and the court of the Vale to his advantage. It was only when Lady Arryn said the trail by combat had to take place now that he showed some fear... until Bronn stepped forward. It was funny to see Bronn chuckling at Tyrion's "confession".Loved Bronn owning the duel and his line that he didn't fight with honour, but that his opponent had, for a lot of good that did Ser VardisRenly is a real pansy isn't he? I am a bit disappointed that he's given this treatment on the show. I assumed he'd be more manly. And if he's so opposed to war in Westeros, why did he proclaim himself king? It doesn't speak good of him if it will all be on Loras's insistence.You could just see Littlefinger playing Ned into war with the Lannisters during the audience with the smallfolk from the Riverlands.Finally saw Beric Dondarrion, who should have been at the Hand's tournament.Ned not only denounced Gregor Clegane, but practically labelled Tywin Lannister as a traitor as well. A bold move to be sure.Ah, the return of annoying and selfish Sansa. After all that has happened she just got swept up from her feet by some pretty words from her "prince". The ground is now laid for her inadvertent "betrayal" of her father.Joffrey's line about never going to disrespect or be cruel to Sansa will of course turn out to be the exact opposite.I loved Arya's "seven hells" when Sansa says she's going to marry Joffrey and have his babies. Likewise when Sansa blurted out that she doesn't want someone "brave, gentle and strong". Be careful what you wish for! And the expressions on both Arya's and Ned's faces at that was pretty funny too.Out of the mouth of babes - Sansa giving her father the idea about what's wrong with the Baratheon/Lannister lineage.It was pretty unnecessary to show Roz's "lady parts" but I suppose HBO has to have some explicit scene in each episode. The character is not in the books but I gather that she'll become one of the whores in King's Landing that we get to see from time to time. The producers seem to like the actress (who is rather pretty as well). Heck, they might even have her take the role that Shae has in the books.A golden crown. I didn't think they were actually going to show the "crowning" as it was so gruesome. But it was nicely done, if horrific to watch. But Viserys had it coming since he has no sense of self-preservation. I wonder how first time viewers will react since he might have been considered a major character. The first of many rude awakenings for them regarding this GRRM story.
560	Kaitscralt	2011-05-23	He wins the Greatjon to Robb's cause, defeats numerous enemies in battle and serves as a figurehead for Robb's army as well as instills fear in Robb's foes. Critical might be overstating it, but without Grey Wind the story would develop completely different.I couldn't disagree more.Let's imagine that Robb wins over the Greatjon with an emotional, badass speech, the mere rumor of Greywind and the Stark banner serve as Robb's figurehead, and Robb's prowess in battle instills fear in his enemies.How would those things affect the story whatsoever?
561	Smiler	2011-05-23	Another great episode.Positives: Acting by the vast majority of the cast.  Tryion owned this one. Ned's call to justice was awesome. Viserys and Dany were great. Line for line delivery of Robert and Cersei visiting Ned's bed.Berric - In his one or two short lines he portrayed Berric's sense of justice and his appearance was a good match too.Bronn fight - I was thinking the whole time, "please don't throw Vardis out the moon door", and they didn't disappoint.  They kept the fight very similar to the book, ending it mostly the same.....and THEN it was OK to kick him out the moon door.Rob being a badass.Negatives (most very minor):Scope of settings - My only real legitimate gripe about the series so far.  Too small, too clean...here's hoping for a bigger budget in the future.No direwolves in wildling exchange - As I was watching the scene unfold I was laughing to myself, "boarders are going to have an absolute shitfit that they weren't there", then I was thinking "yeah, this sucks they aren't there".  It was a very memorable book scene with them chewing on entrails, etc.Still reserving judgment on Renly.  I'm hoping he shows more and more outward confidence.Still holding out for the Tower of Joy....Excited for the next episode, I'm still disapointed with Tywin's appearance.  I wanted the shaved head, golden lambchops look.
					
					
							Edited by Smiler, 23 May 2011 - 11:22 AM.
562	The King's Foot	2011-05-23	Quick-hit thoughts after reading 14 pages of thread:
 - Sansa's bitchiness: I believe the producers are setting up the character for more growth early in the series.  Book Sansa is just a victim, really, until you get to SoS and AFfC when she starts to show the beginnings of character development, starting with escaping KL (though she was completely reliant on others) and moreso as Alayne Stone.  That's too long to wait in the minds of the Showrunners, I think, so they are making her bitchy and childish now so she can come full circle after Ned gets shorter by a head.
 - Lack of direwolves is really bugging me.
 - Lack of ToJ is ok for now, but they HAVE to get that scene in BEFORE Ned bites it.  It's his memory, he and Howland Reed are the only two survivors of the fight.  If R+L=J is wrong, maybe we'll find out by the producers (and by extension GRRM) being totally ok with omitting this flashback.  I'm in the pro R+L=J camp, and I'm concerned.  This is one of the main mysteries of the series and once Ned's dead there's no way to get at it.
 - Robin's "and then what happened??" was effing priceles
 - Roz/Theon: could be setting up Roz as a character in KL later, but also could be just making Theon (and more specifically what Theon does to Bran/Rickon and WF) more believable later.
 - Peter Dinklage vs Sean Bean for best actor Emmy this year is a serious fight.  I think they give it to Bean since he won't be around to win one in season 2 while Dinklage will have all sorts of juicy KL plotting plus Battle of the Blackwater to own on screen.  Both are richly deserving.
 - The "Hunt" scene.  Yeah, I get that they're off on their own away from the main party (isn't that how it is in the books right before Robert gets mortally wounded?), but it did look silly.  I kept thinking of Monty Python and the Holy Grail - just two knights "galloping" on imaginary horses by themselves.  All we needed was Lancel clip-clopping two coconut halves together.
 - Harry Lloyd may get a best supporting actor nom for that crowning scene alone
Favorite ep so far by a looong shot.  Wow.
563	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-23	We still have the scene Ned remembers while in the dungeon cell.  I think it would fit more appropriately there anyway.One of my favorite scenes in the entire series is when Dany enters the House of the Undying. So far one of the most amazing scenes was cut out (Bran falling alongside the Three Eyed Crow) and now the Tower of Joy dream of Ned's.How are they going to do that Dany scene? Show her enter a house at the end of the show and then reemerge (excluding everything cool that goes down inside) at the beginning of the next show?The lack of these intriguing scenes is starting to make me worried. I bet they cut out the old witch from Hollow Hill as well (if it goes to SOS which I think it will when Season 2 delivers the euphoria it is bound to give).
					
					
							Edited by TyrionTargaryen, 23 May 2011 - 11:26 AM.
564	Huan	2011-05-23	- Robin's "and then what happened??" was effing priceles- Harry Lloyd may get a best supporting actor nom for that crowning scene aloneI too loved Robin's response to Tyrion's tales! Robin Arryn has a lot more personality than Robert Arryn, which is a good thing I think.Harry Lloyd was excellent, I will miss him in the show. His portrayal of Viserys' bewilderment and resentment at the love for Dany and dawning comprehension of his situation both with Jorah and in the crowning scene was brilliant. His plea to Dany at the end was very, very sad.
565	Kaitscralt	2011-05-23	[*]Why was Robb angry at Theon for saving Bran's life? He should be grateful. How would it otherwise have turned out?Because he was shooting from far away and could have hit Bran with a wide shot -- or fired a non-lethal hit on the wildling who would have likely cut Bran's neck afterwards. Theon could have waited a bit, but he is over-confident.
566	Alexia	2011-05-23	I don't totally care for the reinterpretation of Sansa.  I'm guessing its because they wanted to play up some of her snotty internal monologue from the first book, but she was so focused on being ladylike that she would never have treated her septa that way.  I don't like how mean she's being.
OTOH, I did think it was hysterical when she made her declaration that she wanted to marry Joffrey and have his babies.  Ned's facial expression (trying not to laugh at her) made it even funnier.
I'm not sure what was intended with the way Daenerys watched Viserys die.  My husband asked if she hated him, which is really how it came across, but in the books she felt really saddened by it.  Either way, I shall miss Viserys - I see the character in a completely new light thanks to the show.  As for the eating of the horse heart, I have a sensitive stomach and couldn't watch that scene.  Gross!
I did double over laughing when Ned had the hubris to order Tywin Lannister, the father-in-law of the king, to court to account for the crimes of his bannerman.  Not smart, Ned, not smart.  
Tyrion was pretty awesome this episode.  I'm kind of looking forward to seeing Mord with a mouthful of gold teeth in Season 3 - and his confession was pretty funny.  I'm looking forward to seeing Tywin pretty soon.
567	Jaime L	2011-05-23	Excited for the next episode, I'm still disapointed with Tywin's appearance.  I wanted the shaved head, golden lambchops look.Me too. The man is the biggest badass in the series - he better nail that withering "if looks could kill" gaze or I'm going to be depressed. Think my expectations for him are higher than anyone. And reading some reviews, even non-readers are picking up on how hardcore Tywin Lannister is.All we needed was Lancel clip-clopping two coconut halves together.Lancel was obviously too intent on getting to grandmother's house to provide the proper sound effects.
568	kungtotte	2011-05-23	I couldn't disagree more.Let's imagine that Robb wins over the Greatjon with an emotional, badass speech, the mere rumor of Greywind and the Stark banner serve as Robb's figurehead, and Robb's prowess in battle instills fear in his enemies.How would those things affect the story whatsoever?Setting aside the fact that I don't think the Greatjon is the kind of man to be swayed by pretty words and emotion, you still need Grey Wind to be present in the world for things to play out the way they did. Without him the tone of the story, Robb's character development, the disposition of his army and so on and so forth is changed. Maybe it doesn't matter that it changes, but it still changes.I don't necessarily think they need to show more of the wolves in the TV show, but I think they aren't giving them enough attention. If they can't show them on screen, have the characters name-drop them a little bit, or talk about things they've done. Like in the scene with Robb, Bran and Theon, they could have easily added a line for Theon along the lines of "What was I supposed to do, wait for those damned direwolves to come save you?".
569	walrus	2011-05-23	Accidentally posted this in the episode preview thread, meant to post it here...So about this whole ToJ debate, check out this quote from Harry Lloyd (Viserys):"I remember them saying at the beginning there were going to be no dreams, no flashbacks, but we have seen a couple of Bran's dreams, so I don't know,"So if they (the creators) said at one point there were no dreams or flashbacks I'd say it is very unlikely that there will be a ToJ scene, even if they did end up including the crow dreams. Quote is from this interview
570	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	It is referenced often in the books, adding another layer of instability and danger to the riverlands. If there was no wolfpack, life and travel in the riverlands would be safer, which would affect numerous storylines indirectly if not in a major way.Hardly lol. The wolf-pack is referenced far less than the man-packs roaming around killing people and burning their villages.
571	kungtotte	2011-05-23	I'm re-reading the books right now. It is referenced often. When speaking of wolfpacks, speakers usually specify whether it is two- or four-legged wolves (or both).
572	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	Edit: Double post
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 23 May 2011 - 11:46 AM.
573	The King's Foot	2011-05-23	Accidentally posted this in the episode preview thread, meant to post it here...So about this whole ToJ debate, check out this quote from Harry Lloyd (Viserys):So if they (the creators) said at one point there were no dreams or flashbacks I'd say it is very unlikely that there will be a ToJ scene, even if they did end up including the crow dreams. Quote is from this interviewSaddening.  How the hell are they going to handle Jon's parentage without that?  By people talking about it? Would have to be the Reeds I guess.  What about Meera's story about the tourney at Harrenhal, are they going to leave that out too b/c it's a flashback?  I get that you don't want to over-do that stuff, otherwise you end up with a confusing TV show (unless you handle it like Lost did, and even that got fairly dense for some folks, see Lost's ratings over the years), but if the plan is to leave Jon's parentage a complete mystery until such time as GRRM reveals it in the books, they'll be missing this whole background support.
574	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	I'm re-reading the books right now. It is referenced often. When speaking of wolfpacks, speakers usually specify whether it is two- or four-legged wolves (or both).Referenced often, but far less. They also never directly attribute any deaths to the wolfpack that I know of (except when Arya has them attack her followers).
575	Huan	2011-05-23	HBO has posted its Inside the Episode video for Episode 6.edit: hmm, video not working at the moment, seems to be a script error on HBO's site. Hopefully will be fixed shortly.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 23 May 2011 - 12:01 PM.
576	valacirca	2011-05-23	Didn't anyone get a Rashomon feel regarding how the hunting scene was shot? You know: Upwards shots of the sky/trees and the camera moving sidewards as the characters walked while shooting through the trees and using them as a framing device? I thought it was clever. I feel like it was a homage to Kurosawa of some sort.
577	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	I'm actually arguing from both book and TV, but mostly from the TV perspective... Your example of Nymeria is perfect.  When do we ever SEE Nymeria in the books?  We hear stories of a giant wolfpack roaming the Riverlands, but we never see it.  Has the wolfpack had a major impact on any storylines?  Robb can just as easily be called Young Wolf because he is Old Wolf's son.  I don't see how Grey Wind is critical to Robb's domination, at all.I'll agree with most that the wolves tie into the characters of the Stark children, but I never felt is was critical to the story.  Of course, we don't know what will happen in the next 3 books.It is actually Viserys' words that come back here: Grey Wind gives Robb the element of fear that would otherwise be lacking. He is able to trade to some degree on the love his bannerman held for his father, but the Greatjon scene shows that only went so far. Leaving out the wolves is far from a clean lift unless you then go on and alter the fundamental story. I don't mean changing POV scenes to show characters doing things that weren't in the books--I mean Altering the Word of GRRM! All in all, this is the hobbits and the ents all over again. It may have worked on-screen, but it's both wrong and contrary to the betterment of the story to the greater part of the fanbase that is fueling this thing in the first place. Which is to say, it's not really all that important for a TV audience. But it's still wrong /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
578	Jaime L	2011-05-23	Didn't anyone get a Rashomon feel regarding how the hunting scene was shot? You know: Upwards shots of the sky/trees and the camera moving sidewards as the characters walked while shooting through the trees and using them as a framing device? I thought it was clever. I feel like it was a homage to Kurosawa of some sort.That's a good catch. After all the series is Rashomon. We're replaying the past first from the Starks perspective, gradually from the Targaryens perspective and then in books 3-4 the Lannisters perspective. Right and wrong shifts depending on where you're standing.If this was a conscious homage compltely justifies the hunting scene in my view.
579	Knight Of The North	2011-05-23	I loved the fight with Bronn and Vardis. Though Bronn kept on dropping his sword, he only really did it when he was a few feet away from the Knight; though a trained swordsman can move fast in armour, they rarely can move faster than a good blade. He used his surroundings and, as Lady Arryn said, thought entirely without honour. He killed a Knight in the same way people did it back then; disable him, jab a sharp object through his throat - though why he wasn't wearing a gorget was beyond me. 
I love the actor for him; he just captures the air of mercenary prowess.
580	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-23	Now, I'll be honest, I feel like the Tower of Joy is completely a clean lift if they never bother with discussing Jon Snow's parentage. I never really felt like it mattered in the books, either--it was just one more grim memory of an old soldier. So I get Cereal and the other folks who don't see the need to keep F5ing the direwolves for the audience.
581	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-23	I love how passionate this guys gets with his reviews: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2H9y-T2AW7Q
He did review both six and seven, but he stops and lets people know that he is about to do seven so that people can stop watching if they don't want to get spoiled.
582	valacirca	2011-05-23	That's a good catch. After all the series is Rashomon. We're replaying the past first from the Starks perspective, gradually from the Targaryens perspective and then in books 3-4 the Lannisters perspective. Right and wrong shifts depending on where you're standing.If this was a conscious homage compltely justifies the hunting scene in my view.ohshit... you're right. great insight. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
583	smegma	2011-05-23	Didn't anyone get a Rashomon feel regarding how the hunting scene was shot? You know: Upwards shots of the sky/trees and the camera moving sidewards as the characters walked while shooting through the trees and using them as a framing device? I thought it was clever. I feel like it was a homage to Kurosawa of some sort.I was just talking about this very thing not four minutes ago. I had wondered if it was my imagination, or if I was just looking at it too closely - but it really did scream Rashomon to me. Glad to see I'm not just impressing my own love of the film onto it /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
584	Parev	2011-05-23	I was disappointed with the Vardis/Bronn fight, only because in the book, Vardis does *almost* win at one point. I the TV version it was pretty much a rout.
585	Knight Of The North	2011-05-23	I was disappointed with the Vardis/Bronn fight, only because in the book, Vardis does *almost* win at one point. I the TV version it was pretty much a rout.I think that's unfair. When Bronn was backed up against the Moon Door, Vardis came very close to flat out winning.
586	The King's Foot	2011-05-23	One other line that I don't believe is in the books that utterly floored me, both in the writing and acting, was Robert's "You were the brother I chose", said to Ned in the opening scene.  The TV Robert is hugely sympathetic to me as the guy who really did get the brass ring.  Mark Addy doing a terrific job, he's another one like Harry Lloyd that will be sorely missed who's name is not Sean Bean.I have to wonder on the casting for Season 2, if some other big names are throwing their hats into the ring given how great the show is turning out, with all the critical acclaim and rising ratings.  Stannis, Davos, Mel, Jaqen etc.  There are emmys to be won here people!!I've personally always pictured Stannis as  Frank Langella, but I think he's too old since Stannis is supposed to be younger than Robert.
587	kungtotte	2011-05-23	I see someone like Jason Isaacs from Black Hawk Down when I picture Stannis.It is also in keeping with Doctor Who/Harry Potter actors /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
588	Dark Knight	2011-05-23	So, I finally watched the episode. Loved most of it, but 2 things irked me:
-no wolves. again. I was expecting some carnage in the woods /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> .
-yet another out of place Theon-Roslin exchange. Guess Ros really is going to have a role she didn't have in the books...
And finally, the actress that plays Arya is absolutely great! My favorite scene of this episode: " /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />, Seven Hells!" /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Dark Knight, 23 May 2011 - 01:16 PM.
589	Wandarya	2011-05-23	I was very surprised when he said that. We know George is a consultant for the show, but I can't imagine him giving away something so spoiler-y. I think the writers are just messing with us, but time will tell.Syrio does not have to be Jaqen to be given this line.   I think Syrio is just Syrio.   However the line serves other purposes as well.  It lays a foundation of this religion to Arya, by someone whom she has come to trust and admire when all is still well (more or less) in her life.   It also reminds us that Syrio is Braavosi.    I loved this scene.  Another reason for laying this foundation is that it helps us to understand why Arya ends up where she does.I really missed having the Tower of Joy scene here.  I'm hoping they still add something about it and we don't have all that much of Ned left.  As far as the viewer is concerned, Ned isn't trouble at all about the past and his promises to Lyanna.  At this point in the book, he's thought about her quite a lot.   We've seen none of it, and I think it's not because it is ultimately irrelevant, I think it's because it would give too much away.  To show any flashback with Lyanna would give away an awful lot or at least it'd be so hard for it not to.
590	Bronn Stone	2011-05-23	I have to wonder on the casting for Season 2, if some other big names are throwing their hats into the ring given how great the show is turning out, with all the critical acclaim and rising ratings.  Stannis, Davos, Mel, Jaqen etc.  There are emmys to be won here people!!I don't think this will help them too much with second season casting.  But perhaps by the third.  I hope they get a megastar for Oberyn Martell.  Great character, some great action scenes, even better dialogue and the role is finite.
591	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	Now, I'll be honest, I feel like the Tower of Joy is completely a clean lift if they never bother with discussing Jon Snow's parentage. I never really felt like it mattered in the books, either--it was just one more grim memory of an old soldier. So I get Cereal and the other folks who don't see the need to keep F5ing the direwolves for the audience./smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I miss the direwolves too, but I couldn't give 2 shits about the Starks so it doesn't really bother me. I just like to argue.
592	Ellroy	2011-05-23	Best episode of the series so far. I just missed the wolves in Bran's scene but overall I like a lot what they have done, even the scene that were not in the book. The solution they found to adapt the book material were very good, especially in the Vaes Dothrack sequence.
I loved the confrontation between Robert and Renly and the last scene with Viserys death.  
For the first time the dialogue sounded natural and not just some form of exposition. And there is a lot of charachter development.
Yep, the show lack the subtlety of the books but I can live with that if they keep up with good TV storytelling.
PS: I have not readed the rest of the post so excuse if it has been allready mentioned. Am I the only one who noted that Siryo says that the only God is Death? It's too crackpot to consider it as a confirmation of his connection with the FM?
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 23 May 2011 - 02:44 PM.
593	Cereal Forel	2011-05-23	Definitely not a confirmation. Just because he believes in the same god doesn't make him a faceless man. Literally everyone in Braavos is familiar with that religion.
594	Rockroi	2011-05-23	I've personally always pictured Stannis as Frank LangellaYeah... I see someone like Jason Isaacs from Black Hawk Down when I picture Stannis.Nice!  Me?  I have always pictured Collin Firth as Stannis.  How great would that be?  His got the smarmy arrogance in him; nails the British accent (even if, apparently, since winning the Oscar for King's Speech, Firth has actually developed a stammer), and you can probably picture him killing a guy.
595	Ellroy	2011-05-23	Definitely not a confirmation. Just because he believes in the same god doesn't make him a faceless man. Literally everyone in Braavos is familiar with that religion.I'm not saying that Siryo=Jaqen. I'm only saying that it seems to hint some sort of connection between Syrio and the FM. And yes, he is familiar with the religion since he is bravoosi. But being familiar or believing a faith are not the same thing. Not at all.
596	Spionkop	2011-05-23	Excellent episode yet again, not as exciting as last weeks but some good scenes, I loved the fight in the eyrie it was so realistic the knight was slow and cumbersome and Bronn simply tired him to the point of weakness  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> . The Golden crown effect surpised me how good it was, I assumed they'd do a cut away but we got the full thing.  /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
597	WhiteHaven	2011-05-23	If nothing else, Tyrion in this episode taught us multiple medieval euphemisms for masturbation:  I milked my eel, I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage, I made the bald man cry.The last one is I'm sure 100% intentional foreshadowing to his coming time in Kings Landing.Since we have no HBO here in Germany and no DVD-release, yet I can stop the episode whenever I like *cough*That scene was SO amusing. I was laughing so hard, my ma came in asked me if everything is allright. Seriously I love Tyrion in the show, even more then I did in the books.Sean Bean is just amazing. He is such a good actor -  I am very sad that the series must live without him.
598	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-23	I don't quite get the whole "Cersei is too sympathetic" argument I keep seeing. If that were the case, then why are so many nonreaders, especially women (my wife included), so happy Robert slapped the shit out of her? They don't have to be so blatantly obvious about her evilness to make her come off as evil do they? If anything, I like the more dimensional version of her here. You really don't get that in book one. 
I am going to be one of those that goes out on a limb and express my enjoyment of the hunt scene. I liked Renly's little "hissy" fit. He puts Robert in his place about all the nostalgic reminiscing  of the good old days. Renly calls him on it and how the good old days weren't all that good for that many people. It kind of makes me think of the Tea Party and their desire to go back to the good old days when women couldn't vote and blacks were merely servants. Renly is starting to think of himself as something more; someone better than what has come before and someone that the people will love rather than be forced to deal with in the whole "the king is dead, long live the king" sort of thing.
599	nya across the narrow sea	2011-05-23	Likes: 1) Ned Passing Out the King's Justice: it's been awhile since i've done a re-read and i totally forgot about the Ned-condemning-Gregor-for-his-village-massacre scene. The casting so far has been hit-and-miss for me, but as many others have said before, Sean Bean was a definite GREAT call for Ned. Watching that scene gave me goosebumps, and then when Sir Beric Dondarrion stepped up...even though the guy didn't speak a word of dialogue, Sir Beric is easily one of the very few "noble" and "true" knights of the series. i mean, he came back from the dead multiple times and kept doing his job! that's honoring the mission for you! /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 2) The Eeyrie scenes + the Goalkeeper: Tyrion's sky cell scenes with the Goalkeeper really crack me up. I don't remember the books being as funny and I think the show has really unexpectedly injected some very good black humor in there. "Sometimes possession is an abstract concept..." "NO GOLD! *CLUB*" "I once brought a donkey and a honeycomb into a brothel --" I never was much of a fan of Tyrion in the books (blasphemy, i know), but Peter Dinklage has really won me over thanks to his comedic charms (although the accent still needs a bit of work there.) Dislikes:1) Sansa and Septa: What was up with that whole exchange? I don't recall Sansa turning into such a Mean Girl in the books. Sure, she's kind of a dumb teen queen in the first book, but I don't ever think she was a Mean Girls style "-- Oh wait, I don't care" kind of rude. We already know she's feeling upset about the fact that Joffrey appears to be mad at her, and grief about Jory's death doesn't explain away her rudeness to Septa because in the very next second when Joffrey appears she seems to have gotten over it due to his acting nice again. It just makes her character seem unnecessarily bratty and we don't need anymore reason to resent her (we'll be getting plenty of reason soon enough in the coming episodes when she goes squealing to Cersei.) 2) the importance of Roz: First, we get several different characters talking about using her services. Then, we get that scene with Theon. Now, we get her going away scene. What is the point? Unless she is somehow going to impact the story later on, there are so many other characters in this HUGE series that are strapped for screen time and we get SO MANY scenes with Theon's favorite whore? She's not even an important whore as far as whores go in this epic story!
600	DurararaFTW	2011-05-23	Gotta say, I liked the Wolf and the Lion a lot more. The Sansa being a ***** thing, Robert's hunting trip must have been shot when the budget had run out completely, Bran's scenes, I could almost forgive the lack of diewolves, but even then, I felt this scene was cut very short. This is the most action Bran is gonna get for about an entire season, and after that storyline it'll be several seasons before he gets anymore, Bran being one of the characters they can't actally cut out, this didn't seem like the scene to cut down on.
601	Aganerral	2011-05-23	Gotta say, I liked the Wolf and the Lion a lot more. The Sansa being a ***** thing, Robert's hunting trip must have been shot when the budget had run out completely, Bran's scenes, I could almost forgive the lack of diewolves, but even then, I felt this scene was cut very short. This is the most action Bran is gonna get for about an entire season, and after that storyline it'll be several seasons before he gets anymore, Bran being one of the characters they can't actally cut out, this didn't seem like the scene to cut down on.I don't think that they'd cut Bran out like that.  He has a sizable role through the 3rd book.  For the 4th season, I'd guess that instead of doing all of aFfC, they'd do the time-paired parts of aFfC and aDwD and get through about half of each.
602	I hate Catelyn Stark!	2011-05-23	When do we ever SEE Nymeria in the books?  We hear stories of a giant wolfpack roaming the Riverlands, but we never see it.  Has the wolfpack had a major impact on any storylines?When Arya is fleeing with Hot Pie and Gendry (from Lorch's men or Bloody Mummers, I think, don't remember exactly), she has a "dream" of leading a wolfpack and killing a group of soldiers or militants.  This is CLEARLY Nymeria saving Arya's life by killing her pursuers.  So we do sort of see Nymeria and she definitely has an impact on the story.
603	LadyStormHeart	2011-05-23	I really can't forgive the lack of the dire wolves.  They are one of my favorite parts to this story and their lack is truly irritating.  Especially the scene with Bran getting attacked.  Summer and Grey Wind, and I do believe Rickon's wolf too?, kick major a-- in that scene.  What are we going to get when Robb goes to war?  Will Grey Wind be gone then too?  He's HUGE in the war with Robb; not only for his assistance but his added symbolism for the Stark King in the North.  And Ghost... my favorite... where are you Ghost?  You're truly living up to your name.
604	DurararaFTW	2011-05-23	I don't think that they'd cut Bran out like that.  He has a sizable role through the 3rd book.  For the 4th season, I'd guess that instead of doing all of aFfC, they'd do the time-paired parts of aFfC and aDwD and get through about half of each.He has the smallest POV role in the 3rd, nothing in the fourth, and is not one of the large roles in the fifth. That's not a lot and that needs to be stretched out over three seasons. Now look at the time they spend setting up Theon and Roz, and look at how many POV's they got ahead of them.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 23 May 2011 - 03:48 PM.
605	Ellroy	2011-05-23	He has the smallest POV role in the 3rd, nothing in the fourth, and is not one of the large roles in the fifth. That's not a lot and that needs to be stretched out over three seasons. Now look at the time they spend setting up Theon and Roz, and look at how many POV's they got ahead of them.Imho, Roz is going to be Shae.
606	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-23	If I didn't read the books, I would think this is one of the best episodes so far, however it feels undone without the Tower of Joy scene. I hope before the series ends we get it. I just think it is too important to leave out.
607	Balefont	2011-05-23	Imho, Roz is going to be Shae.To all that keep insisting that Roz is replacing Shae, I'm sorry but you're wrong.  This is the woman cast in the role of Shae.
608	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-23	Hopefully Roz gets killed when gold cloaks storm the brothels looking for Robert's bastard daughter. Enough of that wench./tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
609	legba11	2011-05-23	Haven't read the thread yet, had to work until now so almost a day's worth of chatter to catch up on:
First thoughts:
Great episode, only minus is you really saw the budget limitations in several scenes here.
Mormont continues to be way cooler on TV then in the books.  He is stealing the show.
Robin Arryn is lousy, makes me appeciate how good the kid actors are for the other roles.
Let the body vount begin!  Harry Loyd, you brought a TON to a fairly bleh character.  You deserved a longer life...
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 23 May 2011 - 04:35 PM.
610	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-23	Haven't read the thread yet, had to work until now so almost a day's worth of chatter to catch up on:First thoughts:Great episode, only minus is you really saw the budget limitations in several scenes here.Mormont continues to be way cooler on TV then in the books.  He is stealing the show.Robert Arryn is lousy, makes me appeciate how good the kid actors are for the other roles.Let the body vount begin!  Harry Loyd, you brought a TON to a fairly bleh character.  You deserved a longer life...Couldn't agree more about Harry Lloyd. Most the actors/actresses are nailing this show right now.
611	Darzin	2011-05-23	I'm not saying that Siryo=Jaqen. I'm only saying that it seems to hint some sort of connection between Syrio and the FM. And yes, he is familiar with the religion since he is bravoosi. But being familiar or believing a faith are not the same thing. Not at all.All Braavosi worship the many faced God its the religion of their city, the cabin boy in AFFC tells Arya how the Braavosi honor all gods, so it maked sense that Syrio follows the religion of Braavos. The many faced god isn't just worshiped by the the FM, just as the seven aren't just worshiped by septons.
					
					
							Edited by Darzin, 23 May 2011 - 04:43 PM.
612	legba11	2011-05-23	I am no supporter of the Syrio=Jaquen theory, but this scene gave me pause too.  Either they are confirming it, or just screwing with us.  Either way, it is slightly maddening.But, but, but... They proved it in a long thread.  On the internets...
613	Masha	2011-05-23	Best episode of the series so far. I just missed the wolves in Bran's scene but overall I like a lot what they have done, even the scene that were not in the book. The solution they found to adapt the book material were very good, especially in the Vaes Dothrack sequence.About the missing wolves scene. I remember GRRM mentioning on his livejournal that 2 dogs who play the wolves started fighting each other on the set and it actually led to vet visit for at least one (bleeding wounds), and since its the only scene in the book that has 2 wolves working together, after most characters left Winterfell, I guess they had to cut this scene because they couldn't control the dogs who apparently can't stand each other now.
614	Lupigis	2011-05-23	Seeing the four of them just march determinedly through the forest... so bad.Agree about the hunt scene. Also, are there no forests in NI that look a bit more wild and a bit less than a fir plantation?Maybe I belong to a minority but I find it hard to suspend my disbelief when all the trees are the same age, the same species and stand in obvious straight lines. It just screams "modern plantation" to me.
615	Bubba	2011-05-23	I hope Harry Lloyd gets a good job out of his stay on GOT. Going from what I've read on non ASOIAF fansites, non book viewers loved him and actually resent Dany for not doing anything.
616	Huan	2011-05-23	Imho, Roz is going to be Shae.To all that keep insisting that Roz is replacing Shae, I'm sorry but you're wrong.  This is the woman cast in the role of Shae.My guess is that Ros is incorporating the role of Chataya, helping Tyrion with his secret route to visiting Shae in King's Landing via Littlefinger's brothel (Chataya's brothel in the book).
617	The King's Foot	2011-05-23	My guess is that Ros is incorporating the role of Chataya, helping Tyrion with his secret route to visiting Shae in King's Landing via Littlefinger's brothel (Chataya's brothel in the book).Which will make it a bit more "on-screen believable" when he gets irate at Cersei for whipping her.  In the book we get his inner monologue, on screen we'll see Tyrion expecting to see Shae and sees good 'ol Roz instead.  Since we've seen those characters together (in the biblical sense) on the show, his reaction will make more sense.  Setting aside that he needs to "act" upset to not give away that Cersei's got the wrong ho, he really is angry and this will make it more real.
618	First Sword of Braavos	2011-05-23	It seems like most of people's complaints center around cool scenes they loved which have been cut or didn't live up to their expectations.  While ToJ is a beautiful and lyrical scene which hints at future important plot developments, it hasn't had any impact on the story through four books.  And without fully developed green dreams/warging, the direwolves are nothing more than guard dogs, and don't need the screen time that human characters do.  I suspect we'll be seeing more of them in future episodes and seasons.
The TV show is sacrificing some of the initial breadth of the world for more depth, which makes perfect sense, and has led to more fully realized and empathetic characters (Robert, Viserys, Cersei, Theon, Jorah Mormont).
Also, quick shout out to Jason Momoa - despite the lack of screen time and lines, he's making the most of Khal Drogo.
619	Starkess	2011-05-23	Also, quick shout out to Jason Momoa - despite the lack of screen time and lines, he's making the most of Khal Drogo.Agreed! Although the eye shadow is really godawful.
620	Huan	2011-05-23	And finally, the actress that plays Arya is absolutely great! My favorite scene of this episode: " /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />, Seven Hells!" /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />This part of the exchange with Ned was hilarious also:Arya: "Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you're sending us home?"Ned, looking bemused: "What?! No...!"
621	Mazikeen	2011-05-23	Mind = blown. 
Very good episode. Ned is appropriately mutton-headed. Littlefinger is "helpful". Robin is completely psychotic, Tyrion is... Tyrion, Bronn and Robb are badass and Viserys is just. Hm. Words kinda fail me. Wow, I guess?
Fantastic closing scene, exceptional acting from Harry Lloyd (and in the earlier scene with Jorah Mormont). Emilia Clarke and Jason Momoa were also great, you could see her going all cold and hard inside after Viserys threatened to kill her baby.
The Eyrie scenes were spot on, I liked the way Lysa looks at Catelyn when Tyrion demands a trial by combat, as if she suspects a trick but can't put her finger on it. Good fight, too.
Joffrey can be very charming indeed when he wants and one cannot really blame Sansa for going all moist-eyed about him. Some people have complained about her being rude to Septa Mordane and until now it has bothered me too, because book-Sansa was always courteous and polite. With this episode and particularly with the hairstyle remark, I begin to understand why D&D have taken this approach - it underlines that Sansa is distancing herself from her family and from the North. Without her interiour monologue about courtesy being a lady's armour, the conflict would be less obvious to viewers if she kept being polite with everyone around her. But when she snaps at Septa Mordane and throws her teachings back in her face she is widening that gap between her Stark/North persona and the persona she believes she has to take on - a future queen in the South. So yes, it's not the book-Sansa but for me it's a very believable character. Ultimately, I think Sansa is the "lone wolf" that Ned is telling Arya about - she becomes utterly isolated in King's Landing and afterwards. We will see how the show-Sansa will survive that.
The scene with the wildlings bothered me, not for the lack of direwolves (although I kept expecting one of them to jump at Stiv when he was holding Bran), but because the wildlings and especially Osha were caricatures. They are the Free People, I don't see them groveling and begging for their lives so pathetically like Osha did. Perhaps her character will grow and become more like the dignified book-Osha, we shall see. But that hair! What's up with the hair, seriously? Did they milk an electric eel? My disbelief had trouble staying suspended during that scene.
622	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-23	This was easily the best episode yet (Minehar also directs ep 7 which I'll touch on in a moment).  I didn't like the Dothraki/Dany stuff at first but she/they really grew on me and she killed that scene without even really saying a word.  Mormont bugged me because he played the worst Hamlet of all time in Rozencratz and Guildenstern Are Dead and I heldit against him.  He's awesome and getting awesomer.
The fight at the Eyrie... well, I'm not really liking Bronn.  Not cocky enough, not 'mercenary' enough.  Great fight, they've tightened up the dismal swordplay from last episode.  I should just add the following phrase to my clipboard so I don't have to keep typing it - Dinklage is absolutely nailing it as Tyrion.
As for the Ros stuff, well after not being able to help myself from watching ep 7, I can honestly say that I am exceptionally glad she has a larger role.  Nuff said, other than it's even better than ep 6.  I finally have hope that the series is going to allow me to fully immerse myself in it.
eta:  Osha is all wrong to me.  Shouldn't she be an older, sinewy, tougher woman?  This one looks like after a bath she'd actually be attractive.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 23 May 2011 - 07:19 PM.
623	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-23	Now, I'll be honest, I feel like the Tower of Joy is completely a clean lift if they never bother with discussing Jon Snow's parentage. I never really felt like it mattered in the books, either--it was just one more grim memory of an old soldier. So I get Cereal and the other folks who don't see the need to keep F5ing the direwolves for the audience.If you consider that Jon could have Targaryan blood and that he may be one of those that ride the dragons its important at least to consider L+R=J.
624	LadyT	2011-05-23	[quote name='Vuron' timestamp='1306165870' post=I'll agree with most that the wolves tie into the characters of the Stark children, but I never felt is was critical to the story.  Of course, we don't know what will happen in the next 3 books.[/quote]The trouble is, as you say, we don't know how important the wolves ultimately are in the story and I wonder if the screenwriters know any more than we do.  They may in fact not matter...but I kind of doubt that. I have always wondered about the significance of Sansa losing Lady. And the spookiness of Shaggy Dog.  But I can forgive the series handling of them...I am too grateful for everything they are doing right.  That is one of the really weird things about this series.  I don't think I've ever watched a series based on novels that were not yet complete.  I keep wondering what will happen if the show does continue to be successful and we do, in fact, catch up to George.  Will that be it with a tag that says, "And now, gentle watchers, you will just have to wait for the other books to be written.  Nice knowing you.". Or will they do a ""Now here's our version of how this will end which may  not in any way coincide with Mr. Martin's vision.". You know, the version where Bran forgives Jaime and the Kingslayer marries Sansa, uniting the houses, and Dany becomes a weyrwoman.  Just kidding, of course, but  it will be an interesting situation.
625	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-23	I see someone like Jason Isaacs from Black Hawk Down when I picture Stannis.It is also in keeping with Doctor Who/Harry Potter actors /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I saw that guy as Tywin.
626	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-23	For me the highlight of this episode was Beric Dondarrion's appearance. And he was given only a single line. I wonder if he'll show up again this season.Beric Dondarion is my favorite minor character. I like how he has honor and chivalry and at the same time acts a bit like a cocky bastard in the Tourney.Its funny how Sansa say she understand everything about knights but the girl who noticed one of the few true knights of Westeros was Jeyne Poyle, not Sansa. Sansa totaly ignores Dondarion.
627	Mad Queen	2011-05-23	Agreed! Although the eye shadow is really godawful.The eye shadow is a deal-breaker for me. I can't find Drogo sexy at all.
628	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-23	I'm not convinced, but hey, it's just my opinion.  I was an EMT for a while, and I've seen people survive some horrific burns, including a domestic incident where a wife threw a pot of boiling hot oil and onions on her husband's face and head.  The guy writhed on the floor until he was able to crawl to the bathroom shower and douse himself, approximately 4 minutes later. Still, I suppose if it just sat on Viserys' head, he'd die from it eventually...or it would cool off, forming an actual "crown."  I've just seen people survive unbelievable s**t.  That's part of why I got the hell out of that field. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />For me, it's like how easily people are knocked unconscious in TV and film.  It's purely a plot point.  It's hard as hell to knock someone totally unconscious for more than a few seconds in the real world.  Most of the time they stumble around dazed.Come on, dude. At the temp gold melts your brain would be cooked fairly quickly.The "smoke point" of cooking oil is what, 400 to 450 degrees F?The melting point of gold is 1064.18 degrees C, or 1947.52 degrees F. You're comparing apples to oranges.
629	valacirca	2011-05-23	I was just talking about this very thing not four minutes ago. I had wondered if it was my imagination, or if I was just looking at it too closely - but it really did scream Rashomon to me. Glad to see I'm not just impressing my own love of the film onto it /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />/cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> So glad to hear that I'm not the only one that noticed the Rashomon similarities (homage?) of that scene. I really hope it was intentional. I watched the hunting scene again, then quickly browsed Rashomon again, and I'll be damned if they weren't so much alike. Hehe.
630	The Sand Snake	2011-05-23	Loved the episode.  High point for me was Viserys.  Harry Lloyd might be the best actor in the show so far.  Actually has made me feel sort of sorry for Viserys which I never ever did while reading GOT.  I hope he gets a great job after this.  Makes me wish he could have been cast as someone that lived a little longer
631	valacirca	2011-05-23	Loved the episode.  High point for me was Viserys.  Harry Lloyd might be the best actor in the show so far.  Actually has made me feel sort of sorry for Viserys which I never ever did while reading GOT.  I hope he gets a great job after this.  Makes me wish he could have been cast as someone that lived a little longerI totally agree. Maybe not the best actor on the show (because a lot of them are doing an amazing job) but among the best definitely. He has been amazing as Viserys. Not immediately amazing like Dinklage as Tyrion or Maisie as Arya, but he's grown on me so much over the last several episodes and ended up being among my favorites in the cast.And that final scene: An incredible way to end the episode (and Viserys). Also, this line from the book...Viserys smiled and lowered his sword. That was the saddest thing, the thing that tore at her afterward ... the way he smiled....was perfectly translated into this fleeting moment from the show: Screencap.PERFECT.
632	Xanrn	2011-05-23	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.
Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. 
There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.
Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...
Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...
633	valacirca	2011-05-23	nitpicking ftw.
634	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-23	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...I thought it was pretty much straight from the book. Bronn ran around the room dodging slow, awkward blows while Ser Vardis tired himself out, eventually leaving some openings that Bronn exploited.
635	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-24	A couple of things I noticed, both watching this episode and re-watching earlier ones again, but starting with this one. And I don't know why I never thought of any of this before... First off, how do the Wildlings get past the Wall to flee? Seems to me if they can do it, the Others could probably figure it out, too. And, speaking of the Wall, in the first episode, when Benjen tells Jon, regarding saying the words, "You might, if you knew what it meant..." I never thought of that line in regards to the R+L=J theory before, but it seems quite possible that Ned could have told Benjen the truth of Jon's parentage... And finally, in Cersei's version of how the Wolf vs. Lion battle went down, does anyone in the kingdom, (especially Robert) REALLY believe that this older, wiser Ned Stark would pay a drunken visit to a brothel? I know everyone believes he fathered a bastard, but that just seems a little too unbelievable. Come up with a better story, woman!  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
636	Cable	2011-05-24	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...It surprises me that some people like anything at all.Agreed about Harry Lloyd as Viserys. I thought he was good until episode 6 and then broke out and was unbelievable. I really did not care for Viserys at all in the books. Credit to his acting and the writing for making him much more sympathetic and less batshit-insane evil.
637	Lord Godric	2011-05-24	A couple of things I noticed, both watching this episode and re-watching earlier ones again, but starting with this one. And I don't know why I never thought of any of this before... First off, how do the Wildlings get past the Wall to flee? Seems to me if they can do it, the Others could probably figure it out, too.Have you read the books? It is very possible for small bands of Wildlings to get over or around the Wall. Jon says as much when he is climbing over the wall in SoS: It would not be the first time wildlings had scaled the Wall, not even the hundred and first. The patrol stumbled on climbers two or three times a year, and rangers sometimes came on the broken corpses of those who had fallen.  Along the coast the raiders most often built boats to slip across the Bay of Seals.  In the west they would descend into the black depths of the Gorge to make their way around Shadow Tower.  But in between the only way to defeat the Wall was to go over it, and many a raider had. Who is to say the Others wouldn't do the same?  Personally, I believe the Others aren't exactly military tacticians, and they simply rely on brute force and their abilities to create wights.  But there is no evidence to suggest that Others couldn't slip past the Wall in the same way the Wildlings do.  The only reason they haven't is because they seem to have been "sleeping" or just far into the North since the last time they were driven out of the Seven Kingdoms.And finally, in Cersei's version of how the Wolf vs. Lion battle went down, does anyone in the kingdom, (especially Robert) REALLY believe that this older, wiser Ned Stark would pay a drunken visit to a brothel? I know everyone believes he fathered a bastard, but that just seems a little too unbelievable. Come up with a better story, woman!  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />I don't think Robert gives a damn who is telling the truth, he, at this point, is sick of the fighting back and forth between the Lannisters and the Starks.  I doubt Robert would believe Ned was drunk and visiting a brothel, but why they fought isn't as important as making them stop.
638	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-05-24	If you consider that Jon could have Targaryan blood and that he may be one of those that ride the dragons its important at least to consider L+R=J.Oh, indeed. I'm not dismissing L+R=J (in fact it's just as plausible, if not moreso, than N+A), just noting that it hasn't mattered to the story yet. At all.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost of Crackclaw, 24 May 2011 - 04:58 AM.
639	TheEvilKing	2011-05-24	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...Can't tell if troll... I love this bit though:What kind of tit uses a kite shield on foot?!  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
640	Joanna vander Poele	2011-05-24	I'm gonna miss Harry Lloyd /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
And Sweetrobin is just hilarious. That kid is a shit-stirrer to the nth degree, almost as bad as Littlefinger and Jaime.
PS Peter Dinklage as Tyrion should just win everything. I could watch a whole season of him just bitching people out and being funny. Glorious!!
641	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-24	and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Me, when I'm playing Demon's Souls as a melee character. It's the best shield to use until you find the tower shield.
642	Greywolf2375	2011-05-24	Who is to say the Others wouldn't do the same?  Personally, I believe the Others aren't exactly military tacticians, and they simply rely on brute force and their abilities to create wights.  But there is no evidence to suggest that Others couldn't slip past the Wall in the same way the Wildlings do.  The only reason they haven't is because they seem to have been "sleeping" or just far into the North since the last time they were driven out of the Seven Kingdoms.Aemon I believe is the one that describes that there are spells in the Wall that don't allow the Others to pass.  To the Wildlings it is a regular wall; to the Others it is supernatural (as long as Ser Scott will let me use that term)
643	Talleyrand	2011-05-24	I actually felt pretty sorry for Viserys at the end there, Lloyd did a great job. Also not too sure about the Bronn fight, it just didn't seem that great, didn't get the feeling Vardis had any skill at all, he was flaining around
644	smegma	2011-05-24	Aemon I believe is the one that describes that there are spells in the Wall that don't allow the Others to pass.  To the Wildlings it is a regular wall; to the Others it is supernatural (as long as Ser Scott will let me use that term)Correct - there's magic that I think maybe Bran the Builder had woven into the Wall that prevents the Others from scaling it, but it does not apply to the Wildlings.
645	legba11	2011-05-24	I'm very happy fans don't make shows (and movies).  The final scene would involve 2 hours of people watching the pot.  "Is it melted yet?"
And then this:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jLaCqrisEac
Except it would go on for days until he died of dehydration or infection.
646	Balefont	2011-05-24	My guess is that Ros is incorporating the role of Chataya, helping Tyrion with his secret route to visiting Shae in King's Landing via Littlefinger's brothel (Chataya's brothel in the book).Gods, but why?  Ros cannot be Chataya unless they are planning on changing that whole thing entirely.  And why change it?  Why alter it just so they can use more Ros?  Her constantly turning up in these episodes is completely taking me out of the story at this point.  Using her so much is unnessary to say the least.  I'm fine with the whores but I've had enough of this one.  I actually fast forward through all her scenes now when I re-watch.
647	Balefont	2011-05-24	I actually felt pretty sorry for Viserys at the end there, Lloyd did a great job. Also not too sure about the Bronn fight, it just didn't seem that great, didn't get the feeling Vardis had any skill at all, he was flaining aroundSer Vardis was supposed to look like he was flailing about because of his armor.  In the books he was actually wearing Lord John Aryn's armor which made him even more awkward.  The point of the fight is that Bronn is able to wear down Ser Vardis and to find chinks in Ser Vardis' armor.
648	Cyclone49	2011-05-24	I loved this weeks episode, definitely the best yet. The last couple were slightly hit and miss, but they're really getting into the swing of things now. Favourite parts were the duel between Bronn and Vardis (Bronn is nothing like I imagined, but I'm really growing to like how they've portrayed the character) and the wildling attack, but it was all great, really. 
Despite knowing it was coming, I couldn't help getting chills during the lead-up to Viserys death. Harry Lloyd did a great job with the character, creating someone that was horrible, pathetic and yet strangely sympathetic as well, and somehow you actually really feel for the poor nutcase when he's finally killed. I thought Ned sentencing Gregor to death and summoning Tywin to King's Landing felt a lot more memorable and powerful than it was in the book, mostly thanks to Sean Bean's performance. Would have been good if they actually showed a little bit of Gregor and co's attack on the village, though - it would have avoided the need for Littlefinger and Pycelle's slightly clumsy exposition in the later scene.
Oh, and Sansa and Joffrey's little romantic moment was a wonderful bit of misdirection, should make his betrayal of her and his reveal as a complete, utter monster a rather genuine shock.
					
					
							Edited by Cyclone49, 24 May 2011 - 08:40 AM.
649	Masha	2011-05-24	If you consider that Jon could have Targaryan blood and that he may be one of those that ride the dragons its important at least to consider L+R=J.I missed that scene too, but its only important for Jon's parentage revelation. We will find out more in ADWD but if there are no significant progress on this storyline other than some Red Herrings (ex. Wylla is no longer a wet nurse at Starfall but a Fisherman daughter, etc), and GRRM would leave Targ revelations for the last 2 if not only in final book, I doubt the writers plan to put this info in. Consider the following:1) The only way the series will faithfully follow the series, If GRRM spends NO MORE than 2 years for each of the last books! If he takes at least 1 year more for any of the two, I am absolutely sure that the series will end BEFORE the final book is out. 2) Its not as expensive as Rome, but still one of the most expensive HBO shows around, if 2nd season doesn't go True Blood way and substantially increases the ratings, it might not get renewed again. And if it does, HBO might go regular way - renew 1 season at a time, so each season beyond 2 is not guaranteed.3) If GRRM will leave the BIG reveal about Jon (if there is any - he might just leave it hanging, its his writer's prerogative) for the final book, I doubt that writers will incorporate any big hints about L+R=J till seasons 4 & 5 are assured. Otherwise, its going to be just another thread left hanging they somehow have to leave, if series finished prematurely. This is my personal opinion. We'll see in ep 8 & 9, but if by the time Ned dies there are no flashbacks on ToJ there won't be any at all till S4 at least!
650	Greywolf2375	2011-05-24	Gods, but why?  Ros cannot be Chataya unless they are planning on changing that whole thing entirely.  And why change it?  Why alter it just so they can use more Ros?  Her constantly turning up in these episodes is completely taking me out of the story at this point.  Using her so much is unnessary to say the least.  I'm fine with the whores but I've had enough of this one.  I actually fast forward through all her scenes now when I re-watch.Agreed - I am hoping that the riding off in the turnip cart was Ros's exit stage left.Course the question you asked is perfect - why make a change like that?  Similar to many of the theories about the books - sure something could be if you manipulate details, but why?  If it is to condense characters for screen time, budget, etc - fine, I may not agree with it, but I'll understand.  Change just for change's sake is what drives me nuts.
651	ser_nerdick	2011-05-24	1) The only way the series will faithfully follow the series, If GRRM spends NO MORE than 2 years for each of the last books! If he takes at least 1 year more for any of the two, I am absolutely sure that the series will end BEFORE the final book is out. At first I thought you were just talking about the books. Often I'm worried that the book series will end before the final book is out as well.   /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> I really enjoyed this episode. I thought it went along a good pace, and didn't suffer from any long superfluous dialogue scenes. The Tyrion trial was awesome, and I was pleasantly surprised how well they adapted the golden crown part.
652	spikebrennan	2011-05-24	... when Ser Vardas made it out the Moon Door (big improvement btw having the door in the floor)...I have some concerns about that change.  If the door is in the floor, and is opened by operating a large, cumbersome mechanism that is located in a different part of the room (and that apparently needs two people to operate it), how are they going to manage 
	Spoiler Lysa's death
 in a later season?
653	WhiteHaven	2011-05-24	Agreed - I am hoping that the riding off in the turnip cart was Ros's exit stage left.Course the question you asked is perfect - why make a change like that? Maybe someone thinks that she is hawt?
654	Blue Steel	2011-05-24	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...The Bronn fight was perfect.  That's how they fight in Westeros and most likely, how knights fought in the real world.  You probably watch too many movies where the fights are unrealistic.  Longswords and hand and half swords are not made for finese swordplay. GRRM even desribed the Westeros fencing style as banging on each other with swords until one dies.  Maybe you should reread the book.And molten metal hardens really fast.  It can even harden before you are done pouring.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 24 May 2011 - 09:44 AM.
655	Addam	2011-05-24	Ser Vardis was supposed to look like he was flailing about because of his armor.  In the books he was actually wearing Lord John Aryn's armor which made him even more awkward.  The point of the fight is that Bronn is able to wear down Ser Vardis and to find chinks in Ser Vardis' armor.I don't believe he was wearing Arryn's armour, but just using his sword, which Catelyn thinks would be less comfortable than his own familiar weapon.I thought this episode was fantastic, though not quite as good as the amazing episode 5. I did miss the direwolves, I'm not going to whine about their absence, just noting I did miss then.
656	kungtotte	2011-05-24	1) The only way the series will faithfully follow the series, If GRRM spends NO MORE than 2 years for each of the last books! If he takes at least 1 year more for any of the two, I am absolutely sure that the series will end BEFORE the final book is out.There are four more years/seasons worth of books released right now, but releasing a book buys another year. So realistically he has five years to write two books, if his writing-pace is to match the pace of the TV show (and assuming the TV-show has the ratings to continue a full run).I have some concerns about that change.  If the door is in the floor, and is opened by operating a large, cumbersome mechanism that is located in a different part of the room (and that apparently needs two people to operate it), how are they going to manage 
	Spoiler Lysa's death
 in a later season?Easy,
	Spoiler Have the Moon Door already be open when Sansa enters the room, or have Marillion operate it (assuming one person can do it)
657	Aoife	2011-05-24	Agreed - I am hoping that the riding off in the turnip cart was Ros's exit stage left.Spoiler about Ros. 
	Spoiler It is not. She is at least in Ep 07.
658	The Human Abstract	2011-05-24	This was my favorite episode thus far, and I'm loving the series.  I'm not a big fan of "trial by combat", as it's such a silly idea.  But the scene was actually pretty well done and added some action to a series that starts out heavily political.
I do wish they found some way to make things more "epic": the hunting scene, the Dothraki scenes, etc.  Raise the budget a tad.  Hell, use more CGI.  I don't care.
659	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-24	Have you read the books? It is very possible for small bands of Wildlings to get over or around the Wall. Jon says as much when he is climbing over the wall in SoS:  Who is to say the Others wouldn't do the same?  Personally, I believe the Others aren't exactly military tacticians, and they simply rely on brute force and their abilities to create wights.  But there is no evidence to suggest that Others couldn't slip past the Wall in the same way the Wildlings do.  The only reason they haven't is because they seem to have been "sleeping" or just far into the North since the last time they were driven out of the Seven Kingdoms.I disagree with your conclusion here. In fact, all evidence suggests that there's something magical about the Wall that bars entry to the likes of the Others and their minions, or any kind of wild northern/old god magic.1. The wights in AGOT only get into Castle Black because they are brought in. There's no army of wights at the door.2. When Jon and Ghost are on different sides of the Wall, Jon feels no connection to Ghost.3. Coldhands has to send Samwell to the other side of the Wall to get Bran's party through, as the weirwood gate only opens for a black brother who speaks the words.This kind of thing would not be unique to the Wall, as we see in the instance of Davos' chapter where he rows Melisandre underneath of Storm's End. She comments that an old place has old spells that prevent magic from getting inside. She has to be within its walls to unleash the shadow baby.
660	kungtotte	2011-05-24	We have been explicitly told in the books that there is magic in the wall that stops the Others from crossing it. It is known.
661	The Human Abstract	2011-05-24	We have been explicitly told in the books that there is magic in the wall that stops the Others from crossing it. It is known.Yup.  Coldhands can't cross either, correct?
662	Carldog	2011-05-24	It is know.
663	Vuron	2011-05-24	When Arya is fleeing with Hot Pie and Gendry (from Lorch's men or Bloody Mummers, I think, don't remember exactly), she has a "dream" of leading a wolfpack and killing a group of soldiers or militants.  This is CLEARLY Nymeria saving Arya's life by killing her pursuers.  So we do sort of see Nymeria and she definitely has an impact on the story.It is Nymeria, but we don't have to SEE her in a 3rd person POV.  We see the wolf dream through her eyes, but never need to see Nymeria, specifically.
664	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-24	Clearly one of the best episodes so far, IMO.Cool:Arya and Syrio: Great performance by Maisie. It really looked like she was about to burst into tears. Looking forward to Syrio's fight with the Lannister guards (I hope they shot this part).Tyrion confesses his 'crimes': I really hoped they would do the book justice here, and they did. Tyrion even said some things which he didn't say in the book (he mentioned at least three metaphors for masturbation).Bronn vs knight duel: The most entertaining swordfight so far in the series. I thought the end of the fight (Bronn throwing the knight out the moon door) was even more spectacular than in the book.Bran and the wildlings: I didn't really miss the direwolves here. In fact, I'd forgotten all about them. The actress who played the female wildling (I think her name was Osha) was really good. She looked half-crazy and yet there was something attractive about her.Robert hits Cersei: Better late than never... Funny line by Robert ("Wear it in silence, or I'll honor you again"), I think it was verbatim from the book.Viserys gets his golden 'crown': Nice scene. You sensed that something bad was gonna happen, and Viserys' death looked painful enough.Not so cool:Robert in the forest (boar hunting): This scene seemed superfluous to me. The king was apparently walking in the woods with only Ser Barristan as a guard (not a major issue, it just seemed a bit odd, because it wouldn't have cost them much to add a few guards in the background). Perhaps the writer wanted to show us that Robert was drinking a lot (not necessary), or perhaps she wanted to emphasize the the conflict between Robert and Renly?
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 25 May 2011 - 05:20 AM.
							
								remove a spoiler for episode 7
665	Cereal Forel	2011-05-24	eta:  Osha is all wrong to me.  Shouldn't she be an older, sinewy, tougher woman?  This one looks like after a bath she'd actually be attractive.Considering that the majority of characters in this series get a nude scene at one point or another, and that GRRM has a tendency to make a lot of his characters overweight / freakishly huge / ugly, I'm all for casting people that are more attractive. Hell I'd even be ok with a semi-attractive Brienne, as long as she isn't some petite supermodel type.
666	herkles	2011-05-24	slight notice, but ghost is in episode 7 not episode 6. 
However I do agree with all that you mentioned. I honestly think this is one of the best episodes so far.
667	Abaddon	2011-05-24	Come on, dude. At the temp gold melts your brain would be cooked fairly quickly.The "smoke point" of cooking oil is what, 400 to 450 degrees F?The melting point of gold is 1064.18 degrees C, or 1947.52 degrees F. You're comparing apples to oranges.Definitely comparing apples to oranges; and in addition, "boiling oil and water" means "oil in boiling water" which is much cooler than boiling oil (212 degrees at one atmosphere).  Boiling oil is very dangerous and boiling does indeed happen around the smoke point.  If you were to throw that on someone it would be far deadlier than throwing boiling water on them (not that the latter would be pleasant, mind you...).Realistically with melting gold, there probably should have been some fire along with the smoke, but I think the effect was very well done and way outperformed my expectations.Okay, I'm starting to gross myself out now.
668	Abaddon	2011-05-24	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Also since when in the name of hell was the Eerie, the Hawkmens City from Flash Gordon. There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.Yes the molten gold on the head was wierd, how exactly did it harden that fast from melted...Pretty sure if you poured melted gold on someones head, they would a) thrash like mad sending droplets everywhere and b)most of it would run off before the gold set...If you're going to whine like this you should at least spell Eyrie properly.
669	Vuron	2011-05-24	Considering that the majority of characters in this series get a nude scene at one point or another, and that GRRM has a tendency to make a lot of his characters overweight / freakishly huge / ugly, I'm all for casting people that are more attractive. Hell I'd even be ok with a semi-attractive Brienne, as long as she isn't some petite supermodel type.I am not looking forward to an Osha/Hodor sex scene.
670	aeu	2011-05-24	Why alter it just so they can use more Ros?  Because Ros is awesome. She really is!Ser Vardis was supposed to look like he was flailing about because of his armor.  In the books he was actually wearing Lord John Aryn's armor which made him even more awkward.  The point of the fight is that Bronn is able to wear down Ser Vardis and to find chinks in Ser Vardis' armor.All true, but Ser Vardis was old in the books, so he tired out after a while in his awkward armor. In the TV show he mostly comes off as a clumsy fighter, but it cannot be helped I guess. It will be hard to fill in all the background.Like almost everyone, I love what they have done with Viserys. One of the rare cases where the TV version of a character is much superior to the book version. On the other end of the spectrum, Sansa...just ugh.
671	Aganerral	2011-05-24	Spoiler about Ros. 
	Spoiler It is not. She is at least in Ep 07.
Maybe she ends up a camp follower for the Lannister army, and Tyrion passes her up to choose Shae?  Would boost Shae's introduction, since Ros has become a minor celebrity of a prostitute, so Tyrion picking Shae over Ros would make Shae seem more important.  Yes, completely unfounded speculation, I know /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
672	Samalander	2011-05-24	All true, but Ser Vardis was old in the books, so he tired out after a while in his awkward armor. In the TV show he mostly comes off as a clumsy fighter, but it cannot be helped I guess. It will be hard to fill in all the background.Why couldn't it be helped? There are no older actors out there?
673	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	Ser Vardis was supposed to look like he was flailing about because of his armor.  In the books he was actually wearing Lord John Aryn's armor which made him even more awkward.  The point of the fight is that Bronn is able to wear down Ser Vardis and to find chinks in Ser Vardis' armor.Are you sure?  I am pretty sure he uses an unfamiliar sword (Lord Jon Arryn's) but his own armor.  Not all that easy to wear another man's plate mail.  Unless you have a breastplate stretcher.
674	Balefont	2011-05-24	Because Ros is awesome. She really is!No.  No she's not.  She's distracting.Maybe she ends up a camp follower for the Lannister army, and Tyrion passes her up to choose Shae?  Would boost Shae's introduction, since Ros has become a minor celebrity of a prostitute, so Tyrion picking Shae over Ros would make Shae seem more important.  Yes, completely unfounded speculation, I know /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
	Spoiler Ros ends up in KL in ep 7.
675	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	I'd rather have Ros than the uproar over the only Summer Islander with speaking parts being a whore.  Can't have Chataya or Alayaya without Jalabhar Xho, and they've decided not to.
676	Balefont	2011-05-24	Are you sure?  I am pretty sure he uses an unfamiliar sword (Lord Jon Arryn's) but his own armor.  Not all that easy to wear another man's plate mail.  Unless you have a breastplate stretcher.hahaha,Yeah, you guys are right.Regardless, I think he was to apepar clumsier than Bronn due to him being in full plate armor vs. Bronn being in leathers.
677	Balefont	2011-05-24	I'd rather have Ros than the uproar over the only Summer Islander with speaking parts being a whore.  Can't have Chataya or Alayaya without Jalabhar Xho, and they've decided not to.But they have to have a Chataya because she has to have her own establishment and there's no way Ros is going to be owning a whorehouse by season 2. ETA: And would that uproar be justified?  It makes sense that the majority of diversity we'd see in a city like KL would be found in a whorehouse.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 24 May 2011 - 12:16 PM.
678	Cereal Forel	2011-05-24	I am not looking forward to an Osha/Hodor sex scene.The dialog for that scene would be hilarious /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Hodor needs some lovin' too.
679	bens	2011-05-24	But they have to have a Chataya because she has to have her own establishment and there's no way Ros is going to be owning a whorehouse by season 2. ETA: And would that uproar be justified?  It makes sense that the majority of diversity we'd see in a city like KL would be found in a whorehouse.No, the uproar probably would not be justified. That means squat in terms of HBO's desire to avoid said uproar.However, I'm pretty sure we already saw Chataya and Alayaya in the scene where Littlefinger hides Cat in the brothel. At least, there were two dark-skinned women, one clearly older, in the background, as I remember. (I definitely thought they were Chataya and Alayaya at the time, anyway.)
680	Balefont	2011-05-24	No, the uproar probably would not be justified. That means squat in terms of HBO's desire to avoid said uproar.However, I'm pretty sure we already saw Chataya and Alayaya in the scene where Littlefinger hides Cat in the brothel. At least, there were two dark-skinned women, one clearly older, in the background, as I remember. (I definitely thought they were Chataya and Alayaya at the time, anyway.)mmm, I don't think it's very plausible that Chataya and Alayaya were working for Littlefinger in the first book and then Chataya had her own establishment in book 2.  I think the Chataya's is completely separate from anything Littlefinger related especially becuase of the discretion needed by Tyrion.  Plus, Tyrion is hooked up with Chataya's via Varys is he not?
681	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	there's no way Ros is going to be owning a whorehouse by season 2.Why not?  They've already indicated that she has generous friends.  Tyrion's gold may well be enough to put her over the top.  That would explain why she leaves Winterfell.  Winter is coming and she's got fat pockets of cash.
682	The Human Abstract	2011-05-24	Regardless, I think he was to apepar clumsier than Bronn due to him being in full plate armor vs. Bronn being in leathers.Maybe we should give some credit to Bronn for simply being awesome.
683	King_Baratheon	2011-05-24	Why is Roz going to KL?
	Spoiler  I think they're setting her up to be Tyrion's whore instead of Shae 
I also specifically remember them casting the part of Shae...Maybe they made a change and didn't really tell anyone about it?? If not they really are playing Roz up for some unknown reason...
684	WhiteHaven	2011-05-24	Eh quick question. Some guys mentioned they alread forgot about the direwolves and that they may be not that important after all.
As far as I remember (shit my last re-read was in 2008/2009) the direwolves are supposed to be the incarnation of the old gods?
And who else is going to fight the Others if not the Old Gods?
Edit: I hate Sansa, I swear it by the Mother!
					
					
							Edited by WhiteHaven, 24 May 2011 - 01:04 PM.
685	Knight Of The North	2011-05-24	Maybe we should give some credit to Bronn for simply being awesome.I have seen a great many TV shows. But NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING, was so intune with my view on Hollywood Sword-fighting, so anti-cliche but at the same time troperific, so beautifully said and so in-character as the line:"He did."Bronn. You may have 
	Spoiler betrayed dear Tyrion
 but you will always be my favourite character in this series.
686	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	Maybe we should give some credit to Bronn for simply being awesome.This should probably be my signature.  Or someone else's.  Or EVERYONE else's.
687	Kalbear	2011-05-24	No. No she's not. She's distracting.You'll be sad to know that GRRM likes her a ton (the actress) and wants her in more, and is going to try and write her into the books at some point.Yes, it's horrible.
688	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	My opinion is that Bronn could beat anyone one on one.
689	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	I think Sansa in this episode, really came off as the family sellout that the books portrayed her to be. I can't wait to see them marry her off to Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 24 May 2011 - 01:23 PM.
690	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	Dany seemed more like a betrayer to Dragons, when she let Viserys be killed. I know he threatened her, but she should have also felt like the Dothraki were cheating her brother.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 24 May 2011 - 01:21 PM.
691	MindLikeWarp	2011-05-24	Arya is by far the best actor and best character in the TV series.
692	Manakhkubar	2011-05-24	Arya is by far the best actor and best character in the TV series.I'd disagree. Her mimic and gestical acting is absolutely fantastic, but her dialog delivery was rather weak. Still good for a child actress. The actor playing Joffrey on the other hand does an absolutely fantastic job!
693	Greywolf2375	2011-05-24	I have some concerns about that change.  If the door is in the floor, and is opened by operating a large, cumbersome mechanism that is located in a different part of the room (and that apparently needs two people to operate it), how are they going to manage 
	Spoiler Lysa's death
 in a later season?Could change the location - have it in one of the sky cells instead.
694	smegma	2011-05-24	I think Ros is a character that allows for exposition to occur, without it occurring with numerous nameless extras. For the non-book reader, it keeps them from having to learn new faces over and over again. It makes sense. As I've stated in other threads, I don't mind the character at all but the actresses' voice and facial expressions annoy the shit outta me. I can't stand how she talks. She's the only actor that I don't love, but it has nothing to do with the addition of a non-book character.
695	Cereal Forel	2011-05-24	Eh quick question. Some guys mentioned they alread forgot about the direwolves and that they may be not that important after all.As far as I remember (shit my last re-read was in 2008/2009) the direwolves are supposed to be the incarnation of the old gods?And who else is going to fight the Others if not the Old Gods?Uh, no, they're just wolves.
696	Spanky	2011-05-24	My opinion is that Bronn could beat anyone one on one.Except for the Hound, of course.  ~_^
697	TrueMetis	2011-05-24	The Bronn fight was god awful, the Knight was just flailing around, Bronn barely did anything until he exploited the crappy design of the Knights armour, which like 90% of the armour in this series is just crap and what kind of tit uses a kite shield like that on foot.Many, because foot soldiers did use the kite shield. It helped protect their legs.There is nothing below the Moon's Door, so what the hell is the throne room resting on.This should be pretty obvious. Especially when Tyrion and Bronn leave.
698	ser_nerdick	2011-05-24	You'll be sad to know that GRRM likes her a ton (the actress) and wants her in more, and is going to try and write her into the books at some point.Yes, it's horrible.Noooooo! I was really, really hoping that GRRM would keep the books cordoned off in his head and resist the temptation of having the tv series influence his future plot ideas.   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
699	ser_nerdick	2011-05-24	I do wish they found some way to make things more "epic": the hunting scene, the Dothraki scenes, etc.  Raise the budget a tad.  Hell, use more CGI.  I don't care.I liked this episode, and especially thought that the Dothraki heart eating and golden crown scene worked well, but I'm inclined to agree about the lack of epicness. They better have some serious CGI ready for the ship battle towards the end of season two.
700	Cereal Forel	2011-05-24	Who says Roz showing up in the books would have anything to do with the plot? Maybe she'll be a whore Arya meets in Braavos :shrug:
701	The Human Abstract	2011-05-24	Do we hate Roz because we genuinely hate the character or because she is a deviation from canon?
702	Spanky	2011-05-24	I like Roz.  >_>
703	ser_nerdick	2011-05-24	Who says Roz showing up in the books would have anything to do with the plot? Maybe she'll be a whore Arya meets in Braavos :shrug:And it also could mean that Roz will ride one of Dany's dragons and become queen whore of the seven kingdoms. :shrug:The goblet is half empty dammit!
704	DurararaFTW	2011-05-24	Do we hate Roz because we genuinely hate the character or because she is a deviation from canon?It's worse because we know what we are missing, but I'd say even if we hadn't read the books, there are other more interesting characters whose character arc we'd rather see unfold rather then Roz.
705	Abaddon	2011-05-24	I don't hate Ros, but I think we're seeing far too much of her in both senses of the word /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.
706	The Human Abstract	2011-05-24	If I'm being truthful, many of my favorite parts of the series so far is when characters interact that we do not see in the books.  Because it's something I haven't already experienced numerous times.
707	Balefont	2011-05-24	You'll be sad to know that GRRM likes her a ton (the actress) and wants her in more, and is going to try and write her into the books at some point.Yes, it's horrible.I'll black out her pages then.  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
708	Balefont	2011-05-24	Do we hate Roz because we genuinely hate the character or because she is a deviation from canon?I don't hate Roz and I don't mind the fact that there are changes from the books.  That said, I do mind a made up character getting so much screen time for a made up character.
709	Balefont	2011-05-24	And it also could mean that Roz will ride one of Dany's dragons and become queen whore of the seven kingdoms. :shrug:The goblet is half empty dammit!If that happens I will burn all my ASoIaF books.  I will tell people to never read them.  I will have my account deleted from this Board never to return.Of this, I swear.
710	malek	2011-05-24	Best episode up to date for me.Had so many little scenes I loved so much:Bronn coming forward to announce - "I will fight for the imp" had me laughing out like a mad man  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> Duel was excellent, as were Tyrion confessing his crimes, and tossing gold to Mord.I absolutely loved how they kept "I will wear it as a badge of honor" too.Finally Barrick appeared and it is another huge plus for me.Scene with wildlings in the Winterfell was awesome, despite missing direwolves. Remember another time Theon tried to look smart with the bow, and how it finished ? It gives so much more purpose to event mentioned above.Viserys finally getting his crown was another brilliant moment.  ...Piece of advice to dose hating the show:Don't look at series as they were supposed to mirror everything that happened in the books. It is excellent show based on the best books ever, and things will get changed - it means nothing as we still have books as the best thing man ever wrote, filmed, or programed.Taking this approach made world of difference to me, and I'm enjoying the series soooo much more now, instead sitting there and bitching about every little thing that got changed  /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />I also specifically remember them casting the part of Shae...Maybe they made a change and didn't really tell anyone about it?? If not they really are playing Roz up for some unknown reason..If I remember right, they hired some ex-porn actress for the role of Shae  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
					
					
							Edited by malek, 24 May 2011 - 04:00 PM.
711	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	My opinion is that Bronn could beat anyone one on one.Could, sure.  On any Sunday... But he'd more likely lose if he faced the Mountain.  He surely thought so.  Or he'd have let Tyrion outbid Cersei.
712	malek	2011-05-24	Could, sure.  On any Sunday... But he'd more likely lose if he faced the Mountain.  He surely thought so.  Or he'd have let Tyrion outbid Cersei.
	Spoiler Problem is that Tyrion couldn't outbid Cersei. He offered just empty promises, and nothing more.Bronn laid out plan how to beat Gregor, quite the same one as one Oberyn used, and seemed to liked his chances against Mountain.If Bronn won, he would probably get stripped of everything Cersei ensured him, and would have to "flee" with Tyrion.
713	stormystormborn	2011-05-24	This is my first post here, but I've been doing a lot of reading.
I noticed there was a mention or two of Roz on this thread.
During the red wedding, Robb's bride was named Rosalyn, supposedly a pretty daughter of Lord Walder.  Would LW actually marry his daughter to a man he was about to do that to?  Could this woman be "Roz?"  Or am I way, way off?
714	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-24	Because Ros is awesome. She really is!All true, but Ser Vardis was old in the books, so he tired out after a while in his awkward armor. In the TV show he mostly comes off as a clumsy fighter, but it cannot be helped I guess. It will be hard to fill in all the background.Like almost everyone, I love what they have done with Viserys. One of the rare cases where the TV version of a character is much superior to the book version. On the other end of the spectrum, Sansa...just ugh.I think he comes off as a clumsy fighter because Bronn makes the fight clumsy. A knight is used to standing toe to toe with his opponent honorably. Bronn forces him out of his comfort zone, making him fight on stairs and in between narrow pillows that don't allow him to swing his sword as he is used to. I like how the scene came off in that regard.
715	Aoife	2011-05-24	This is my first post here, but I've been doing a lot of reading.I noticed there was a mention or two of Roz on this thread.During the red wedding, Robb's bride was named Rosalyn, supposedly a pretty daughter of Lord Walder.  Would LW actually marry his daughter to a man he was about to do that to?  Could this woman be "Roz?"  Or am I way, way off?Way off. Well, a bit off. She was Edmure's bride, not Robb's. Also, LW's daughter (granddaughter?) Roslin is very definitely not the Ros from the show, whom we meet as a whore in Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 24 May 2011 - 05:06 PM.
716	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-24	Have you read the books? It is very possible for small bands of Wildlings to get over or around the Wall. Jon says as much when he is climbing over the wall in SoSOf course I've read the books. My username derives from the end of CoK... But it's been a while since the last re-read, and now I'm only about a quarter of the way through that particular tome again. Thanks for the quote and clearing that up for me. I also forgot about the magic Brandon the Builder infused into the Wall.
717	aimlessgun	2011-05-24	Could change the location - have it in one of the sky cells instead.
	Spoiler Alternately Sansa could walk in and the door would already be open. It would lose something of the door flying open and snow blowing into the room though.

					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 24 May 2011 - 05:13 PM.
718	vgz	2011-05-24	Dany seemed more like a betrayer to Dragons, when she let Viserys be killed. I know he threatened her, but she should have also felt like the Dothraki were cheating her brother.I really have to disagree.  Her brother was such a coward, bully and really evil/crazy.  He deserved what he got and should have gotten more!  He always bullied Dany, and if I remember, whenever he said that Dany did not want to wake the dragon I am assuming if she did he beat her.
719	EdenShade	2011-05-24	Best line of the episode:  Arya saying "Seven hells!"
720	aeu	2011-05-24	You'll be sad to know that GRRM likes her a ton (the actress) and wants her in more, and is going to try and write her into the books at some point. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
721	Bronn Stone	2011-05-24	Spoiler Problem is that Tyrion couldn't outbid Cersei. He offered just empty promises, and nothing more.Bronn laid out plan how to beat Gregor, quite the same one as one Oberyn used, and seemed to liked his chances against Mountain.If Bronn won, he would probably get stripped of everything Cersei ensured him, and would have to "flee" with Tyrion.
These are book spoiler threads.  You don't need to spoiler your comments if they are from the four published novels.  Tyrion could not outbid Cersei in the short-term but his gratitude is worth more in the long term.  Tyrion was way more motivated.  Cersei isn't going to spend every cent she has.  Tyrion would.  She has more but he cares more.  Bronn doesn't decide just on the basis of who can pay the most.  He decides the risks of fighting Ser Gregor are too high compared and the reward for NOT doing so sufficient to placate him.  Even though he knows full well that Cersei's offer is a one-timer whereas Tyrion could be a patron for life.<U+0093>Does he frighten you so much? <U+0093> asked Tyrion, hoping to provoke him.   <U+0093>if he didn<U+0092>t frighten me, I<U+0092>d be a bloody fool.<U+0094> Bronn gave a shrug. <U+0093>Might be I could take him. Dance around him until he was so tired of hacking at me that he couldn<U+0092>t lift his sword. Get him off his feet somehow. When they<U+0092>re flat on their backs it don<U+0092>t matter how tall they are. Even so, it<U+0092>s chancy. One misstep and I<U+0092>m dead. Why should I risk it? I like you well enough, ugly little whoreson that you are<U+0085> but if I fight your battle, I lose either way. Either the Mountain spills my guts, or I kill him and lose Stokeworth. I sell my sword, I don<U+0092>t give it away. I<U+0092>m not your bloody brother.<U+0094>He thought he had a chance.  This is a LONG way from MLW's earlier comment that Bronn could beat anyone one-on-one.  Even here, the normally boastful Bronn is damned serious.  He sounds FAR from convinced his little plan will work and while he isn't thrilled by Lollys, she's a lot more tempting than rolling the dice with Ser Gregor.  The plan gives him a shot but far from a certain one.
722	Snow White	2011-05-24	I don't hate Roz and I don't mind the fact that there are changes from the books.  That said, I do mind a made up character getting so much screen time for a made up character.Hrm? Made up character? As opposed to...?
723	NW Deserter	2011-05-24	So I FINALLY got to watch episode 6...and wow, wow, wow, WOW!!!! Best by farrrrr. So many "omg awesome!" moments! In no order...
-Bronn vs. Vardis was executed to perfection, even better than how I pictured the book version's fight.
-Nice Joffrey was a really good scene, especially knowing what we know as book readers.
-Best performance yet from Dinklage, he showed off a lot more of his acting ability and the phony accent has finally been toned down a bit. I was chuckling with the rest of the Eyrie's court at his confessions.
-Didn't even notice the absence of the wolves in the forest scene. Osha was well-cast.
-I like that they're making Ros a more important character than we thought she'd be, it gives those of us familiar with the story already a chance to follow a new character.
-Sean Bean dispensing justice was very well done. Good casting with Beric, also.
-Horse heart came outta nowhere, I got a bit queasy at the suddenness of it - which is entirely appropriate and a job well done on the part of the editors!
-More awesome Sansa/Arya dynamic, they're good at playing sisters.
-Ned's revelation was perfect. Sean Bean is an amazing actor.
-And finally...the scene I have been waiting to see since the pilot...could not have been any better. I got intense chills at the closing line "Fire cannot kill a dragon" even more than when I read that chapter. I also like that they managed to make it almost a sad scene with the buildup from earlier in the episode, like when Viserys first realizes that the Dothraki really love his sister. Gonna miss Harry Lloyd, dude nailed his character.
Ahhh wow! Still can't get over how good this episode was. I already gave the last episode a 10/10 in my head so I gotta break the scale with a 12/10 for this one. Almost kinda glad I don't have access to HBO GO so I don't have to wait a full two weeks after episode 7!  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 24 May 2011 - 07:49 PM.
724	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	[media]http://www.youtube.c...h?v=x4_6Nqgzskw[/media]
Next week's ep looks especially awesome, especially Tyrion, Robb and of course Viserys.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 May 2011 - 06:12 AM.
725	Rand	2011-05-16	Are they showing two episodes next week?
726	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	Are they showing two episodes next week?Immediately following the showing of #6, #7 will become available only on HBO GO.
727	Addam	2011-05-16	Sorry... what is HBO go?
728	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	Sorry... what is HBO go?Check out their website.  Its a new service HBO is offering its tv subscribers.  If your cable/satellite provider is signed up yet (check with them) you simply fill in your username and password (the one on file with your provider) and you can watch any show, movie, episode, documentary etc etc that HBO has created.  Its very cool--I watch on my laptop, but I understand you can also get it via I-phones and other devices.  I've watched all the GoT episodes these past weeks about a thousand times.  And in between those viewings, I watch 'Rome' all over again.  Its a marvel.
729	Spionkop	2011-05-16	What's dany doing with that egg?
730	Zezibesh	2011-05-16	What's dany doing with that egg?Probably trying to hatch it with her mind.
731	Gildenlow	2011-05-16	Whenever I try to use HBO Go it just redirects me to Xfinity, which I can watch Game of Thrones on. Will 7 be up on there early too? /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
732	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	Whenever I try to use HBO Go it just redirects me to Xfinity, which I can watch Game of Thrones on. Will 7 be up on there early too? /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I've never even heard of Xfinity, sorry.   Hopefully, somebody here who's more tech-savvy than I will know what this means.  Anybody?  Seems really curious that HBO would direct you to another site.  Weird.  Seriously, if I were you, I'd call your cable/satellite provider and ask if they're offering HBO GO yet.
733	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	What's dany doing with that egg?Doesn't she try hatching it in a brazier or campfire or whatever (which doesn't work, not hot enough..)  Also, am I seeing blood or chocolate or whatever all over her face at the end, or is she just in shadows, or what?
734	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	Doesn't she try hatching it in a brazier or campfire or whatever (which doesn't work, not hot enough..)  Also, am I seeing blood or chocolate or whatever all over her face at the end, or is she just in shadows, or what?She ate the horse's heart.
735	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-16	she eats a horse heart, must be messy.
736	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-16	opps, double post.
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 16 May 2011 - 04:23 PM.
737	Gildenlow	2011-05-16	I've never even heard of Xfinity, sorry.   Hopefully, somebody here who's more tech-savvy than I will know what this means.  Anybody?  Seems really curious that HBO would direct you to another site.  Weird.  Seriously, if I were you, I'd call your cable/satellite provider and ask if they're offering HBO GO yet.Xfinity is Comcast's website, since Comcast is my provider for HBO whenever I try to use HBO Go it links me to Xfinity instead.
738	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	Xfinity is Comcast's website, since Comcast is my provider for HBO whenever I try to use HBO Go it links me to Xfinity instead.I see.  So, do you think that means you guys with Comcast will be able to see Ep. #7 next Sunday at the Xfinity site?  Seems probable.
739	Kalbear	2011-05-16	HBOGo and xfinity have already partnered up. If you have a comcast account you can log in to HBO Go.
740	Kalbear	2011-05-16	It is very unlikely that a torrent would be up from the HBOGo site, at least not a particularly high-quality one.
741	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-16	However, back on topic... I am very excited about the Bronn duel, is it going to be in ep 6? I suspect Bronn stepping forward could be the cliffhanger ending, or possibly just Tyrion asking for the trial by combat.
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 16 May 2011 - 08:18 PM.
742	Blue Steel	2011-05-16	Yea, Xfnity has been working with HBOGo for the past week at least.
Anyways, shouldn't the Tower of Joy be in this episode?
743	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	Yea, Xfnity has been working with HBOGo for the past week at least.Anyways, shouldn't the Tower of Joy be in this episode?It would be if it's in the show at all, which I doubt.
744	Blue Steel	2011-05-16	It would be if it's in the show at all, which I doubt.I kind of doubt it as well, which is a shame since it's easily the best scene in the first book by far. Why would you adapt a book and leave out the best scene in the book?
745	hamiltox	2011-05-16	Thanks for the help. I will try to find out a way to downlaod the episode, and if i fail, just like HBO Brazil will have to suply my GOT hungry /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
746	Anomandaris86	2011-05-16	However, back on topic... I am very excited about the Bronn duel, is it going to be in ep 6? I suspect Bronn stepping forward could be the cliffhanger ending, or possibly just Tyrion asking for the trial by combat.I'm still standing by my assertion that Robert getting gored will be the cliffhanger.
747	Vuron	2011-05-16	Xfinity is Comcast's website, since Comcast is my provider for HBO whenever I try to use HBO Go it links me to Xfinity instead.I think it just wants you to log in.  HBO Go needs to verify your subscription and you need to log in to Xfinity to do it.  The same thing happened to me when I tried to use it the first time.  I logged into Xfinity and it redirected me back to HBOGO and I was able to watch episodes.Good luck.
748	Kalbear	2011-05-16	My suspicion is that Tyrion's fate will be the cliffhanger and we'll have his trial this ep and the fight next.
749	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	My suspicion is that Tyrion's fate will be the cliffhanger and we'll have his trial this ep and the fight next.Hmm now that I think of it, it doesn't show Bronn fighting in this preview but it showed it in that commercial that talked about watching episode 7 early.  That doesn't confirm the fight is in episode 7 but if it is then what good parts do we have to look forward to besides the crowning?  I can't think of any other awesome scenes from the book.
750	Snow White	2011-05-16	It is very unlikely that a torrent would be up from the HBOGo site, at least not a particularly high-quality one.That depends upon the quality of the source.
751	herkles	2011-05-16	what of the little attack by the deserters/wildinglings near winterfall? The scene when the deserters from the nights watch and some wilidnglings try to attack robb and bran, but theon saves them. I am not sure where it exactly falls off the top of my head though. That could be in the episode.
and there is also the scene with jon and sam taking their vows and ghost finding the dead hand, though not sure if that is going to be in this episode.
752	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	Jon won't be back until ep 7, I believe.
I really think Tyrion's trial by combat will be in this episode.
753	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	what of the little attack by the deserters/wildinglings near winterfall? The scene when the deserters from the nights watch and some wilidnglings try to attack robb and bran, but theon saves them. I am not sure where it exactly falls off the top of my head though. That could be in the episode.and there is also the scene with jon and sam taking their vows and ghost finding the dead hand, though not sure if that is going to be in this episode.I read somewhere that this episode will still have no Wall scenes.
754	herkles	2011-05-16	I see, I am hoping for maybe one scene with the nights watch, though I can see them moving what goes on there to a latter episode.
I am curious to see when the fight with Osha and the wildlings/night watch desters will be. do others suppose this episode or a latter one?
755	Not The Riddler	2011-05-17	I cant wait till Viserys gets his crown. I hope its so epic. My girlfriend will be like "WTF, nice, that little bitch deserves it"   hahahaha
756	Vuron	2011-05-17	Spoilersguide shows the following in this episode..
Reinstated as the Hand, Ned sits for the King while Robert is on a hunt, and issues a decree that could have long-term consequences throughout the Seven Kingdoms.
At the Eyrie, Tyrion confesses to his <U+0093>crimes,<U+0094> and demands that Lysa give him a trial by combat. 
Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) apologizes to Sansa; 
Viserys receives his final payment for Daenerys from Drogo (Jason Mamoa).
757	draciaveil	2011-05-17	There is what looks to be a scene from the wilding fight at :30 of the preview.
758	koifishkid	2011-05-17	I think it just wants you to log in.  HBO Go needs to verify your subscription and you need to log in to Xfinity to do it.  The same thing happened to me when I tried to use it the first time.  I logged into Xfinity and it redirected me back to HBOGO and I was able to watch episodes.Good luck.Same here. I have Comcast/Xfinity and once I verified through Xfinity's website I was able to watch content on HBO Go with no problem.
759	NW Deserter	2011-05-17	Mods, I apologize for what I was discussing in my deleted post (I got the hint! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />). Won't happen again.
Regarding the lack of NW scenes, I don't think anything really happens up there chronologically until after Vis gets crowned anyway. Even if it does, I'd be okay with them cutting the Wall out save for a training scene or added dialogue scene. This past episode was by far the best in terms of pacing because they chose to narrow their focus a bit.
760	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-17	Speaking of the trial by combat between Bronn and Ser Vardis...isn't that knight supposed to be much older?  Not that I am complaining, but that dude looks pretty badass.  Perhaps we will get to see Bronn using 2 swords in this fight.
On a side note, HBO-Go is one of my favorite apps.  Sign up via DirecTV took about 1 minute.  The streaming content for GoT is fantastic.
761	Ser Latecomer	2011-05-17	I kind of doubt it as well, which is a shame since it's easily the best scene in the first book by far. Why would you adapt a book and leave out the best scene in the book?The way I see it, this is the first of two chances they will have to show the Tower of Joy flashback, the other being when Ned hallucinates in the dungeons.  I really hope it makes it in some form, the entire scene reads like a movie script as it is with the dialogue going back and forth between Ned and the Kingsguard.Dayne pulling out Dawn and saying,"So now it begins."  And then Ned, sadly unsheathing his blade and calmly replying,"No, now it ends." With blue rose petals blowing in the background and Lyanna crying out in pain... this scene could really be epic.
762	Starchaser	2011-05-17	I'm rather sure they'll just describe this season with dialogue.  We barely even got to see a crow dream.
763	Blue Steel	2011-05-17	The way I see it, this is the first of two chances they will have to show the Tower of Joy flashback, the other being when Ned hallucinates in the dungeons.  I really hope it makes it in some form, the entire scene reads like a movie script as it is with the dialogue going back and forth between Ned and the Kingsguard.Dayne pulling out Dawn and saying,"So now it begins."  And then Ned, sadly unsheathing his blade and calmly replying,"No, now it ends." With blue rose petals blowing in the background and Lyanna crying out in pain... this scene could really be epic.That scene is so epic.  It also establishes a romanticism for the Kingguard."Our knees do not bend easily," said Ser Arthur Dayne."Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys.  I thought you might have sailed with him.""Ser Willem is a good man and true," said Ser Oswell."But not of the Kingsguard," Ser Gerold pointed out.  "The Kingsguard does not flee.""Then or now," said Ser Arthur.  He donned his helm."We swore a vow," explained old Ser Gerold.I love that passage and I love how each of the kingsguard seem to be finishing eachother's lines.  And then you have Lyanna screaming in the background and then, "Promise me, Ned."  I would love to see that.  It probably won't be in Episode 6, because that scene is all about romanticism and Ran has already said that he felt the series lacked a lot of the romanticism of the novel.  IT could conceiveably work better when Ned is having his dreams in the dungeon later on as you have pointed out.  So here's hoping.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 17 May 2011 - 03:09 PM.
764	Brewmaster	2011-05-17	If it were me making this show, I wouldn't show that Dream. In a show this heavy on number of characters, I would just leave in a flashback to another time with other characters out of it. You've got to find ways to cut characters out.
I would probably show Lyanna on her deathbed, but that's it.
765	End of Disc One	2011-05-17	Yeah I don't expect to see the Tower of Joy scene so I won't care if they don't show it...but I'm not looking forward to the massive bitchfest it's probably going to cause on this site.
766	The King of Ashes	2011-05-17	When did the ToJ scene get described in the book? It's been a long time since I read it but I always thought it was during Ned's dungeon hallucinations... now I'm not too sure.
767	Huan	2011-05-17	"Fire cannot kill a dragon."  I'm guessing Dany says this after a certain coronation! /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
768	Jambo	2011-05-17	I'm guessing they won't show ToJ as well. It would be cool to see as a flashback, but how exactly would they describe who/where/why/etc is fighting? It's not hard to explain in a book, but to jump to it in a show that has had zero flashbacks so far, to a new location, with a bunch of new characters - seems like it would be tough to do. Plus it would probably be too expensive to find and shoot a new location just for one short scene.
And have they even mentioned the Kingsguard by name in the show? We've only actually seen Jaime and Barristan, with matching armor and all, but no sign of the other 5 at all.
769	lonewulf	2011-05-18	Yea, Xfnity has been working with HBOGo for the past week at least.Anyways, shouldn't the Tower of Joy be in this episode?  Should be, and sure hope so. And also ... lets see V get some gold /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by lonewulf, 18 May 2011 - 10:16 AM.
770	El Duderino	2011-05-18	they chose an awesome shot to end the preview on. hope they do the attack in the wolf's wood justice
					
					
							Edited by El Duderino, 18 May 2011 - 11:06 AM.
771	Maltaran	2011-05-18	When did the ToJ scene get described in the book? It's been a long time since I read it but I always thought it was during Ned's dungeon hallucinations... now I'm not too sure.It's immediately (i.e. the start of Ned's next chapter) after the fight with Jaime, when he's all feverish from having his leg broken.
772	Aoife	2011-05-18	I think I might actually be sad after this episode, with no more Harry Lloyd. I find his Viserys pretty captivatingly unpredictable, and I'll miss seeing him on the screen.
773	Convivial Edd	2011-05-18	I think I might actually be sad after this episode, with no more Harry Lloyd. I find his Viserys pretty captivatingly unpredictable, and I'll miss seeing him on the screen.I agree. Llyod brought a lot to the role.
774	End of Disc One	2011-05-18	Also I don't think the crown will melt over V's head like it did in the book...I think it will set him on fire (one preview showed a person on the floor covered in fire).  I imagine this would cause a huge bitchfest as well.
775	MikeNH	2011-05-18	Also I don't think the crown will melt over V's head like it did in the book...I think it will set him on fire (one preview showed a person on the floor covered in fire).  I imagine this would cause a huge bitchfest as well.That's what I'm worried about... I would completely understand given how difficult that would be to do realistically... but I will be pretty disappointed if they don't.Not in a "OMG they're ruining the book!" fanboy way, just in a "I've been waiting for that since I read it" sorta way.As long as he bites it, there really isn't any cause for a bitchfest (not to say there won't be one).
776	Aoife	2011-05-18	The melting point of gold is 1947.52 F - chances are good that the flames are realistic. Well, as much as melting gold over a cookfire in the first place.
OTOH, could they be bringing forward (or is it time for) the scene in Mormont's tower? That would also involve bodies in flames, after all.
777	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2011-05-18	Also I don't think the crown will melt over V's head like it did in the book...I think it will set him on fire (one preview showed a person on the floor covered in fire).  I imagine this would cause a huge bitchfest as well.I would probably take part of said bitchfest. What's the point of having extremely graphical and memorable scenes in the source material but not using them for the show? It's not like it's too extreme or anything like that, especially not for HBO, and I think the whole "crowning" thing is a very poetic piece of the story. It's so good, it should be on the show.
778	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-18	OTOH, could they be bringing forward (or is it time for) the scene in Mormont's tower? That would also involve bodies in flames, after all.In fact I believe this to be correct.  The scene with the burning man from one of the preview clips looks like a Castle Black interior, rather than a Dothraki hut.I'd be surprised if HBO didn't give Viserys's demise the most gruesome true-to-the book treatment.  They certainly haven't flinched in that arena thus far.
779	The Bastard King	2011-05-18	The episode is called A Golden Crown, I would be surprised if they didn't show it the way it was in the books.
780	Asharak	2011-05-18	The thing I am most looking forward to in this episode is that hopefully Robb Stark will finally get a decent amount of screen time. His fight with the Wildlings is one of my favorite ASOIAF fight scenes. It could potentially be just as intense as the fight at the end of ep. 5, and the backdrop of the "dark and scary" forest could really add to the tone.
781	ExLibris	2011-05-18	Three episodes left, yet there's still so much to happen...Viserys gets what's coming to him, I can't wait!
782	nothatso	2011-05-18	OTOH, could they be bringing forward (or is it time for) the scene in Mormont's tower? That would also involve bodies in flames, after all.In fact I believe this to be correct.  The scene with the burning man from one of the preview clips looks like a Castle Black interior, rather than a Dothraki hut.From What I understand, Jon isn't even going to be in the show again until episode 7, which is when the NW recruits are sworn in. The episode description for episode 8 says "Jon lashes out at Ser Alliser Thorne and battles a mysterious attacker from beyond the Wall." So I would assume that is the episode with the scene you are referring to.
					
					
							Edited by nothatso, 18 May 2011 - 05:06 PM.
783	End of Disc One	2011-05-18	In fact I believe this to be correct.  The scene with the burning man from one of the preview clips looks like a Castle Black interior, rather than a Dothraki hut.I'd be surprised if HBO didn't give Viserys's demise the most gruesome true-to-the book treatment.  They certainly haven't flinched in that arena thus far.Oh, you could be right.  If so then ignore me.  The body was shaking like the person was alive so I didn't think it was a Wight.  Who knows.
784	Hyper	2011-05-18	Three episodes left, yet there's still so much to happen...Viserys gets what's coming to him, I can't wait!Three episodes? There's FIVE episodes left.  (well there will be four after "A Golden Crown") The season has 10 episodes.
785	Morrigan	2011-05-19	I was expecting the next episode to have Jon and the recruits taking their vows... but I guess not. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
That leaves Osha's introduction, Tyrion's trial with Bronn dueling Ser Vardis, Dany eating the horse heart and Viserys's crowning, and please please please please keep the Tower of Joy... it's a very important scene. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
786	back_packn	2011-05-19	The one way I could see them doing the ToJ scene, if they do, is starting the episode off in the dream, but the viewer's don't know it's a dream, until after a few minutes, Ned wakes up shaking and sweaty in a bed, being tended to...
I don't really see them cutting to the dream sequence in the middle of the episode...
787	Huan	2011-05-19	A couple of clips from Episode 6 are available on the HBO web site: Ned Wakes Up and Arya Talks With Syrio. Can't help wondering: was Ned dreaming before he woke up?
788	Ashas turnip	2011-05-19	Hi, Im new here and not yet familiar with ALL theories, but isnt the problem with showing the ToJ scene that it would almost have to prove or disprove the R+L=J theory, because it features Lyanna in her `bed of blood`, right? Or the would have to make it so vague that nonbookreaders might not have a clue to what is going on.
If my sentences are a bit off, English is not my first language  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> .
Anyway, I am very much looking forward to the crowning and, weirdly enough, to Dany eating the stallions heart. I actually found that a quite captivating scene in the book.
789	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	Hi, Im new here and not yet familiar with ALL theories, but isnt the problem with showing the ToJ scene that it would almost have to prove or disprove the R+L=J theory, because it features Lyanna in her `bed of blood`, right? Or the would have to make it so vague that nonbookreaders might not have a clue to what is going on.No, I don't see that at all.  I mean, all we've 'seen' in the books through Ned's thoughts are Lyanna lying in the bed of blood, the blue roses, the fight with the knights outside.  Nothing shows or says 'hey, new-born kid here!  Probably Rhaegar's.'  We don't even know that Lyanna died in childbirth, or that she had a child at all.  Many of us guess that, but its just a theory at this point.If my sentences are a bit off, English is not my first language  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Your English is just fine.weirdly enough, to Dany eating the stallions heart. I actually found that a quite captivating scene in the book.Weirdly enough, indeed!  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
790	Ashas turnip	2011-05-19	[quote name='iheartseverus' timestamp='1305832717' post='2481850']No, I don't see that at all.  I mean, all we've 'seen' in the books through Ned's thoughts are Lyanna lying in the bed of blood, the blue roses, the fight with the knights outside.  Nothing shows or says 'hey, new-born kid here!  Probably Rhaegar's.'  We don't even know that Lyanna died in childbirth, or that she had a child at all.  Many of us guess that, but its just a theory at this point.Well, I guess your right. I just thought that it may be more difficult to show on tv, without giving a lot away. But perhaps Im underestimating /blush.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' /> .Oh, and I didnt find the whole heart-eating captivating, just how Dany was pushing through the whole thing, looking at Drogo, becoming a bit more `Dothraki`, in my opinion. Just to clarify  /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' /> .
					
					
							Edited by Ashas turnip, 19 May 2011 - 02:34 PM.
791	Morrigan	2011-05-19	A couple of clips from Episode 6 are available on the HBO web site: Ned Wakes Up and Arya Talks With Syrio. Can't help wondering: was Ned dreaming before he woke up?Yeah, what a tease! Argh!
792	bens	2011-05-19	No, I don't see that at all.  I mean, all we've 'seen' in the books through Ned's thoughts are Lyanna lying in the bed of blood, the blue roses, the fight with the knights outside.  Nothing shows or says 'hey, new-born kid here!  Probably Rhaegar's.'  We don't even know that Lyanna died in childbirth, or that she had a child at all.  Many of us guess that, but its just a theory at this point.I think they'd have to make it clear where the blood is coming from. That is, she has to either have some serious wound (no R+L=J) or be bleeding from childbirth/some complication related to pregnancy. That said, they wouldn't have to prove R+L=J at all--they could just show her dying in childbirth without making it clear whether the fetus or baby survived (bleeding could mean a stillbirth or miscarriage as well as a live birth) or, if the baby survives, that the baby is Jon (though all the book readers would know it was Jon if the baby was shown to survive).I think "Ned wakes up" confirms that at least some part of ToJ will be in the episode, but perhaps not.
793	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	I think "Ned wakes up" confirms that at least some part of ToJ will be in the episode, but perhaps not.Interesting, I had that exact same thought.  When the female figure is standing there looking at him, all blurry, my first thought was 'Yoicks, its Lyanna!  This is ToJ!'  But of course, it turned out to be Cersei.  Rethinking it, Lyanna wouldn't be standing while Ned is lying down at the ToJ, but nevertheless, that was my first thought.  Fingers crossed!
794	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-19	The one way I could see them doing the ToJ scene, if they do, is starting the episode off in the dream, but the viewer's don't know it's a dream, until after a few minutes, Ned wakes up shaking and sweaty in a bed, being tended to...I don't really see them cutting to the dream sequence in the middle of the episode...Good idea, let's hope D7D had it too.A couple of clips from Episode 6 are available on the HBO web site: Ned Wakes Up There's nothing particularly dramatic about a wake-up scene without something happening before he wakes up. So that is a promising ToJ sign. I think we need an intro to Howland Reed so the audience has some context when Jojen and [sister] turn up at Winterfell.6 episodes in and finally the audience gets to feel...good? about someone's death.
795	Daenerys	2011-05-19	HBOGo and xfinity have already partnered up. If you have a comcast account you can log in to HBO Go.This is not necessarily true, as I'm having an issue with it right now. It's true that if you have an Xfinity package + HBO, you can use HBO Go. However, I have Comcast digital cable (HD) + HBO, yet I cannot sign into HBO Go because it says something about I'm not authorized by my provider (Comcast) to use HBO Go content. Even when trying to watch on the Xfinity site, it tells me something similar and I cannot watch. But when you click on a video in HBO Go, it says something like "If you have an HBO subscription, you can use HBO Go". So there's some fishy things going and at the least, they aren't being accurate in their wording. It seems ridiculous, as I'm paying the same for HBO as everyone else, and HBO Go is an HBO portal, not a Comcast portal.Bottom line is currently you MUST have one of the Xfinity packages through Comcast, simply having HBO is not enough.
796	Blue Steel	2011-05-19	I don't buy that the scene would be too hard to film.
They could easily do the ToJ scene if they wanted.  They don't have to explain who the knights are -- the fact that they are wearing the Kingsguard armor would be enough.  All they have to do is include the amazing dialogue from that scene, and right before Ned and his men face off with the Kingsguard, they do a quick edit to Lyanna screaming on a bed of blood with blue roses everywhere.  
"Promise me, Ned." 
"Lya, I promise..."
Then have Ned wake up.
With all of the added scenes such as Robert/Cersei, Loras/Renly, Varys/Littlefinger(which was 100% fanservice and had zero significance), why don't they have the time to fit the best scene in the book in?
797	Daenerys	2011-05-19	That scene is so epic.  It also establishes a romanticism for the Kingguard."Our knees do not bend easily," said Ser Arthur Dayne."Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys.  I thought you might have sailed with him.""Ser Willem is a good man and true," said Ser Oswell."But not of the Kingsguard," Ser Gerold pointed out.  "The Kingsguard does not flee.""Then or now," said Ser Arthur.  He donned his helm."We swore a vow," explained old Ser Gerold....which would likely confuse the hell out of anyone who hadn't read the books. Even in the books, it's a bit confusing, I didn't really understand what was happening in the TOJ until I read it 2-3 times, and a shortened version in the tv show would be much worse. People still don't even know all the current characters, throwing in this would only add to the confusion. Plus, here we are 4+ books in and we still haven't really resolved the importance of Lyanna (and the TOJ scene) in a significant way.I know people want to see the scene, so do I, but I won't be surprised if they cut it out entirely or find another way to show it much later on when it may become more relevant.
798	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	I think its a needless worry that bookwalkers are always worried that this-or-that 'will be too confusing' for non-readers.  I've seen that same opinion expressed again and again throughout these threads.  And yet, reading through the threads that describe non-readers reactions after every episode, I haven't seen a single instance where a non-reader reaction was 'Who was that Ser X and what was he doing there?'  Or, 'that whole XYZ scene confused the hell out of me.'   Just the opposite, in fact.  Viewers understand completely that if a scene is laid out for them (or a character dreams of a promise he made to a girl we don't yet know) that all will be explained in time.  In fact, I'm getting the impression that that's half the fun non-readers are having with the series.  They've got it down pat by now that everybody in this show is not necessarily who they seem to be, that the words spoken by the characters are not necessarily the truth (in fact, probably aren't true), etc etc., that the surface motivations of the characters expressed by the characters are probably hiding some other ulterior motive.  I can't see any non-reader viewer having any problem at all with Ned making a promise to a beautiful dying girl in a dream.  Its intriguing!  What could it mean?  Who is that girl and what did Ned promise her?  Tune in next week.  Its good tv.
799	El Duderino	2011-05-19	WIC has already confirmed that ToJ scene is not in this episode, and that he's holding out hope that they've moved it to when he's in the dungeon cell.
800	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	WIC has already confirmed that ToJ scene is not in this episode, and that he's holding out hope that they've moved it to when he's in the dungeon cell.Bummer.  If that's so, then for this episode it would make sense for Ned in his fevered dream to be hearing a woman's voice pleading 'Promise me, Ned.  Promise.'  He might even speak the answer out loud before fully waking up.  'I promise, Lyanna.'   It would explain Ned's confused somewhere-else look we see in the preview as he sees Cersei and Robert standing in front of him, and their intense staring at him in return.  It'll also set up the ToJ scene if we are lucky enough to see it in a coming episode.
801	Hyper	2011-05-19	Bummer.  If that's so, then for this episode it would make sense for Ned in his fevered dream to be hearing a woman's voice pleading 'Promise me, Ned.  Promise.'  He might even speak the answer out loud before fully waking up.  'I promise, Lyanna.'   It would explain Ned's confused somewhere-else look we see in the preview as he sees Cersei and Robert standing in front of him, and their intense staring at him in return.  It'll also set up the ToJ scene if we are lucky enough to see it in a coming episode.Why? Why does it have to be that?A use of Occam's Razor would imply that this scene is simply how the episode starts... Ned waking up. Or this is how we see Ned at first in the episode. It doesn't have to be more complicated than that.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 19 May 2011 - 06:08 PM.
802	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	Why? Why does it have to be that?.Of course, it doesn't have to be that.   I was suggesting what I thought would be an interesting bit, that's all.Occam's Razor aside, your username suits you.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
803	Ran	2011-05-19	Spoiler for episode 6:
	Spoiler Occam's Razor it is. He just ... wakes up.
Maybe they'll have some reference to it later, I do not know. But it's not in episode 6, in any case.
804	iheartseverus	2011-05-19	Spoiler for episode 6:
	Spoiler Occam's Razor it is. He just ... wakes up.Maybe they'll have some reference to it later, I do not know. But it's not in episode 6, in any case.
Drat.  Double drat.  Thanks, Ran.
805	ExLibris	2011-05-19	Three episodes? There's FIVE episodes left.  (well there will be four after "A Golden Crown") The season has 10 episodes.Woah really? I was just going by the number of sub-forums (it only lists as far as episode 8), so this is good news to me! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
806	End of Disc One	2011-05-19	Regarding the ToJ scene being the best in the book...honestly most casual fans probably don't even remember it.  Granted they're giving plenty of fan service to the hardcore fans, but I doubt D&D are too worried about pissing a lot of people off by not including ToJ.
807	wandarah	2011-05-19	The episode is called A Golden Crown, I would be surprised if they didn't show it the way it was in the books.This is one of the best posts I've read all morning. Hehe.
808	Daenerys	2011-05-19	Regarding the ToJ scene being the best in the book...honestly most casual fans probably don't even remember it.  Granted they're giving plenty of fan service to the hardcore fans, but I doubt D&D are too worried about pissing a lot of people off by not including ToJ.That's what I'm saying, it's an important scene for people who have read the books a half dozen times, for people whole dress up in costume and travel to have their photo taken on the Iron Throne (I did! Well, not the costume part.), for people who post on forums like this, for people who dream up theories for Jon's parentage. But it is NOT an important scene for the mass audience that HBO hopes to attract to the show, an audience vital to its continued existence. Even if you ascribe a significance to the scene, it doesn't have significance in the storyline for many books later (or years/seasons in tv terms), if ever. Considering they're already struggling to give enough depth (screen time) to all the characters in 10 hours, adding obscure scenes like this (and adding even more characters) is hard to justify. If there were a more immediate payoff (say at the end of this season, or in season 2), then sure, you could make a good case for it. But there isn't.
809	herkles	2011-05-19	according to winter-is-coming, there is no tower of joy this week. but there is a lot going on as well. wildling fightjoffery being nice to sansatyrion confessing and maybe his trialthe assanation attempt on dany dany eating the horses heart the crowning of vieserys the fight between the lanister guards and syrio(not sure but the preview indicates this)Though speaking of flashbacks, is it not true there is a scene with the mad king?
810	Hyper	2011-05-19	No, I think the assassination attempt on Dany is in episode 7. If the episode summaries are to be believed. The Syrio/guards fight is also most likely not until episode 7 or later. 
I think you watched the combined episode 6 & 7 preview.
811	Civfan	2011-05-20	What if they skip ToJ now... and in a season or two have it as a random flashback?  When it's more important to the storyline, and people are following who's who better.  That way, we get a little Sean Bean cameo!  How's that sound?  It could work well since Dany will no doubt be going on about her brother, details of the war will be touched on, and with Dany's warlock house scene we even have an easy in-univserse flashback window.  
Mite b cool.
812	MikeNH	2011-05-20	according to winter-is-coming, there is no tower of joy this weekYes, in case anyone isn't familiar WIC was one of the lucky ones to screen the first six episodes, and he did confirm there is no ToJ in this episode.http://winter-is-com...#comment-105280
					
					
							Edited by MikeNH, 20 May 2011 - 11:47 AM.
813	Perrianne Lurie	2011-05-20	This is not necessarily true, as I'm having an issue with it right now. It's true that if you have an Xfinity package + HBO, you can use HBO Go. However, I have Comcast digital cable (HD) + HBO, yet I cannot sign into HBO Go because it says something about I'm not authorized by my provider (Comcast) to use HBO Go content. Even when trying to watch on the Xfinity site, it tells me something similar and I cannot watch. But when you click on a video in HBO Go, it says something like "If you have an HBO subscription, you can use HBO Go". So there's some fishy things going and at the least, they aren't being accurate in their wording. It seems ridiculous, as I'm paying the same for HBO as everyone else, and HBO Go is an HBO portal, not a Comcast portal.Bottom line is currently you MUST have one of the Xfinity packages through Comcast, simply having HBO is not enough.I had the same problem. I ended up calling Comcast customer service and they had me delete the HBO Go app, sign up for an Xfinity ID (my first and last name all one word), and then download the app and sign in again and it worked. Comcast is not my ISP, either. My advice would be to call the Comcast support number (I think it's in the Xfinity app) and have them walk you through it, too.
814	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-20	What's dany doing with that egg?I read one unintentionally funny theory from a non-book reader: He or she believed that Dany had eaten one of the dragon eggs /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> (what actually happens is that Dany eats the heart of a horse, IIRC).
815	Morrigan	2011-05-20	according to winter-is-coming, there is no tower of joy this week. but there is a lot going on as well. wildling fightjoffery being nice to sansatyrion confessing and maybe his trialthe assanation attempt on dany dany eating the horses heart the crowning of vieserys the fight between the lanister guards and syrio(not sure but the preview indicates this)Though speaking of flashbacks, is it not true there is a scene with the mad king?I think you're confused, pretty sure the assassination attempt on Dany happens after Viserys dies... and Syrio fighting the Lannisters mean that Ned has been arrested and thrown in the black cells, so that's probably at least two episodes later. The 8th episode is called "The Pointy End"... make of that what you will. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 20 May 2011 - 07:51 PM.
816	Maginor	2011-05-20	I don't know if this has been discussed before, but if you look at the map in HBO's viewer guide, you see that certain places are marked in red. Almost without exception, these are places that we have viewpoints from in the book, including a mystery location in Dorne (it is only marked as Dorne). Bear Island is also marked red, and since there is no scene from there in the book, this indicates to me that the places marked red are the ones we will see scenes from in the TV series (though I have absolutely no idea what kind of significant event would happen on Bear Island. Maybe a flashback for Jorah - which would be weird, or maybe my theory here is wrong, and there is some obvious pattern to the red marks that I have missed.)
Anyway, the point is that if this is the case, then the Tower of Joy is the most likely scene to be shown from Dorne in the first season. So maybe we can hope for something in episode 8 or 9. Maybe.
Well, that was a lot of speculation. I hope it won't get anybody's hopes too high in case it is wrong. (Based on this, there would be no scenes from the Whispering Woods or Moat Cailin either, and there is a red mark in the Vale, but this could just be because we get a panorama shot of parts of it while viewing the Eyrie. Of course, the markings may be inaccurate for places that get little screen time or because they are close to other marked places such as the Whispering Woods to Riverrun. That would not explain away why they would put a red mark in Dorne.)
817	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-20	I don't know if this has been discussed before, but if you look at the map in HBO's viewer guide, you see that certain places are marked in red. Almost without exception, these are places that we have viewpoints from in the book, including a mystery location in Dorne (it is only marked as Dorne). Bear Island is also marked red, and since there is no scene from there in the book, this indicates to me that the places marked red are the ones we will see scenes from in the TV series (though I have absolutely no idea what kind of significant event would happen on Bear Island. Maybe a flashback for Jorah - which would be weird, or maybe my theory here is wrong, and there is some obvious pattern to the red marks that I have missed.)Anyway, the point is that if this is the case, then the Tower of Joy is the most likely scene to be shown from Dorne in the first season. So maybe we can hope for something in episode 8 or 9. Maybe.Well, that was a lot of speculation. I hope it won't get anybody's hopes too high in case it is wrong. (Based on this, there would be no scenes from the Whispering Woods or Moat Cailin either, and there is a red mark in the Vale, but this could just be because we get a panorama shot of parts of it while viewing the Eyrie. Of course, the markings may be inaccurate for places that get little screen time or because they are close to other marked places such as the Whispering Woods to Riverrun. That would not explain away why they would put a red mark in Dorne.)Hmmmm I kind of doubt we'll see all the places marked in red. The show doesn't seem to be using flashbacks, and if/when they do, I can't see them doing one of Jorah in Bear Island. Riverrun is also in red, and I think I heard somewhere that it won't be a location in the show this season. Although every other red marker does seem to be a place in the show this season. The one in Dorne could mean the Tower of Joy scene, though I'm doubtful it will make the show. It's a great scene (I don't think its close to the best one in the book) but I think it would be hard to pull off in the show without being confusing to nonreaders. Also, the significance of the scene isn't really known for presumably a few more seasons so it's hardly necessary this season.
818	The Brandon Stark	2011-05-20	That's what I'm saying, it's an important scene for people who have read the books a half dozen times, for people whole dress up in costume and travel to have their photo taken on the Iron Throne (I did! Well, not the costume part.), for people who post on forums like this, for people who dream up theories for Jon's parentage. But it is NOT an important scene for the mass audience that HBO hopes to attract to the show, an audience vital to its continued existence. Even if you ascribe a significance to the scene, it doesn't have significance in the storyline for many books later (or years/seasons in tv terms), if ever. Considering they're already struggling to give enough depth (screen time) to all the characters in 10 hours, adding obscure scenes like this (and adding even more characters) is hard to justify. If there were a more immediate payoff (say at the end of this season, or in season 2), then sure, you could make a good case for it. But there isn't.No it is important to the entire series, not just people that read the books half a dozen times. In fact it still may the two most important pages written by GRRM. I love the HBO series, but if the TOJ scene is cut, the series might as well be for naught. It doesn't have to be this week, but it does need to shown.
819	Anomandaris86	2011-05-21	What if they skip ToJ now... and in a season or two have it as a random flashback?  When it's more important to the storyline, and people are following who's who better.  That way, we get a little Sean Bean cameo!  How's that sound?  It could work well since Dany will no doubt be going on about her brother, details of the war will be touched on, and with Dany's warlock house scene we even have an easy in-univserse flashback window.  Mite b cool.No. Flashbacks don't work in movies as well as books unless they're from the point-of-view of a present character who is alive. How would they transition to it otherwise? No, if they don't have a Ned flashback for the Tower of Joy then it would have to be from the only other survivor, Howland Reed. And he's not introduced yet.Yes, in case anyone isn't familiar WIC was one of the lucky ones to screen the first six episodes, and he did confirm there is no ToJ in this episode.http://winter-is-com...#comment-105280Goddamnit. Well if that's not what he's dreaming about, then what is it? Because it's obvious from that clip that him waking up is a transition from something else. It's clear from the way it's filmed as well as the music. So some other dream? Perhaps something else from the war. The sack of King's Landing? His confrontation with Jaime in the throne room? Arguing with Robert about the Targaryen children? That would actually be pretty cool; it's past time for more info about the war.No it is important to the entire series, not just people that read the books half a dozen times. In fact it still may the two most important pages written by GRRM. I love the HBO series, but if the TOJ scene is cut, the series might as well be for naught. It doesn't have to be this week, but it does need to shown.This. They BETTER show that scene. I will kill somebody.
820	Civfan	2011-05-21	No. Flashbacks don't work in movies as well as books unless they're from the point-of-view of a present character who is alive. How would they transition to it otherwise? No, if they don't have a Ned flashback for the Tower of Joy then it would have to be from the only other survivor, Howland Reed. And he's not introduced yet.Well the example I gave was the Warlock House.  They could easily start an episode as a flashback.  They do that on Supernatural a lot and it works well (tonight's episode for example.)  It fades in like a normal episode but as soon as you see Ned you'd know- this isn't happening in the present show.  It'd have to work with the plot at the time, but I think that would work.  Flash backs aren't always a character remembering something.
821	Anomandaris86	2011-05-21	Oh, parallel timelines are what you are talking about? As in, one plot in the past and one in the present, and it jumps back and forth between the two? Or not? In any case those things work because they both keep getting continuously developed. If it's just a one-off flashback, it needs to be...well, a flashback. Otherwise it's just floating out there in the show with no connection to anything else.
822	Hyper	2011-05-21	I love the HBO series, but if the TOJ scene is cut, the series might as well be for naught. It doesn't have to be this week, but it does need to shown.Geez, for the love of... Get real!!! What is the deal with this bizarro fascination with a feverish dream/flashback passage from Ned in the book. IT IS NOT THAT IMPORTANT. And it CANNOT BE TRUSTED either due to Ned's state of mind. It is a dream, not even a proper flashback.This has just gotten absurd. It is a poetic passage that may offer some clues, but it is certainly NOT the most important scene/passage in the book.
823	Anomandaris86	2011-05-21	It gives a lot of hints about things in the past - in fact without it no one could infer R+L=J. And if that theory turns out to be true, then it is definitely a VERY important scene. And it's important for other reasons as well, as I laid out in another post. So no, it's not something inconsequential that can be lightly brushed aside by the producers. It's a very important scene for the book, Ned's character, and the series as a whole.
824	Ran	2011-05-21	It's thematically important, but it's not really a lynchpin. The Red Wedding, that's a lynchpin sequence that must be shown. I love the Tower of Joy, I've already explained my own reasons for why I think the show needs something like it, but part of adaptation means making choices that would include reducing or entirely removing certain themes to focus on fewer themes in more detail.So far, the show has largely dropped the romanticization of the past, and Romanticism in general.
825	Anomandaris86	2011-05-21	If they can show Viserys and Doreah in the bathtub than they can definitely show the Tower of Joy. If they don't that's indicative of massively skewed priorities.
826	End of Disc One	2011-05-21	I'm slowly growing to hate the ToJ scene just because of its fans...
827	Morrigan	2011-05-21	Geez, for the love of... Get real!!! What is the deal with this bizarro fascination with a feverish dream/flashback passage from Ned in the book. IT IS NOT THAT IMPORTANT. And it CANNOT BE TRUSTED either due to Ned's state of mind. It is a dream, not even a proper flashback.This has just gotten absurd. It is a poetic passage that may offer some clues, but it is certainly NOT the most important scene/passage in the book."Some" clues? Dude, it's the single biggest clue to R+L=J. Without it, the theory has no merit, and if R+L=J isn't true, the scene is pretty much pointless, unless it hides an even bigger and deeper meaning, and when does GRRM ever write any pointless dream sequences? Think about it: three kingsguards, the most badass ones too, guarding a tower where Lyanna is. And Ned purposefully lists all the other places where the Kingsguard should be (with their king, with their king's heir, with the pregnant queen) and they all say "no, this is here that we're meant to be". How can that not be majorly significant to the story?If they remove it from season 1, they'll have to replace it with some other scene altogether since you need Ned to remember it, and I doubt they can come up with something better. The only acceptable possibility, IMO, is if Daenerys witnesses the scene herself in the House of the Undying Ones in season 2.If they can show Viserys and Doreah in the bathtub than they can definitely show the Tower of Joy. If they don't that's indicative of massively skewed priorities.This.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 21 May 2011 - 01:48 PM.
828	MikeNH	2011-05-21	"Some" clues? Dude, it's the single biggest clue to R+L=J. Without it, the theory has no merit...If they remove it from season 1, they'll have to replace it with some other scene altogether since you need Ned to remember it...It's the single biggest clue IN THE BOOK.  And yes, we don't even know if its true.  That doesn't mean they can't think of some other way to hint at R+L=J.  GRRM is invovled in the show afterall, he may have already worked on that with them.And as for "only Ned can tell it" - that is also easily changed.  We don't know for sure that Ned never talked about what went down there with someone.  And even if he didn't in the books, he certainly could have in the show.  There is still Reed.  And they could easily change it so that there was another survivor.So far in the books, that scene has ONLY hinted at the R+L=J theory - it hasn't served any other purpose.  So its pretty easy to write around that for the show.
829	Huan	2011-05-21	I read somewhere, probably in a review of the show, that when GRRM met with D&D to discuss making the series, he asked them about Jon's parentage and was happy with their response. I assume that means they know who Jon's parents are. Maybe they don't feel the need to delve into Jon's background this early in the series, at least not in season one when they weren't sure they would have a second season.
830	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-22	I'm slowly growing to hate the ToJ scene just because of its fans...I feel you there. It's an amazing scene in the book, and no one loves it more than I do, but damn it's not the end of the world if it gets cut. In fact I don't think it works very well on TV this season. I would prefer a retelling in a later season by the only man left alive that witnessed it...
831	Carldog	2011-05-22	Henry L has done a great job, the best portrayal so far, I think.  I would have loved to see a little more of him as V, but the story moves on.  Well done, HL.
832	herkles	2011-05-22	I feel you there. It's an amazing scene in the book, and no one loves it more than I do, but damn it's not the end of the world if it gets cut. In fact I don't think it works very well on TV this season. I would prefer a retelling in a later season by the only man left alive that witnessed it...question, who is still alive from that scene, is it ser barristan or is it another one?
833	Tyrion4prez	2011-05-22	Howland Reed, the Crannogman
834	Volderon	2011-05-22	Except we're never going to see him because the show won't go on for five seasons...
835	Carldog	2011-05-22	The fuck it won't!
836	A<U+0089>tA	2011-05-23	^^ this... that has to be one of the quickest hours of my life and looks like Episode 7's even better!question, who is still alive from that scene, is it ser barristan or is it another one?No, Barristan wasn't there - the three Kingsguard were killed, as were all of Ned's comrades except Howland Reed. That's why he's so important /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA, 23 May 2011 - 03:40 AM.
837	walrus	2011-05-23	So about this whole ToJ debate, check out this quote from Harry Lloyd (Viserys):"I remember them saying at the beginning there were going to be no dreams, no flashbacks, but we have seen a couple of Bran's dreams, so I don't know,"So if they (the creators) said at one point there were no dreams or flashbacks I'd say it is very unlikely that there will be a ToJ scene, even if they did end up including the crow dreams. Quote is from this interview
