nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-03-31	Tell us what you think!
2	NedFlanderStark	2013-04-07	Awesome!  Poor Theon /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3	Dru	2013-04-07	Loved the Reeds, Theon, Jamie, Arya and Sansa scene with the Queen of Thorns herself. Really enjoy Joffrey the little shit. Cat scene was ok and couldn't stand Tyrions whore scene. This season is going to be amazing!!
4	House Martell	2013-04-07	NO, the Cat scene, NO! I have spent plenty of time on these boards bashing Cat but her lamenting over Jon Snow was terrible.
5	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	Hated the Cat scene and that Osha is not going with Ricken.  Poor baby being sent off to be raised by wolves.
Other than that I loved it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
8
6	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	A really great episode, I thought. It didnt have as many great character scenes as last week but had great action scenes that didnt make it feel as slow as last week. Again, there was very little I could find I didn't like: 9/10
7	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-07	So many changes.  I gave it a 6.  
1. I like being able to see the breaking of Theon from the start.  He has no idea he being set up by Ramsay
2. I like how Marg is manipulating Joff and I loved the Queen of Thornes.  I missed Butterbumps
3. The fight between Brienne and Jaime was awful
I know the first four episodes are setup but this one was kind of ordinary
8	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I knew people would hate the Jon Snow scene, but I don't see why exactly. It didnt change Catelyn, it reinforced that she could never love Jon no matter what.
9	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	I thought it was good.  I liked Jaime and Brienne's scenes a lot.  The duel was good although I really wish it had ended the way it did in the book, with them fighting in the river.  The Reeds made a good first impression and Rigg was terrific as Olenna.  Joffrey is one disturbed piece of **** who just can't function like a normal human being...Jack Gleason does a great job with him and I like how Maegarey manipulated him.  Thoros was not how I expected him to look but the character was quite entertaining. 
I'm not trusting Talisa...something seems off.  The Cat scene didn't bother me.  Believing that her treatment of Jon is the reason she's having all her problems, I don't agree with.  But the scenario she laid out I can buy.  Oh, Dolorus Edd...love that scene.
10	scurvy	2013-04-07	Way too much made up stuff when they have too much material to adapt that they're ignoring.  Hated the episode.
11	Hound Dog	2013-04-07	Good episode. The Cat scene was absolutely brutal and unnecessary. Tyrion and Shae I could've done without too.... I wish Osha would take Rickon away... otherwise what's Davos going to do later when he leaves White Harbor? Loved how angry the Hound looked... can't wait for what comes next for him!
12	Zman1863	2013-04-07	Liked it quite a bit. However, I had a problem with two scenes. Hated the scene with Catelyn talking about Jon Snow. I'm not a huge fan in the books but I can't see what the point of inventing all this maudlin sentimentality.  They do seem to pile the blame for the travails of the Starks on her and now they have her screen version admitting guilt because of a failing the book character would never have acknowledged. The scene with Tyrion and Shae didn't work for me either. A rare instance when a Tyrion scene fell flat for me.
13	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Thoros = awesome. Also Jaime's joke about cocks on the iron throne had me lol'ing.
14	ServantOnIce	2013-04-07	10, up there with Blackwater and better than any episode other than Blackwater last season.
15	Bride of Winter	2013-04-07	the best episode I've seen in a long time. possibly since season 1 IMO. 
would have been a 10, I'm giving it a 9 because of weird timing - some scenes were too drawn out where others were cut too short (the scenes with the Reeds seemed a bit awkwardly short considering it was their time to be introduced, and I'm also a little peeved they cut the discussion of marrying Willas from the Sansa/Marg/Olenna scene)
16	ServantOnIce	2013-04-07	Way too much made up stuff when they have too much material to adapt that they're ignoring.  Hated the episode.Angry Game of Throne Fan?  Is That You?
17	FromTheShadows	2013-04-07	Loved the scene where the Hound spotted Arya
Hated the scene where the guy wanted to leave Sam behind
Thought there should've been more scenes of Jon Snow and the Wildings
Overall: 7/10
18	Ran	2013-04-07	It didnt change CatelynYou may have missed the part where she indicates that only a mother can make one of those figures for their child.She explicitly believes that she ought to be a mother to Jon. This makes everything much worse. In the novel, in the society she lives in, there is absolutely no social obligation on her in regards to Jon, nor is there understood to be a moral obligation. Ned is the one who is acting against the norms, who is inflicting this situation on everyone.So, yeah, it's a significant change.Moreover, you literally have her taking the view that maybe this is all her fault. Those who are inclined to believe that, either through latent misgoyny, a lack of empathy, or a preference for simplistic narratives, are just going to latch onto it. That's not what I think the writers expected, but it's what they're going to get.
19	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	I gave it a 7, The Sansa/Queen of Thorns scene was awesome. I really enjoyed the Bran/Reeds and Jaime/Brienne scenes as well. Nothing else really stood out to me. The Catelyn scene was hard to watch, I just started petting my dog. Oh, Thoros was pretty good i guess, But i felt the Arya scenes were just okay.
edit: forgot about the Theon scenes, I thought they were really well done. Think i might change my score to a 8.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 07 April 2013 - 09:18 PM.
20	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	They are "nicing up" Cat to make people feel worse later this season.
21	Bride of Winter	2013-04-07	also I'm very impressed at how every single one of the countless new characters introduced in this episode were perfect. even if this show's writing leaves a little to be desired recently, I have to give casting an A+.
22	YourMomsBox	2013-04-07	It was simply a good episode. The parts I didn't care for were the Brienne/Jaime fight (a letdown compared to the book), Cat scenes, and Shae. Nothing mind blowing but per usual I enjoyed it.
23	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-07	NO, the Cat scene, NO! I have spent plenty of time on these boards bashing Cat but her lamenting over Jon Snow was terrible.I actually have some beefs in this episode and this is the biggest one. I get what they are trying to do here though, but im not sure it was necessary. Thoros being up in everyone's business. Isnt that Tom O'Seven's role? Rains of Castemere was nice but Thoros singing it was weird.Jon not being marked as a warg is ehhhh....Marg being awesome the sequel. Im loving it. Olenna was great! Joff being more willful with Cersei is great. Its a change, but i like it.Muthafucken REEDS! Hnngh. Jojen is awesome, ok? He just is awesome. Meera will mess you up! <333333333333 Howland got name dropped. :BOh hai Theon! Like that, do ya? DO YOU LIKE IT!?? I didnt think so. Oh hai Ramsay! Brrrr.....Jaime/Brienne stuff was good. The fight was a little lackluster but the scene worked just the same. And Hot Pie looked like Hot Pie! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Nice Hound entrance.Jon keeps his mouth closed this season. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Needed more Butterbumps but i guess i can deal. I give it  9 heads of the Ned out of 10. Mostly because i loved me some Reeds and Olenna. The Reeds' entrance was great despite the changes. Plus more direwolf action. Olenna was word for word from the book and i loved it.
24	teemo	2013-04-07	I really did not enjoy this episode...it felt about 4 hours long and lots of unnecessary stuff.  The I Love Jon Snow monologue is terrible from every aspect..the writing was piss poor and cheesy, not something that GRRM would ever write.  It sounded like Talisa's sob story about her brother....where it's so contrived my eyes start to glaze over.  I fail to see the point of all of the Cersei/Joffrey tension.  This was such a downgrade from last week /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
25	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	They are "nicing up" Cat to make people feel worse later this season.Unfortuneately, the writers can't stay away from TV tropes.  While I disliked Cat's opinion of Jon in the books, I liked her character quite a bit.  But on TV, sometimes it has to be black and white.  D and B seem to think Cat has to be made likeable like this for her death to resonate.  Maybe that's true but the Thrones books are supposed to eschew stuff like this.  Cat is a good person who has several flaws, one of them is how she treats Jon.
26	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	I knew people would hate the Jon Snow scene, but I don't see why exactly. It didnt change Catelyn, it reinforced that she could never love Jon no matter what.It gives her a martyr complex.  It was rather senseless as it didn't add to her character at all.
27	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	Didn't like the Cat scene, but understand they are trying to make her sympathetic.
Didn't Jamie and Brienne reference being in the vicinity of Riverun, yet got taken by Bolton men dispatched from Harrenhall?  Don't get this one.
Liked the touch of the betrayal by the guy that Jamie suggested killing, but Dunk, ermm, Brienne was too honorable to kill.
Theon's torture mercifully pg-13 so far.  Hope they don't leave him quite as mutilated as in the books.
QOT went over VERY well with non-book readers, esp. female that I was viewing with.
I nerded out on how the brotherhood is Robin Hood and his merry men.  They didn't really recall who the brotherhood was or connect it to Beric, for damn sure.
Liked seeing "Joff the homophobe".
Cat Talisa was too distracting and not enough action for me to give it 8-10, but liked it overall, gave it a 7.
					
					
							Edited by No Avatar- that movie suck, 07 April 2013 - 09:36 PM.
28	go joff go	2013-04-07	I gave it a 9.5, not much I didn't like.  I can't believe how many scenes they got in there without it feeling jumpy.  It was kind of the opposite of last weeks episode which felt slow paced.
29	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Well, I really liked and I justify my high score simply because of some great scenes, specially Jaime and Brienne and the Queen of Thorns with Sansa. Jaime's and Olenna's lines were brilliant. I also loved the Brotherhood appearance and the Reeds. I only could not give a better score because Shae still is too painful to watch and of course Cat's scene was something that I'm still digesting.
30	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	Jamie vs. Brienne fight was a little bit better than I thought they would pull off.
Thoros vs. Arya was funny and at least a little dose of realism vs. Arya the 10 year old supah ninja.
					
					
							Edited by No Avatar- that movie suck, 07 April 2013 - 09:25 PM.
31	Linda	2013-04-07	Mostly, a pretty lacklustre episode. I actually found it very hard to remember much about it at all when we sat down to work on the reviews. Nothing really stood out, except the awful, awful Catelyn scene. Awful in the sense of the complete mess they made of the character; I suppose the acting was alright. I continue to find Margaery nothing but annoying the way Dormer portrays her; miscast, for sure.
32	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-07	Loved loved loved Olenna! She was spot on! 
I'm sick of Talisa though, go away....
33	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	You may have missed the part where she indicates that only a mother can make one of those figures for their child.She explicitly believes that she ought to be a mother to Jon. This makes everything much worse. In the novel, in the society she lives in, there is absolutely no social obligation on her in regards to Jon, nor is there understood to be a moral obligation. Ned is the one who is acting against the norms, who is inflicting this situation on everyone.So, yeah, it's a significant change.Moreover, you literally have her taking the view that maybe this is all her fault. Those who are inclined to believe that, either through latent misgoyny, a lack of empathy, or a preference for simplistic narratives, are just going to latch onto it. That's not what I think the writers expected, but it's what they're going to get.Nobody in their right mind will actually believe that Cat's treatment of Jon is directly responsible for the fate of her other children. This is certainly a change for Cat, but it's just grief and overreaction and grim reflection..
34	Ran	2013-04-07	There's a lot of people not in their right mind. You'll see.
35	House Martell	2013-04-07	Unfortuneately, the writers can't stay away from TV tropes.  While I disliked Cat's opinion of Jon in the books, I liked her character quite a bit.  But on TV, sometimes it has to be black and white.  D and B seem to think Cat has to be made likeable like this for her death to resonate.  Maybe that's true but the Thrones books are supposed to eschew stuff like this.  Cat is a good person who has several flaws, one of them is how she treats Jon.I didn't "like" Cat in the books, but I respected her character, she was interesting and flawed. They have definitely been over simplifying her from the beginning, they are trying to make her more "likable" but she is losing that complexity that made her tragic and interesting, it's a huge mistake IMHO
36	teemo	2013-04-07	Mostly, a pretty lacklustre episode. I actually found it very hard to remember much about it at all when we sat down to work on the reviews. Nothing really stood out, except the awful, awful Catelyn scene. Awful in the sense of the complete mess they made of the character; I suppose the acting was alright. I continue to find Margaery nothing but annoying the way Dormer portrays her; miscast, for sure.A casual viewer could easily skip over this and not miss much.  Just watch "previously on."  I agree about Dormer...bad casting there.  Thanks Tudors.
37	Nezzer	2013-04-07	Really enjoyed this episode. I gave it a 9. I didn't mind the Cat change. I never cared much about Catelyn anyway, but it was a good scene if you avoid comparisons with the book. The only thing that bothered me a bit were the lenght of some scenes. Some must've lasted less than two minutes. Other than that, everything was great, and that was the sole reason I didn't give it a 10.
Hi, Ramsay, how ya doing? Good to finally see you, bro!
38	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	I knew people would hate the Jon Snow scene, but I don't see why exactly. It didnt change Catelyn, it reinforced that she could never love Jon no matter what.Yeah I thought it was really good, at first I thought she was making the story up I was like wtf is going on here and then she made up for it. She really is a great actor.Was really good seeing Ramsay I cant wait to see how that all goes down. Jojen was awesome too.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 07 April 2013 - 09:34 PM.
39	SandSnakeSire	2013-04-07	Cat talking about Jon was to let people know that bastards can be made legitimate in some cases, so it doesn't seem out of the blue when Robb puts it in his will. At least that's my guess. If that's not the case then I agree, unnecessary and boring scene.
40	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-07	I continue to find Margaery nothing but annoying the way Dormer portrays her; miscast, for sure.And you continue to be alone in this opinion.Talisa is hogging up Robb's scenes and im not cool with this to be honest. But i guess its adding to the whole Red Wedding thing that will eventually happen. Theon's torture mercifully pg-13 so far. Hope they don't leave him quite as mutilated as in the books.True. But like, its pretty gnarly for those of us who know whats going on here. It is leaving non-readers rather baffled. (like my mum thought it was someone related to Theon who set this up. Like his dad or something. Poor mum..lol) They just...have no idea how fucked up Ramsay is. The Cat thing just...no. The last line she said is actually what bothered me the most. Something about "all of this happened because i didnt keep my promise." Cat, wut?
41	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	I forgot to mention but I thought Sophie Turner was terrific.  She played her character's fear and terror in confessing to Olenna brilliantly.
42	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	Maybe I should have upgraded to an 8 for Anguy's "Yo, I'mma shoot dis arrow in the sky, and if you don't move ya fat ass by the time I'm done talkin', you gonna be dead"
That was awesome.
43	teemo	2013-04-07	And you continue to be alone in this opinion.Yes...I'm sure you speak for everyone who has read the books and watches the show.  I don't like the casting either.
44	House Martell	2013-04-07	Cat talking about Jon was to let people know that bastards can be made legitimate in some cases, so it doesn't seem out of the blue when Robb puts it in his will. At least that's my guess. If that's not the case then I agree, unnecessary and boring scene.All you need is one line saying a King can legitimize bastards while Robb makes his will to do that, you don't need to totally change Cat for that one fact.
45	Howdyphillip	2013-04-07	Nobody in their right mind will actually believe that Cat's treatment of Jon is directly responsible for the fate of her other children. This is certainly a change for Cat, but it's just grief and overreaction and grim reflection..Actually, this was the only bit of dialog in the whole scene that didn't resonate with me. I personally don't mind the changes that they have made to Catelyn. In the books, we get to understand her through her thinking. We are not privy to that in the show. If they were to just show her actions as written, I think that the character would be completely different than how we as readers interpret her.
46	ebevan91	2013-04-07	I don't think this broken website registered my post, so I'll post it again. The Tyrion-Shae scene was by far the worst scene of the episode.
47	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-07	Yes...I'm sure you speak for everyone who has read the books and watches the show.  I don't like the casting either.Given how many people glowed about Marg last week and are glowing about her this week, i can safely say, you are in the minority.
48	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I don't think this broken website registered my post, so I'll post it again. The Tyrion-Shae scene was by far the worst scene of the episode.Tyrion almost saved it but couldn't. They are trying to set things up but it's just coming off as cheesy and annoying possibly because of Shae's acting.Also Marg is a much more compelling and powerful character. I respect that everyone has their opinions but she's quite a good actress and ill respectfully disagree /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 07 April 2013 - 09:44 PM.
49	teemo	2013-04-07	Given how many people glowed about Marg last week and are glowing about her this week, i can safely say, you are in the minority.probably, but telling someone they're alone seems a little rude and inaccurate...
50	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	I enjoyed this episode better than last time. See? Without nude scenes squeezing in, we get to see more of our important characters on screen. I feel sorry for Theon. Cat scenes with Talisa, I don't buy it. Glad to see Arya, the Hound (for less than a minute), Jaime/Brienne, and the new additions to this season (BWB, QOT, and the Reeds).
51	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	I love everyone complaining about the fight like get over it. What did you expect? Jaime showed his smarts and skill Brienne showed her sheer power and equal skill... that's the point. And to make enough noise to get caught, Locke was pretty sweet I thought. 
Complain less life is easier that way.
52	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	I don't think this broken website registered my post, so I'll post it again. The Tyrion-Shae scene was by far the worst scene of the episode.Parts of it were from the book (after Tyrion is told he's to marry Sansa, I think).  Shea does say "You want her, this child?"  I don't remember the rest of it though
53	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Locke = Count Rugenhttp://www.wearyslot.../7120-15223.gif
54	ebevan91	2013-04-07	Parts of it were from the book (after Tyrion is told he's to marry Sansa, I think).  Shea does say "You want her, this child?"  I don't remember the rest of it though I think it's the actress portraying Shae. I've never liked her.
55	UnCleos	2013-04-07	Pretty disappointed this week.  Certain scenes like Shae&Tyrion, Shae&Sansa, Joffrey&Marg and Cat&Talisa (ugh) were real misses for me.  HBO writers taking too many liberties and trying to craft "Oh wow" scenes when they just fall flat.  The whole Joffrey hating Renly and homosexuals thing seemed VERY political and out of place.  And of course Cat's deviation was (as someone pointed out) simply trying to obtain sympathy for the RW.  George's world isn't black and white, that is why it is great.  Apparently the writers are not aware of this.
56	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	ok, just watched the Ricken/wolf scene again, and I was likely wrong /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
57	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	And you continue to be alone in this opinion.I love Marg. I love the casting. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Don't even want to THINK about that Cat scene right now, but can I say that I love the Reeds?
58	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-07	Tyrion almost saved it but couldn't. They are trying to set things up but it's just coming off as cheesy and annoying possibly because of Shae's acting.Also Marg is a much more compelling and powerful character. I respect that everyone has their opinions but she's quite a good actress and ill respectfully disagree /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Agree with everything you said.
59	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	I love everyone complaining about the fight like get over it. What did you expect? Jaime showed his smarts and skill Brienne showed her sheer power and equal skill... that's the point. And to make enough noise to get caught, Locke was pretty sweet I thought.Complain less life is easier that way.You speak the truth my friend. The fight scene was great.
60	DolorousKim	2013-04-07	I liked the episode, but not quite as much as last week's; I rated it a solid 7. What worked for me:Great introduction of the Queen of Thorns!  Dianna Rigg is going to be awesome in this role.  This scene made me appreciate Magaery more than I have up to this point as well.Also a great introduction of Thorros, I didn't even mind that he appears to be absorbing the role of Tom O' Sevens.  I predict that I am going to enjoy the show BWB as much as I did the book version.  And of course, it's always great to see the Hound again.I liked the Brienne vs. Jaime fight and didn't mind the switch up in circumstances from the book.  Gwendolyn Cristie kicks ass as Brienne, she was really convincing as a powerful swordswoman.I also enjoyed show Jojen a good deal more than book Jojen.  Ferb is going to acquit himself well in this role.What didn't work for me:The Cat and Talisa scene.  I think that the writers/producers went astray in this attempt to woobify Cat.  I also don't understand the outright hostility that show Cat is projecting towards Talisa; even book Cat doesn't hold Jeyne wholly responsible for Robb's decision to marry her, and is relatively kind to her.Not thrilled with show Dolorous Edd telling Sam that they left him behind because he was fat and slow and they wanted to live -- even if true, book Edd would have expressed himself in a kinder or at least a much more humorous way.What's with Rickon's just running off like that, why would they let him, and why would Summer leave Bran?  I don't think that the show is at all accurately or effectively depicting the nature of the bond between the Starks (and Jon Snow) and their direwolves.Everything else I was either neutral on or waiting to see more of before I form an opinion on .  Boy, the Producers sure weren't kidding when they said that Season 3 would be much more divergent from the books than the previous two seasons.  It remains to be seen if they will stay true to the spirit of the characters and major story lines or not.
61	sharkhawk	2013-04-07	Gave it a 9 would have done a 10 except for the Cat scene.
62	Turinqui-Calima	2013-04-07	I didn't like the episode at all. Most of it was just boring, but the scenes that stood out where the bad ones, namely Tyrion/Shae and, of course, Catelyn/Talisa. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  The only good scene was the Olenna scene and that was pretty much straight from the books.One thing I do enjoy a lot is the acting. Even when the writing is bad I love all the Joffrey scenes just because Jack is doing such a great job. Jaime and Brienne were great too.
63	Cubicz	2013-04-07	Nobody in their right mind will actually believe that Cat's treatment of Jon is directly responsible for the fate of her other children. This is certainly a change for Cat, but it's just grief and overreaction and grim reflection..My take on it is that Cat is trying to find a pattern in the chaos. Having lost people in my life, you start asking yourself questions. should i have done something different? is it my fault? It's not unheard of to have regrets in life, especially after the damage is done. Her husband, father, and maybe her children are dead and she's still here. Why? With that said, it's a major deviation from the book. Screen Cat is different from book Cat. The only commonality is that a large portion of fans dislike her in both incarnations.  At least they ended it with her saying she didn't keep her promise. If they had ended it with some crap like "if only I could see him again to say I'm sorry" , there would have been a table flipped in my house.
64	tito5601	2013-04-07	the part where ramsey says hes gonna help theonn im gonna like the theon storyline this season also the intro with bran, jon and robb was great
65	tito5601	2013-04-07	Locke = Count Rugenhttp://www.wearyslot.../7120-15223.gif his long lost twin brother
66	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	The only good scene was the Olenna scene and that was pretty much straight from the books.My husband loved that scene too and asked if it was from the books.  He can now spot which scenes are almost direct quotes because "they are so intense"  which says a lot about the quality of the rest of the writing. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />(We both still really like the show, we just know the GRRM scenes are the best)
67	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-07	I gave it an 8. It felt like there were so many things going on at once, but I thoroughly enjoyed practically every part. I thought the Sansa meeting the Queen of Thorns scene was a little rushed. Also, I thought they could have described the Reeds a little bit better. I bet non-book watchers are a little confused. The only part I didn't particularly care for was the Shae/Tyrion scene. Favorite part: the ending scenes--Arya's and Jaimie's. Most critics say things really pick up next episode so I can't wait!!!
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 07 April 2013 - 11:04 PM.
68	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-07	Very strong episode.  Loved the Reeds, Thoros, and especially the QoT.  Diana Rigg is perfect for the role as far as I'm concerned.  Theon's scenes were disturbing as they should have been - and "boy" looks like he'll be fantastic in his...future role.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Forgive me for not understanding all the consternation about the infamous character assassinating Cat scene.  Basically all she said was that she momentarily felt bad for wishing Jon dead and in her guilt thought she might be able to accept him among her own, and then when he got better, she went right back to business as usual.  Hardly a ruination of either book or show Cat.You may have missed the part where she indicates that only a mother can make one of those figures for their child..  I didn't miss it, and I doubt Godric did either.  The simple fact of the situation was that she wished ill on Jon and then he caught the pox.  A devoted believer in the supernatural (as Cat is) might believe her prayers had been answered, so to speak, and feel intense guilt in retrospect.  So she made the sevencatcher as a "motherly" gesture in a moment of doubt, then came to her senses once Jon recovered.As to her statement at the end to Talisa about this all being her fault, Azad's explanation above captures my opinion pretty well:My take on it is that Cat is trying to find a pattern in the chaos. Having lost people in my life, you start asking yourself questions. should i have done something different? is it my fault? It's not unheard of to have regrets in life, especially after the damage is done. Her husband, father, and maybe her children are dead and she's still here. Why?
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 07 April 2013 - 10:13 PM.
69	FSBA	2013-04-07	I assume her talk with Talisa was the character "assassination" scene some people have talked about. Honestly, I think it was a solid choice to add. It adds another level of depth to Cat and Jon's relationship. Cat. would have to be a sociopath not to feel some kind of remorse for Jon while he was on the brink of death. It also speaks to her rage about Jon that even after her "Come to Jesus" moment she went right back to hating him.
70	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	My take on it is that Cat is trying to find a pattern in the chaos. Having lost people in my life, you start asking yourself questions. should i have done something different? is it my fault? It's not unheard of to have regrets in life, especially after the damage is done. Her husband, father, and maybe her children are dead and she's still here. Why? With that said, it's a major deviation from the book. Screen Cat is different from book Cat. The only commonality is that a large portion of fans dislike her in both incarnations.  At least they ended it with her saying she didn't keep her promise. If they had ended it with some crap like "if only I could see him again to say I'm sorry" , there would have been a table flipped in my house.I agree completely and I don't think it's odd for a mother or parent to think that way. In fact I'd be surprised if you didn't. It's self torture but that's often how you react to such brutally depressing news.Character assassination? That's being a bit melodramatic.
71	NickSnow	2013-04-07	I gave it a 7/10. I don't know why I didn't like it as much as a lot of you guys did. I thought it was a bit slow, and it didn't feel as coherant as the previous episode. There were some good moments thought: Brienne and Jaime; Arya and the Brotherhood; Margaery, Sansa, and Olenna; and yes...I actually liked the Reeds. But there was one moment that i hated. CATELYN'S SCENE. Its not the actresses fault (I love the actress), but the writers decided to completely ruin her character. AACCK. God. I feel like Im not going ot care during the red wedding, because they are making Robb and Catelyn totally despicable and stupid. They nedd to develop both of them WAY MORE
72	modbelle	2013-04-07	I wish more things were developed this episode.  Sansa agreeing to tell the Tyrells about Joffrey felt a little rushed especially since this was pretty much her first scene with Margery.  So while the nods of encouragement were wonderful, it didn't seem to make sense why she would all of a sudden trust the Tyrells and confess Joffrey's treatment to her even though Margery was to marry Joffrey.  Really feel like Margery needed to spend some time trying to befriend Sansa first.  Also, the BWB introduction and Arya felt incredibly rushed, especially since the Hound was introduced so quickly afterwards.  Hope they go back and sort of explain BWB better. IDK, this is the second episode and Arya's storyline was given so little time, I almost feel like it's meant to be a really down played this season and take the back burner.  That said, it's still early on so, I hope it will be better flushed out.  Conclusion: overall complaint is some storylines feeling rushed in this episode.
Margery though felt like a real player in the game.  I particularly liked how in the Sansa scene it is said Margery's father wants her to become queen, and which explains book!Sansa think Margery more a pawn when really Margery has ambition in the show (aka a pov character misreading another character).  Also, Margery dealing with a possibly very dangerous situation with Joffrey, and outmanuevering him.  Cersei's lose of power is fantastic to watch.  Jaime and his weakness in fighting after the imprisionment and real happiness to do it, while the overall idea that he really would kill Brienne to get away is magnificient to watch really.
ETA: I gave it 5/10.  If it was another show I would have given it a 7/10, but GoT I expect more from.
					
					
							Edited by modbelle, 07 April 2013 - 10:31 PM.
73	Ser Graymax	2013-04-07	saved by the bell or in this case, the last 10 minutes or so.  The rest was too rushed with too much crammed into too many short scenes.  A 7 at best.  The Vikings were actually better this week.
as for Dormer, I could just watch her for the hour and be happy.
74	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I wish more things were developed this episode.  Sansa agreeing to tell the Tyrells about Joffrey felt a little rushed especially since this was pretty much her first scene with Margery.  So while the nods of encouragement were wonderful, it didn't seem to make sense why she would all of a sudden trust the Tyrells and confess Joffrey's treatment to her even though Margery was to marry Joffrey.  Really feel like Margery needed to spend some time trying to befriend Sansa first.  Also, the BWB introduction and Arya felt incredibly rushed, especially since the Hound was introduced so quickly afterwards.  Hope they go back and sort of explain BWB better. IDK, this is the second episode and Arya's storyline was given so little time, I almost feel like it's meant to be a really down played this season and take the back burner.  That said, it's still early on so, I hope it will be better flushed out.In the novels it happens the same way. She never meets Marg or QoT before that lunch and she is talked into it quite quickly. Short of having a 15 minute scene to build trust I don't know how this could be done differently.
75	WesterosGypsy	2013-04-07	I would give it a 6....  The scene with Shae/Tyrion was downright awful.  It completely lacked emotion and wasn't convincing at all.  Same could be said about the scene with Cat/Talisa.  And I can't imagine Cersei allowing Joffrey to talk to her like that... 
The rest of the episode wasn't too bad.
76	Ser Farbod	2013-04-07	6, One of my least favorite episodes so far.  Several unnecessary scenes.  The Shae/Tyrion scene and the Margery/Joffrey scene just seemed like a waste of time.  I didnt mind the Cat scene as much as I thought I would.  This episode just seemed more like a bunch of set up scenes.  Nothing really happened.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 07 April 2013 - 10:39 PM.
77	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Maybe I should have upgraded to an 8 for Anguy's "Yo, I'mma shoot dis arrow in the sky, and if you don't move ya fat ass by the time I'm done talkin', you gonna be dead"That was awesome.Indeed, happy that you posted about it, because was one of my favorite moments on the episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes...I'm sure you speak for everyone who has read the books and watches the show.  I don't like the casting either.probably, but telling someone they're alone seems a little rude and inaccurate...I'm in the group (like you)  that don't like her as Mag, and I think that considering that many people here likes and deslikes some of the casting I think you're right to point out that we should not criticize anyone here about this kind of comment, they are personal opinions, period. I also find painful the performance of the actress that plays Shae, but that doen't mean that she's bad, only that she is bad IMO for this character. That's the same feeling that I have about Dormer, specially because I didn't pictured Mag while reading the books as she portrays her.
78	modbelle	2013-04-07	In the novels it happens the same way. She never meets Marg or QoT before that lunch and she is talked into it quite quickly. Short of having a 15 minute scene to build trust I don't know how this could be done differently.The thing is I remember buying it in the novel, maybe partially because it was in Sansa's pov.  But in the show, it just felt weird for her to be agreeing to tell Margery these things.  I feel like the show would have benefitted from a set up scene even though the book didn't need it.  One of the people I watch the show with has never read the books and they were scratching their heads about why Sansa would do something like that.
79	A Winters Summer	2013-04-07	I liked it better than the first actually. Really liked the Bran and Reeds scenes, the best in the episode IMO. As for Rickon running off, I assumed he was just running ahead of the group or going to do whatever Rickon does (playing, gathering berries or plants, ect). He'll be back whanever we see Bran again I think. Cat scene was a little weird but doesn't bother me nor do I think it will ruin Cats character. I truly believe the Shae and Tyrion scene could have been left out. The warging scene was great with Orell. I just hope they do not deviate from BloodRaven later in the series.
8 of 10
80	Kasrith	2013-04-07	Epic!
81	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	7 and I'm being generous. I'm usually one of the show fanboys, but wow, what a letdown from last week. The editing was really off this week(I think Benioff and Weiss did it themselves, and it didn't seem to mesh well at all). This was the weakest episode of the entire series, IMO(yes, even weaker than The Kingsroad). Oh, and get rid of Vanessa Taylor. I'm generally fine with invented scenes, but I felt there were far too many this week, with only a handful being similar to the books.
Cons:
-Theon's torture was a major letdown for me. Not because I didn't find it gruesome, but it was just shot in such a way that it felt far too corny and even borderline comical. Alfie Allen is a good actor, but his acting really bugged me this episode
-Margaery/Joffrey scene was largely pointless. While they could have still left it in, they should have saved it for a later episode.
-NO BARRISTAN/DAENERYS? I'm not one that's itching to see Dany each week, but the ending to last week was just begging for a resolution.
-Ramsay. Not nearly creepy enough. Granted, he only had about 2 lines though, so I'll hold judgment
-I'd be fine with the Cat monologue, had she not blamed the woes of the Starks on her not loving Jon. That didn't really make sense.
-Swordfight was disappointing. I liked how Jaime freed himself so quickly, but the fighting was pretty clunky all around. Nothing compared to the fantastic Ned/Jaime fight from season 1.
-Tyrion/Shae felt too long. Sibel Kekilli's line delivery still bothers me. It just feels too wooden, and the pair didn't have much chemistry in this particular scene.
-Minor nitpicking, but the NW's march to Craster's Keep would have been far more effective if it was done at night.
Pros:
-Michelle Fairley absolutely killed in this episode. Wow. Yes, the monologue was confusing, but she delivered it really well
-First Brienne/Jaime scene was good
-Really liked Paul Kaye as Thoros
-Olenna isn't completely like her character in the books, but I can understand the change, given that it would appear too similar to Maggie Smith's Downton Abbey character.
-"Yeah,we left ya. You're fat and you're slow, and we didn't want to die"-Oh, Dolorous Edd, I love you so much
-I liked how they showed Karstark's growing dissent, and mentioned the negative effects of Robb marrying Talisa
-Yay for warging! Yay for backstory on Howland Reed and Robert's Rebellion
-Liked the Reeds' introduction. Also, direwolves look great
Stray observations:
-What was up with Ciaran Hinds' accent this week? Is he a part of the Aidan Gillen Revolving Accents Club?
-Is it just me or has Sophie Turner gained a teeny weeny bit of weight? I mean that in a good way.
-Wow, the Stark kids look so much older.
-Are we still getting Sam killing the WW?
-Joe Dempsie has been added to the main cast. So I'm assuming he's getting a more prominent role, if he is going to take the part of Edric Storm.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 07 April 2013 - 10:57 PM.
82	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	The thing is I remember buying it in the novel, maybe partially because it was in Sansa's pov.  But in the show, it just felt weird for her to be agreeing to tell Margery these things.  I feel like the show would have benefitted from a set up scene even though the book didn't need it.  One of the people I watch the show with has never read the books and they were scratching their heads about why Sansa would do something like that.The problem is they don't have an unlimited amount of scenes to express a simple concept, which is that Sansa appears to admire Marg and Olenna's so brutally honest and forward even about her own family that she seems trustworthy. Not to mention Sansa is looking for friends like her and has likely been dying to tell someone desperately how awful Joffrey is.
83	Kasrith	2013-04-07	The thing is I remember buying it in the novel, maybe partially because it was in Sansa's pov.  But in the show, it just felt weird for her to be agreeing to tell Margery these things.  I feel like the show would have benefitted from a set up scene even though the book didn't need it.  One of the people I watch the show with has never read the books and they were scratching their heads about why Sansa would do something like that.I felt it was epic. Showed how fragile and messed up she is over her King's Landing experience and how cautious she is about opening her mouth. The fact that she couldn't hold it in goes to show how close to a boiling point she was all along, it didn't take much for a little girl to finally greave over her father and the abuse she received from her betrothed.
84	Winterz	2013-04-07	I feel this episode served to introduce characters and develop the plot to the eventual most important outcomes. I gave it a 7 because of the lack of action.
85	Words of Winter	2013-04-07	Wit the exception of 
	Spoiler butterbumps
 the QoT, Sansa scene was almost word for word from the book.  Loved it.  The Cat/Talisa dialogue was, WTF, bad.  I'm sorry. Just bad and too divergent from books and it showed.
Edit
The Arya scene was weak.  She came out and said her grandfather was a lord.  She keeps that close the vest.
The Shae/Tyrion scene was also weak, but I sort of see where they're going with it.
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 07 April 2013 - 11:18 PM.
86	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	True. But like, its pretty gnarly for those of us who know whats going on here. It is leaving non-readers rather baffled. (like my mum thought it was someone related to Theon who set this up. Like his dad or something. Poor mum..lol)They just...have no idea how fucked up Ramsay is.This is what I'm worried about. I have a feeling Theon's arc this season is going to confuse the hell out of a lot of viewers.BTW, if you seperate books from the show, Cat's monologue would have worked, IF it weren't for that last line. If Cat did feel guilty about the war, you would think that it had to do with arresting Tyrion or freeing Jaime, rather than not loving Jon. Unloved Jon has nothing to do with Ned's death, Sansa being a captive, or Bran and Rickon's "deaths." I'm still hoping that we get a reconciliation between Robb and Cat.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 07 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
87	Chuck88	2013-04-07	I might be alone in this but I think Alfie Allen was exceptional during his scenes. His screams - holy s**t.
Thoros of Myr is an immediate hit as well. No idea why he was singing the Rains of Castemere but ah well.
The scene with Olenna was good, the Reeds seem cool, Jaime and Brienne's scenes were decent, although I hate the noise Gwendoline Christie makes when she fights.
I actually liked Catelyn's monologue. Some people seem to think she has now decided she likes Jon Snow. Just because she didn't want him to die, doesn't mean she all of a sudden sees her as one of her own. She even said so herself. A change, yes. But hardly 'character assassination.'
I thought the scenes in the north were a little dull this week, but it's all building to something I suppose.
Really couldn't give a shit about the exclusion of butterbumps or the bear and maiden fair or any of that. To have Sansa opening up in such an emotional the way as she did with someone prancing around in the background would just be absurd.
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 07 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
88	BananaSpice	2013-04-07	This is what I'm worried about. I have a feeling Theon's arc this season is going to confuse the hell out of a lot of viewers.I think it will for sure since viewers tend to not know names (i.e. "Bolton"??? who?? lol) ... but personally, oh well, I want to see more Theon/Alfie, so I'm pleased so far.
89	Chuck88	2013-04-07	This is what I'm worried about. I have a feeling Theon's arc this season is going to confuse the hell out of a lot of viewers.I think it's just a case of wait and see and it will all make sense. Not that Ramsay is a very logical man. Theon is as confused as anyone right now, the viewer is truly in his shoes.
90	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-07	Man this has to be one of the most polarizing episodes ever! Opinions are all over the place.
91	madprofessah	2013-04-07	I gave episode 302 and 8/10. Which I think is definitely better than the first episode, which was basically a travelogue.I don't understand why the writers are adding more stuff when they have way more material than they can ever use?Although stuff that they added that worked (scene between Margaery and Joffrey was great).Weird mentions of homosexuality (which hardly ever comes up in the books). Having Joffrey want to have the death penalty for homosexuality just adds to my dislike of hi,. I think the actor is doing amazing work at making his character absolutely odious. And Jaime's crack "If the iron throne was made of cocks Renly would never get off it"was hysterically funny(and I'm a gay man mjyself!)Hey if they're gonna torture Theon why not make him naked too? /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Oh Arya!I don't hate the Shae scenes exactly but they are definitely not good.I don't understand why the producers feel they need to give Talisa more screen time...The Sansa scene with the QueenofThorns was fabulous. I thought Sophie Turner (Sansa) did a fine job.I agree that there seems o be something slightly off about the scenes with Jon and Sam. Jojen Reed was he best thing about the episode, I think.
92	Bran's Legs	2013-04-07	Just some random thoughts...
1. Marg is a dangerous girl. Love her character.
2. So glad to see the Hound. One of my favorite characters of the show.
3. Hot Pie needs more screen time!
4. Are Rickon and Osha along for the ride for good?
5. Arya has put on some weight. Will make her character and transformation to a ninja assassin more believable.
6. Bran is old. What happened to that cute little boy? lol
7. Could have done w/out Shae getting jealous about Sansa. That was a little lame. One second she's worried about her; next second she is jealous of her b/c Tyrion remarks that she's pretty. WTF? Out of character for someone who has been portrayed as pragmatic.
8. Kingslayer/Brienne fight scene was pretty good.
9. As others have noted, Kingslayer's joke about Renly and the throne was the best line of the episode.
10. QofT had a nice scene. Bring me my cheese!
11. Summer looking badass when Jojen Reed appeared was probably my favorite scene of the episode.
12. Bran is so big that Hodor can't carry him.
13. I really wanted to see a shadow cat. When the heck am I going to see a shadow cat?!
14. Jojen saying he saw what happened during the Rebellion was interesting for, well, you know why. Does Jojen know who Jon Stark's mother is?
15. Hodor
EDITED TO ADD MORE THOUGHTS
16. No real problem with Cat talking about Jon Snow. I already thought Cat was annoying, so whatever.
17. Theon stuff was great.
18. Karstark talking about Robb's wife was ... interesting.
19. Loved all the Brotherhood scenes.
20. The map at the beginning of the episode seems a little off scale. Is this just me?
					
					
							Edited by Bran's Legs, 07 April 2013 - 11:19 PM.
93	Noelle Snow	2013-04-07	I knew people would hate the Jon Snow scene, but I don't see why exactly. It didnt change Catelyn, it reinforced that she could never love Jon no matter what.Thank you! I thought it was actually a pretty great scene.
94	Sour Alyn	2013-04-07	Mediocre episode at best.  Were it not for that last scene between Jaime and Brienne, I would have considered this the weakest episode out of all three seasons.  That scene between Tyrion and Shae was forced, and completely out of place.  And it appears that the show really wants to soften Catelyn just a little bit, to make her seem just a little bit less of a b**** to Jon Snow.  I don't like it at all.  That is changing her character.
95	kephv	2013-04-07	I gave it 7 and actually felt it deserved it, where with the last episode I felt I was being generous. Overall, the first two episodes were a bit disappointing, but still a decent start to the season. As for the Cat scene, I wouldn't call it assassination, if only because they reduced her long ago to a simple worried mother character. That she would want to mother Jon isn't so surprising then, though even for the setting it makes no sense (are they going to have her be the one to convince Robb to name Jon his heir then?).
96	Fuse Prime	2013-04-07	Ehhh...it was a little slow.  I understand it's setting up for a roller coaster of awesome, but I feel like the pacing kind of sucks. I know there's a lot of characters, but I feel like if they had 4 people focused on one episode, then another four on another, etc. instead of eight 7-minute scenes the show would feel better.
					
					
							Edited by fuseprime, 07 April 2013 - 11:30 PM.
97	Corvinus	2013-04-07	10/10 just because of the Queen of Thorns and the mention of Howland Reed.
Catetlyn's scene with what's her name could have been much worse, but thankfully it wasn't.
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 07 April 2013 - 11:31 PM.
98	Bran's Legs	2013-04-07	What's with Rickon's just running off like that, why would they let him, and why would Summer leave Bran?  I don't think that the show is at all accurately or effectively depicting the nature of the bond between the Starks (and Jon Snow) and their direwolves.I don't think Rickon was running off for good. At least, that's the impression I got. I think he was just running around like a little kid would do or something.
99	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-07	Only scene I didn't like was Shae/Tyrion.  Tv Margaery, to me, is far more interesting and convincing than the book version. Love that casting, and Sophie Turner was great as well.  Can't believe I'm liking Sansa, because I hated her in the books.
Don't get the hate for the Catelyn "change".  She acknowledged that she basically hated him the entire time in Winterfell, and couldn't live up to the promises she made to the gods to spare his life.  She's seeing her entire family fall apart, feels guilty, and blames herself.  To the extent it's a change, it's not a huge one except, I think, to readers who were really angry at how she treated Jon.   But at this point in the narrative, isn't her past treatment of Jon kind of a moot point?  Jon's certainly got more on his mind than how Catelyn treated him....
100	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	Jon's certainly got more on his mind than how Catelyn treated him....Yeah, but Cat doesn't know that. Also, if Robb dies, the only son left would be Jon, the one she didn't love. That's the whole "punishment" for her.Anyway, speaking of Sansa and Margaery, Sansa looks so... coulourless and plain around her. I hope that's intentional.-Is it just me or has Sophie Turner gained a teeny weeny bit of weight? I mean that in a good way.She hasn't. But either she has gotten broader shoulders (which is normal for her age, as she's still growing) or her costumes are making her look broader in the shoulders area. I think it's the latest, as she doesn't look that broad in normal clothes.
					
					
							Edited by gammaerys, 07 April 2013 - 11:47 PM.
101	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I liked the episode at lot.  Catelyn only feels/felt that she ought to have been Jon's mother out of pure jealousy, not out of any affection for him.  There isn't any love or affection and never was.  She only felt guilty because it's pure evil to wish death upon an innocent baby and she knows it.  Her continued hate for him after he healed is proof.  The only reason that the is feeling guilt now is because she is heartbroken and fearful about the fate of her children, not that it is really her fault, but she is superstitious.
I loved Gendry giving Arya grief over her three choices.  Classic.  It's what everyone has always said.
It looks as if they've merged Thoros and Tom's characters into one.  I won't bitch about it because I understand why.
Liked Orell, he looked pretty much how I expected, except for the white eyeballs.
Jaime and Brienne were awesome.
Felt bad for my Sam. Love Edd.
I forgot to add, Lady Oleana was awesome!  I loved the way Margaery is playing Joffrey.  Me thinks Joffrey protests a bit much about his uncles "perversions".
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 08 April 2013 - 12:23 AM.
102	A Man Has Said	2013-04-08	The whole Talisa story is intrusive, IMO. Once again the writing is servicing the actors instead of the story (as Elio "Ran" describes it.)
Also as Ran describes, unlike the book, if you 'scratch the paint off' the characters to get at their motivation, it rings true in the book. Sometimes not in the show. I don't think they're handling Roose very well.
I heard somewhere (another Ran clip?) that GRRM discussed 'the butterfly effect' with the show runners. All these little changes they're making are going to make it harder and harder to stay consistent to the novels as they add up. My fear is that by books 6 and 7 they'll be separate products.
103	Titan	2013-04-08	Hmm... I have to give this episode a 6. (I gave the last one an 8)
All scenes were ok, but few stood out - only two great scenes stood out:
+ Brans initial dream was great, and the callbacks to the pilot episode 
+ I also thought the Joffrey/Margaery scene was great
Otherwise most of the scenes were just quick shortcuts to get the characters into the places needed for the real meat of the season to start. And a lot of forest encounters. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Oh, one more thing. I *REALLY* like Kaye(?) as Thoros of Myr. I'm looking forward to seeing more of him.
104	greatgeek	2013-04-08	Thoros and Tom are merged because Thoros sings a song? I'm not buying it.
105	int11	2013-04-08	What I loved --------------
The Brotherhood. The portrayals of Thoros and Anguy were especially interesting. Sansa's conversation with Margaery and the Queen of Thorns was also very good.
What I didn't like / didn't get --------------
The pacing felt a bit rushed at the beginning. Theon's introduction should probably have been delayed a bit further. The torture scene wasn't too effective, and Alfie seemed to hold back this episode. I didn't get the scene between Shae and Tyrion. And while I haven't complained about Shae before, lately I've started to cringe every time she opens her mouth. I had heard about Cat's scene and was seriously worried, but it didn't turn out all that bad.
Some bad stuff  -----------
- The line "You never seen a warg before?" by Ygritte and "Where were you this time?" by Mance.
- "Of course, if you don't stop ... you'll probably die too" -- D. Edd.
Disclaimer: I don't mind change, and I might change my mind.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 08 April 2013 - 12:28 AM.
106	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	I give it a 6; not bad, but not particularly good either. Too many storylines not given enough time all crammed into one episode with not really much happening. I liked the Queen of Throns, liked Thoros (who I think they're merging with Tom), liked Jaime and Brienne's interactions, and liked the introduction of the Reeds. Still, not all that much actually transpired other than Arya being outed by the Hound and Jaime and Brienne fighting. 
Still, nothing stood out as being bad either, so 6 is appropriate. Hope the next episode is better.
107	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-08	It's tough to rank any Game of Thrones episode below a 7 by average TV standards, but I'd say this was a really satisfying episode(if still having a bit of that season premiere feel to it)
108	Arrow	2013-04-08	Someone earlier in this thread said something about Tyrion and Sansa marrying??? I don't recall seeing that in the TV show... confusing... I'm not rabid about spoilers, but now I feel like I missed something, somewhere along the way. Did I?A small thing but noticeable: two people got knocked down a peg or two this week - Cersei and Arya. Joffrey is like an ugly little monster who's outgrowing his handler - he put Cersei in her place and let her know he's just about done with her controlling manipulating guiding him, and Arya got her sword knocked out of her hand - serving notice that she'd better step up her game if she's going to make her late, great dancing teacher proud of her.EDIT: Forgot there will be book spoilers on some forums.
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 08 April 2013 - 12:50 AM.
109	Stark Winds	2013-04-08	It's tough to rank any Game of Thrones episode below a 7 by average TV standards, but I'd say this was a really satisfying episode(if still having a bit of that season premiere feel to it)I feel the same way! I liked the Cat scene. How else would she mourn over the possible loss of her sons but feeling guilty? She did leave Bran before he woke, and has been feeling bad for it since forever. The fact that she told the story about Jon just shows the extent of how much she really wanted to have a whole, intact family, which she never had in the beginning, and will never now (and of course the feeling guilty that she could not get over the fact that Jon was not her son). The Red Wedding is going to be just so much more heartbreaking. I also love the scene between Margaery and Joffrey. He just seems so confused around her ahaha.And why my dear Reeds. You just had to have the most badass entrance? I do agree that there were some unnecessary scenes, like the Tyrion/Shae one. Although it was cute, I feel like they could have done something a bit more...useful? I loved all the Arya parts though. Overall, a solid 7.
110	Hoo	2013-04-08	I loved this episode and gave it a 9, just because I'm a hard grader. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
I missed Arya and I am glad her character is picking up.  Arya scenes are always active and exciting, take interesting twists and highlight great characters.
Margery /Joffrey dynamic is developing nicely.  That cream cheese on lemon cake made me hungry. :-)  That was a great refreshing conversation with the grandma.
Jamie and Brienne scenes were great.  I expected to Brienne to knock Jamie unconscious and drag him to the woods, but oh well.
Not much going on beyond the wall, I'm glad they kept that short.
I also noticed that the Imp scene was off, perhaps because Shea did not deliver.  Nonetheless, I like all their scnes and I am a fan of Shea.
I liked the Cat scene too, albeit Tulisa's character is boring.
Great fun episode.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 08 April 2013 - 01:09 AM.
111	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	This, this was the season opener. I had a good feeling about this episode from the 30 second shot of Jaime, Brienne, and 'the Throne of cocks', and I rarely have good feelings /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Mance was better, starting to make him greater.Queen of Thorns was terrific. Just pure amazing.Joff and Margery were excellent.Bran and Jojen were great.Jaime and Brienne were just amazing.Theon and his 'helper' was pure win.*Arya threatening the BWB was very booklike, which my Puritan friend immensely enjoyed.*Arya, the Hound, and the BWB was exceptional, moves the story along perfectly.*Tyrion and Shae, yes, slowed it down, but I didn't pay it any mind, especially since it nods at Tyrion's perversions to Sansa in the book. Similar to the nose last episode, I thought. That said, I enjoyed it.I even liked Catelyn. Why?They are "nicing up" Cat to make people feel worse later this season. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Notice how Robb seems like a chump, arguing amongst his subordinates, compared to ASOS? They're switching the pity roles, imoEdit: Added more favorite scenes.Everything about this episode was what should open the series, so I'm dubbing the last episode as Season 2.5, and this as Season 3.I'm extremely disappointed there is no number above 10 to vote for, so I'll make due with 10.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 08 April 2013 - 01:29 AM.
112	Words of Winter	2013-04-08	The trailer really made me pumped, but I was let down by the episode itself. I gave ep-1 an 8, with definite 9 potential.  I give this one a 6.The Cat scene went off the rails when she mentioned how she may have caused the whole war.  I could accept the changes in her character up until that point. It was like a train wreck, then cut scene.Arya should not have been so upfront with the, 'my grandpappy's the Lord of Riverrun' and then have Hot Pie react in the Inn when he hears about the Stark B* from the Hound. Something like "f* me, a Stark" with his mouth agape in astonishment.The duel was more about technique than a brawl, eh, whatever.The Sam scene was weak.  I agree with a previous poster that they should have made it at night or even maybe dawn.  He was exhausted, but I didn't really didn't feel that while watching.Shae, Shae, what can I say?  If they want me to believe Shae is only a whore (sic), I am beginning to see it because her lines are so awful that it could only be good acting in, well, porn.  I've tried not to assassinate the actor's character in the past, but the lines and  her performance are cringe worthy and lacking and are actually getting  worse.  This is GoT. Surely you can kill her already and get her off the set.That said - I give the ep a 6 and hope not to be to let down in the future.
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 08 April 2013 - 01:26 AM.
113	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	Loved it. Lots of book deviations but oh well. 9/10
The Cat & Talisa scene was a bloody disaster. As was the Shae and Tyrion one.
QoT was just awesome. I adore Ellie Kendrick as Meera and Jojen came across like young-Voldemort in the HP movies at first. Although, I think his dynamic with Bran will be cool.
Natalie Dormer was amazing again.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 08 April 2013 - 01:33 AM.
114	Cory	2013-04-08	I liked the bran scenes would that they could've been longer, loved the Sansa scene. Though they cut out my favorite song and the potential marriage (they also cut out ser dontos bit) and whats up with ser Loras not being KG? Kinda important. Loved the hound/arya adaptation. 
Still no Sam the slayer, nor obsidian (also crucial information) moreover the Jaimie Brienne fight scene was awful! She does not make him look like a child with a rattle seriously unimpressed gave a 7
115	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	I was reading stuff on here before I saw the episode, and I set my expectations really low, so I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the episode. Some things could have been done better, sure, by overall it was great and I prefered it a lot over the first episode.
Thoros isn't anywhere close to how I imagined him, but I still like him.
I was surprised by how much I liked the Joff and Marg scenes.
I felt a twinge of nerdiness because of how excited I got when they mentioned Howland Reed.
I also think that we may actually see Mace Tyrell in the show at some point, due to how much the QoT mentioned him.
A great 9/10 for me. A lot better than I thought. I also didn't hate the Cat scene as much as I thought I would, and I'm one that hates nearly every deviation. I still cringe whenever Talisa speaks though. I hope she is at the RW.
I also loved hearing Edmure's name get mentioned for some reason. I'm very excited to see the Tullys. The Jaime/Brienne fight was poorly directed though, and was very underwhelming. Jaime's comments in the whole episode were great though.
116	Mladen	2013-04-08	This episode was great, with few flaws, but nothing too important1. Bran - touching scene at beginning, nice introduction of Reeds, all in all nicely executed arc2. Cersei/Joffrey - like the scene, but nothing special3. Sansa/QOT - This was amazing, and I don`t know who was better - Sophie as Sansa or Dame Diana as QOT. Perfection4. Catelyn scenes - OMG, this is either dealbreaker or something absolutely beautiful. And I have to say I am torn. IMO, this wasn`t done so people could sympathize with Cat, it`s more to show her as a mother - I couldn`t love motherless child. It`s so great on one level, and so disasterous on another5. Joffrey/Margaery - Forshadowing  
	Spoiler Purple wedding
 I genuinly enjoyed this scene. Especially its end6. NW and Wildings - Nothing special, and I have to admit I dislike the use of `I forbid you to die` line so early.7. Arya - Like it, especially her confidence and strength mixed with fear and newly founded powerlessness. Also enjoyed Sandor`s appearence8. Tyrion/Shae - this was amazing. I am sorry but I missed classic Tyrion humor.9. Brienne/Jaime - these two have something. I don`t know exactly what it is, but it`s good.10. Theon - almost forgot it. This is just an intro to a very promising storyarcAll in all, great episode, I like they are cutting the storylines from each episodes. We haven`t seen Dany or Stannis, and honestly I like it better this way. All congratulations on acting goes to Dame Diana Rigg, Sophie Turner, Michelle Fairley and Thomas Brodie-Sangster.
117	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	A solid 9! Queen of Thorns was awesome, so were Jaime and Brienne. The much hyped Cat character assasination monologue was actually very good, and Shae playing jealous was nice.
	Spoiler For a while there it looked like Jojen was about to drop R+L=J hints... but he didn't /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />

Also...
	Spoiler I think Tywin will be a lot more familiar with that crossbow than he would like, by the end of Season 4

What keeps it from a 10 is...
	Spoiler Vargo/Locke... Y U NO LISP?
118	Esa1996	2013-04-08	Gave it a 9/10. One of the best GoT episodes ever.
I didn't like lady Olenna's dress. She looks too much like a septa. Otherwise she was great. Better than I expected after the reviews etc. Really liked Thoros as a character. All of the BWB scenes were great. Grenn/Edd/Sam scene was awesome too.
Worst scene in the episode? Cat talking about Jon Snow.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't interesting and it went pretty far away from the books.
I dislike Mance. He looks old and grumpy. Tormund looks like Tormund but he's gotten too few lines at the moment.
					
					
							Edited by Esa1996, 08 April 2013 - 01:51 AM.
119	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-04-08	I gave this one an 8....I tried really hard to watch it as someone who hadn't read the books so the changes didn't bother me as much this time around but the Cat thing was pretty weird.
120	Eira Seren	2013-04-08	So, yeah, it's a significant change.Moreover, you literally have her taking the view that maybe this is all her fault. Those who are inclined to believe that, either through latent misgoyny, a lack of empathy, or a preference for simplistic narratives, are just going to latch onto it. That's not what I think the writers expected, but it's what they're going to get.you called it.  i wasn't fond of Cat's going on and on, i see that they're trying to make us more sympathetic at some point, but this is one of those moments where i wonder why when they wrote it, they didn't anticipate other ways it could go.i gave the episode an 8 because i enjoyed meeting Jojen, he comes across as more assertive than i imagined he would be.  i also thought oleanna tyrell was fantastic (she reminds me of my grandma), and i really liked thoros.  also, the look ygritte gives Jon, 'you haven't met a warg?'and jack gleason, always fantastic.  how he manages to create a character we love to hate - more and more- every week is pretty amazing.
121	Holdfast	2013-04-08	Better episode than last week.  Gave it a 7/10.
Nice to see the Hound again, have been looking forward to his storyline this season.  Really hoping the show does it justice.
Bran and Reed scenes seemed flat and undeveloped to to me - such an important storyline but their meeting seemed lik an anti-climax to me - and Bran just seems to fall into place with things, no real questions asked about their purpose beyond surface queries.
Thought Lady Olenna was spot-on.
Not so keen on the Margaery-Joffrey and Tyrion-Shae scenes - didn't feel it really added anything to the episode.
Still undecided about the Cat scene with her memories of Jon.
Overall, liked the pacing better in this episode.
122	Leia	2013-04-08	Great episode, 8/10.
I was ecstatic when I saw there would be no Dany, Stannis and Melisandre in this episode. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
I must say I'm pretty satisfied with Anguy but I pictured Thoros a bit differently. He has yet to prove himself in my eyes.
It was great seeing Sandor, Jaime and Theon. Nice scenes.
Oh and loved the Olenna scene as well, Diana Rigg is brilliant.
123	_Oberyn_	2013-04-08	8. Good episode. Some pointless stuff and the Reeds intro was underwhelming but the Bastards intro was good.
124	lannistergold	2013-04-08	Loved the Cat scene. Theon, Sansa, Bran, Arya: all good. Indifferent about Marge and Joffrey. The only bit I really disliked was Shae.
125	MysteryNinja	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8, one better than the opening episode.
The good: I loved the introduction of Olenna Tyrell, and the Reeds. Loved Jaime and Brienne scenes. The meeting between Joffrey and Margaery also stood out for me, great acting and good played out tension.
The bad: Catelyn! How can they make her say such things /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  -  at this rate she's going to think the RW is a just punishment for her being alive.
The rest: all around good scenes with good dynamics (maybe with the exception of Tyrion/Shae but I fear personal dislike colors me too much to stay critical here), hence the up in rating
126	Ser Creighton	2013-04-08	Not really a fan of the episode, I didn't love or hate it, so I gave it a five. Not sure why the hate for the Cat scene, I didn't like it but I can understand the logic in her train of thought. What really preplexed me was why they even shot it, didn't really feel like it was needed. They complain about having to much material to shoot but keep making up scenes and cutting out meterial.I get why they do it sometimes but sometimes they just don't need to do it. Same for Tyrion this week, I like the Dink and he is a hell of an actor, but that was by far the worst scene I have seen in the series, the acting was flat and the writing boardered on a sitcom.
Thought Sophie Turner was excellent this week, and her scene with the Queen of thornes was pretty much pitch perfect. Love the fact that she got across that she would never have said anything, but they brought up her father and you can catch that flash of anger. Once that was out there was no point in her holding back.
I love the cat and mouse game Marg is playing with Joff, and the fact Joff has no clue he is the mouse, Jack was once again outstanding. I think the woman playing Marg is doing a good job, considering she does not really fit the part. I always found her annoying in the books and here she still annoys me, not really in a bad way though.
Thought the fight with Jamie and Bree needed more build up, and would have liked to have seen the two actors more this week, but god forbid the Dink is not in an episode. Also would have prefered a closer adaptation from the books. The fight in the books had more tension, frustration and anger, it also felt a little like some strange form of... for lack of a better word, flirting. Also she beat Jamie way to easily, it boardered on humiliation. That fight ends up setting up some common respect between the two and not one person destroying the other. They became much more like peers because of that fight. In this case it felt like HBO was changing Brees name to little miss Mary Sue.
The Reeds, what a waste, they skipped the intro so we could see Dink get a an old fashioned. As a reader of the books I know who those characters are like the back of my hand. But for the people who have not read the books, they saw two total strangers, from god knows where, walk up and all of a sudden they are just going with Bran. Who are they? Why are they there? How did they find Bran? What is there purpose? Nothing it was just like hey we're going with you.
Jon Snow. When are they going to actually put Jon on the show? He is about as pivitol a character as you will find in the series and his story is by and large abscent from the show.
You know take out the very unnecessary and pointless Cat and Dink scenes and you could of had more Bree and Jamie, more Jon, more Arya and the Merry Men, and and actually introduce the Reeds, that was a pure hack job. Also Reek is better as a surprise but this should be an intresting journey to watch. Get rid of the added scenes and the show is going to flow betten and you will get a little more time with the none Tyrion characters to develop their stories and characters.
I thought Sansa and the Queen saved the show this week from being a total mess. It was all over the place, had horrible pacing and just about every actor not playing Tyrion is getting cut short by a lack of time and development. It's a 5, all five belonging to Sophie and Jack.
127	Turin Turambar	2013-04-08	9.
Thoros, Jojen and Meera are well-casted. Theon is in for a (painful) surprise next episode. Nice foreshadowing with that crossbow /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
The only downside was Catelyn's scene with Robb's wife.
					
					
							Edited by Turin Turambar, 08 April 2013 - 02:36 AM.
128	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	AWESOME episode, despite the fact that most characters in it seemed to be travelling somewhere.
High point: no nudity! Funny thing, but the show feels a lot maturer when there's no need to for gratuituos nakedness /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Things I loved: Looks like most people didn't like Cat talking about Jon, but it's always nice to delve deeper into their complex relationship. The Reeds were awesome (even though Meera looks a bit like Yara and I wonder if any nonreaders will get confused by this), and I cheered when they mentioned Howland. Thoros and the BwB were a great addition, as was the QoT and Crook as Orell. 
Things that felt weird: The scene with Tyrion and Shae wasn't interesting. Still, I can see where things will go from here with those two. It will be tough to get over how much Bran and Arya have grown since season 1. It's easy to say this in hindsigt but maybe they should've gone with older actors, like they did with Dany. Plus, the banner of House Bolton looks an awful lot like the Union Jack...
129	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	7, up from 4.
Loathe the Young Wolf blundering around and Mance's backstory changes.  Well, I dont like tv Mance at all.  
I just dont get the Rob story.  First you bring your entire army to lay siege to an empty castle then you backtrack wth them for a funeral.  How lost are these writers?  At least have an idea that makes some sense if you're going to assassinate Rob Stark's character.
130	SFA-OK	2013-04-08	5/10. Hated, hated, hated all the jumping around, it seemed worse than usual. Not a fan of TV Brienne, I liked the book version much more. Same goes for Shae and multiply that by 100 and I didn't even like Shae in the books that much.
131	Black Wolf Smith	2013-04-08	Things I loved: Looks like most people didn't like Cat talking about Jon, but it's always nice to delve deeper into their complex relationship. The Reeds were awesome (even though Meera looks a bit like Yara and I wonder if any nonreaders will get confused by this), and I cheered when they mentioned Howland. Thoros and the BwB were a great addition, as was the QoT and Crook as Orell.I thought that Cat thing is one of the best things they have ever done on the show, that wasn't in the book. It showed that Cat knew she was wrong for the way she felt about Jon. That she had even felt guilty about it, but in the end she could not help the way she felt.ep rating 7I also like how Jaime/Brianna fight scene played out, even though the messed up who took them. HTF are they going to cut off his hand? How can that happen if he is with Bolton's men?While I could careless about Joff/Marg the end of that scene when Joff was turned on thinking about Marg killing somebody was spot on.The whole Jojen thing is messed up, it so messed up now that it will never match up with the books.
132	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-08	A modest 7.
The things that I liked:
- Jojen Reed: I think Brodie-Sangster will be a great Jojen Reed. For me , he really did a good job playing the young sage-like lad. Enjoyed his scene with Summer and loved the reference to his father.
- Olenna Tyrell: precisely what I envisioned the Queen of Thorns would be.
- The Orell-warging scene.
- Thoros of Myr, another newcomer. Wasn't up there with Jojen and Olenna. Yet.
The things I didn't like:
- The Jaime/Brienne swordfight.
- The Catelyn monologue.
- The Theon torture scene.
Overall, I definitely wasn't blown away. Then again, I didn't think I would be, considering the review I've read this far. It's like I posted some place else: for me it's an episode of small pleasures.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 08 April 2013 - 03:32 AM.
133	chrisdaw	2013-04-08	Much more solid episode than the first, restored some faith.
134	Queen Arya	2013-04-08	I knew people would hate the Jon Snow scene, but I don't see why exactly. It didnt change Catelyn, it reinforced that she could never love Jon no matter what. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />i really like this episodeloved jaime/brienne (when jaime talks about renly i was lmao)olenna was perfection /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />arya's scenes were great (i LOVED gendry asking why she didnt name joffrey or tywin in order to end the war.) but i didnt really like thoros.... i think they could show thoros as a drunk but a bit more serious.. they didnt evem mention him as a priesti hate margeary in the books but im loving the character in the series (natalie is doing a great job)once again the north was pretty blah, especially jon.loved bran's dream and the introduction of the reed brothers.... jojen seems a little bit more sassy than in the books but didnt bother metheon..... oh boy, this is gonna get ugly from now on /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
135	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	I gave it a 6. Maybe a little harsh, but there were a few bits I was really annoyed about, in particular certain new characters and events not getting the resonance they should have. 
I didn't like the way they handled the news from Winterfell, and I was really disappointed with the Theon stuff. I know there's plenty to come, particularly from the "boy", but I was hoping for a little more of a horror factor.
Actually quite enjoyed the Cat/Jon Snow story.
Love the Tyrells, brilliant stuff from both Margery and Ollena. Points as well go to Sophie Turner for her outstanding acting in the scene with the Tyrell women. That was probably my favourite scene of the episode.
I really, really, REALLY hate where they're going with the 'getting sansa out of Kings Landing' arc though. Involving Shae, and then Tyrion, is a big mistake IMO. I've come to expect that from every scene that involves Shae however; I was also furious that we had Sansa and Shae sitting there discussing Littlefinger and his intentions with her. Bad, bad, BAD!
Bran's arc was eh. Thought the introduction of the Reeds was ok.
Brieanne and Jamie was reasonable, not quite amazing. I dunno, maybe my expectations are just too high.
136	Dicer	2013-04-08	Not bad but again there is hardly anytime spend on the story at the wall. It's frustrating. There is no emotion or depth in that story. Every week it's just showing us the story there instead of telling it.  This week it was Orell warging. That's it. Oh and Edd making a comment about Sam that I don't think book Edd would make but whatever.
As for Catelyn, I really did not have any issues with it other than it was too long and not really necessary. I don't think it was even about Jon. It was about her faith. She wished ill on a baby. The baby got sick. She felt guilty. What's so wrong about that? It's just normal, human empathy.  And then she promised to do something if the baby got well. When the baby became alright, she did not keep her promise to the Gods. So now she feels like she is being punished for that. That's it. She still does not have any kind of love for Jon nor is she feeling sorry for not loving Jon. She is talking about a one time incident and the show seems to be portraying her as this person who is very religious. In the GOT ad called 'chaos' they showed her associated with 'the Gods'.
But this scene really did not add anything to the show. Instead of doing it they could have spend more time on Dany or  beyond the wall.
					
					
							Edited by Dicer, 08 April 2013 - 03:58 AM.
137	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-08	I forgot to mention but I thought Sophie Turner was terrific.  She played her character's fear and terror in confessing to Olenna brilliantly.It was Sophie's best scenes since the end of Season 1.  I definitely liked Diana Rigg as the Queen of Thorns.  I do enjoy Natalie Dormer as Margaery; though she is going to look ridiculous later as little Tommen's wife.  (of course, by then the boy playing Tommen could always shoot up a few inches, I suppose).  The Joffrey/Margaery crossbow scene was excellent; and made a good contrast with the Cersei/Joffrey scene; since Margaery is handling Joffrey so well and Cersei is not.
138	Alea Blackfyre	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8 because there were two things I hated:
Cat's speech, I think they could've found another way to emphasized Catelyn's guilt/grief over the falling in disgrace of her family, which I totally think she deserves, this will give the RW the sense of hopeless disaster and the power it needs to have, I just think they should've make it better, or find another reason for her to be the martyr.
Shae!!! and her psychotic jealousy, WTF is up with that? And, again... I understand what they're trying to do (giving her a reason for betraying Tyrion) but I liked it more when she was just a despicable bitch who would sell out anyone without a reason.
LOOOVED BwB (where's Ser Beric?), LOOOVED ARYA, LOOOVED the hound, I even loved Joff & Marge interaction, loved the Reeds!!
139	Set_Gecko	2013-04-08	The episode was average with a couple awful moments.
awful first - Sansa didn't look disturbed at all while talking to Olenna about Joffrey. She just kept smiling dumbly. It all felt so plastic. She breaks and tells them about joffrey cutting off her father's head and then her acting falls on its face when she tries to pull off "oh i didnt mean that what have i done" believably
awful second - Jamie and Brienne fight. Just awful. Just horrible. It doesn't feel that there is any force behind those blows and the only blow that didn't look clumsy was Brienne backhanding Jamie. Coster Waldau is extremely ungainly with the sword. Even in season 1 fight between Ned and Jamie that scene looked good only thanks to Sean Bean, who had good plasticity. If you watch Jamie in it, it was just awful. 
The episode was bad, Reeds were rushed in really. Theon was the only good part, but it all feels somehow extremely rushed.
140	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	Would have given a 6, but the scene with Olenna Tyrell bumps it up to a 7.We didn't see Danaerys, Littlefinger, Tywin or Davos, so I'm bound to be rather partial.+* Olenna Tyrell was marvelous. See what happens when you keep many lines from the book?* Karstark - Robb was fun.* Joffrey - Margaery was good.* Arya scenes were nice enough.* It was good to see Rast again.* Mance was good.* Some hilarious things like Olenna Tyrell's lines, Dolorous Edd's dourness or Jaime's remark about Renly.* I like the emphasis on the fact Renly is a traitor and was unfit to rule in both the Olenna and Joffrey - Margaery scene. (* Generally good explanation of Warging and Green Dreams, at least, I think)-* I really don't like Talisa. No idea what that scene with Cat was all about, either.* Tyrion - Shae really bothers me, as it has for a long time. Shae is just a stupid whore, why do people insist on making her so important?* The fight between Brienne and Jaime was kinda lackluster.* The scene with the Night's Watch doesn't capture any of the horror of the book scene, it's just a bunch of guys casually walking through the snow. Some frozen bodies littering the road would have been nice.* Torture scenes with Theon are unnecessary imo. They're horrible to watch and add only that: he's being tortured. Then there's the difficulty you're in danger of revealing the Boltons as scumbags too early.* The Reeds' introduction was just silly.In short I'd summarize this episode as 'some character introductions and lots of people talking for no reason and the writers getting lost in their own plot arcs.'
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 April 2013 - 05:06 AM.
141	a shadow	2013-04-08	I didn't rate it. Because I doubt I will ever say "Take it off the air". But that was as close as it gets /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Awfuly handeled. Talisa, especially with Catelyn, Catelyn and Bran/Rickon, Catelyn and Jon Snow, Sansa's attitude towards Littlefinger, even her scenes with Margaery/Olenna. Uh.
142	gmavridis	2013-04-08	10, up there with Blackwater and better than any episode other than Blackwater last season.I agree.
143	gmavridis	2013-04-08	The casting for Reeds is great.
144	gmavridis	2013-04-08	I also liked the way they are showing us the backstory of Theon's torture and the mind games that the Bastard played on him.
145	Waylin Stark	2013-04-08	Loved this episode, it was more of the travelling characters stuff.
Arya, Bran and Jaime's journeys are some of the best stories of ASoS.
Arya and the BwB was excellent. I love how they're so merry yet dangerous. And return of the Hound! The moment he said "Girl!" I was on the edge of my seat.
Bran's first scene with Robb and Jon and hearing Ned's voice gave me shudders. And then awesome Jojen just walked straight up, and awesome Meera took on Osha - terrific. I love the Reeds now more than I did in the books. Plus he mentioned Howland Reed!
Jaime and Brienne was funny, but I wish they fight could've lasted a bit longer. And being captured by the Boltons ... things will get interesting.
Poor Theon. I could feel his pain, Alfie's such a good actor. I like how he's being set up, " I'll say anything!!"
And hello Ramsay!! I leapt when I saw Iwan Rheon there, scrubbing the floors as "Reek".
They could've done without Tyrion and Shae, but I think it's the setup of a Sansa-Shae-Tyrion triangle for later.
Also could've done without Sam or Jon, but warging was awesome.
Needless to say Cat's scene was boring. Wanting Jon to die? Horrible.
And Sansa, Margaery and Olenna was awesome. Olenna was perfectly potrayed, loved Sophie's acting, her outburst of Joffrey being a monster.
But even better, Margaery and Olenna dismiss it so casually with a "Meh. That's a shame." Reminds me how powerful they are.
And Margaery is awesome! I love the way she's leading Joffrey on, taking an interest in Joffrey's homicidal tendencies.
Very good episode. Promises so much more to come. 8/10
146	DolorousKim	2013-04-08	I don't think Rickon was running off for good. At least, that's the impression I got. I think he was just running around like a little kid would do or something.Yes, I also don't think that Rickon was running off for good, but given their circumstances, I would think that their fear of someone spotting him and realizing that at least one of the Stark boys was still alive would preclude the rest of the group from letting their youngest member run willy nilly through the North accompanied by only the direwolves.  While it seemed clear that Summer was going with Rickon so that Bran could watch over him from inside Summer, I still don't think that the show is really capturing just how close the bond is between each Stark and their direwolf.  First you have Ghost being unnecessarily separated from Jon Snow and now Summer is shadowing Rickon instead of Bran.  I don't think that non-readers especially are going to understand the significance of the direwolves and will see them more as just big dogs/family pets.
147	Retorus	2013-04-08	They are "nicing up" Cat to make people feel worse later this season.This. It's pretty obvious really.I enjoyed the episode, gave it an 8. Thoros is great.
148	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	I'm getting increasingly annoyed by the fact that we only get a brief glimpse of each location/story arc per episode, and then it's a whole week's wait for the next bit. I should just stop watching now and get the whole season on DVD.
Anyway, a couple highlights were Margery's grandma (more of her please!) and of course Margery herself. The scene with Joffrey was excellent.
Brotherhood was handled nicely. Perfect timing for the Hound to show up.
On the other hand, there were many awkward scenes. Shae/Tyrion, Shae/Sansa, Catelyn/Whatshername, Ygritte...
149	SeventySeven	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8. It was better than last week's, and the good bits were very good.The good, in no particular order:I love show!Margaery, she's the perfect foil to Cersei, who for all her manipulating and plotting is really quite useless. She should take notes from Marg; this is how it's done /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> Lady Olenna is great as well.Jaime/Brienne have a really fun dynamic nearly as good as in the books, and both actors are knocking it out of the park.Sansa/Shae is really cuteArya! Arya's journey in SoS is my favourite along Jaime's. I loved Thoros' introduction, too. I could do with a whole episode of just Arya as far as I'm concerned.Sam and the NW is always a winner with me.The bad:Did we need that Shae/Tyrion's scene? We really did not.Ugh, Talisa go away.Cat's dialogue... It wasn't bad. It wasn't as out of character as some seems to believe, imo. But why was it to Talisa? Why not Robb? I can't with Talisa.Brienne/Jaime's fight, I didn't actively dislike it, but it was so different that in the book which means that book readers were always going to be disappointed. And the dialogue during the fight in the books was just perfect and didn't need changing. I don't understand this decision, tbh.
150	Maizel	2013-04-08	I lioe the Joffrey and Margaery scenes. So pretentious,  and Joffrey is totally messed up man.  I love Jack Gleeson.
151	PoorLollys	2013-04-08	Cat talking about Jon was to let people know that bastards can be made legitimate in some cases, so it doesn't seem out of the blue when Robb puts it in his will. At least that's my guess. If that's not the case then I agree, unnecessary and boring scene.I wouldn't be surprised if this change begets Cat coming up with the idea that Robb make Jon his heir and suggesting it.
152	BlackTalon	2013-04-08	The episode seemed pretty weak to me, one of the weakest in the show so far ...
The Cately scene was weird, Tyrion and Shae scene was useless and annoying, not to mention another bit of poor acting by Sibel Kekilli. Brienne and Jaime were already getting a bit old. That sword fight scene was one of the worst and most awkward I have ever seen. The introduction of the brotherhood and the hound seemed awfully quick to me even though I have to admit the Hound revealing Arya's identity was handled neatly. Overall too many and too short scenes, it felt really rushed. I'd almost say more so than any other episode so far. Somehow this episode just didn't click with me.
lady Olenna and the Reeds were pretty good and saved the episode from being a real diappointment for me.
153	Iotun	2013-04-08	I thought this was an awesome episode, one of the best ones in the series in fact. Loved every single thing and every single scene in it. 10 out of 10. Gave the first one an 8.
154	boojam	2013-04-08	Sort of a similar to the first episode, setting things up.
The whole idea was to not super condense  , like last season, so has me a little worried that too much of season 4 is going to be pulled forward from novels 4 and 5.
Setting things up in KL, a ton of foreshadowing. I thought Diana Rigg was spot on , in the book I loved the elaboration of way Olenna and Margaery teased out the information they needed about Joffrey, some of the best dialog GRRM wrote, but even with 20 episodes to get through all this it still needed to fit the short segment format. 
I can just see people complaining about things going slow at KL, but until a certain event it's all Machiavellian , and I love that kind of stuff.
To me there were four parts of SoS that made it the best novel. Dany's adventures in the East and all the action beyond and at the Wall, both are exotic and made ripping yarns. The third part that really pulled me along was Arya's travels. Tho I did kind of like , for some reason, Riverrun.
(Sorry , just me, I never could get into the Catelyn-Robb story, even the big event!)
Third I just loved Arya's travels, tho the start is a little slow, I hope they elaborate the journey with the hound, one of the best stories in the book.
Fourthly the travels of Brienne and Jaime , tho looks as if they will get through the best parts this season.
Even counting the Battle for the Wall, Dany's story had the most fireworks and exotics , if they elaborate and don't just give summaries of the battles as GRRM did.
So looks as if season 3 is going to be 'back loaded'.
As expected Harwin is gone, but did not expect the Arya reveal until latter, I guess they owed Rory McCann some screen time, but did not expect him to be the one to finger Arya. In the novels the Hound only seemed to have eyes for Sansa and didn't even seem to know who Arya was, tho he did see her both at Winterfell and KL, so it's ok.
So much for Butterbumps, ok with me.
Catelyn thing, didn't bother me, it's zero sum due to later events.
(Something brewing with the Talisa thing? I hope they are not going some Byzantine intrigue, lord!, there is too much of that now!)
Whew! even with 20 episodes to get it in , still a lot of jamming and cramming , what the heck are they going to do with Theon next season.
Still.... my favorite HBO show , as of now.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 April 2013 - 07:15 AM.
155	sati	2013-04-08	9...liked it a bit better than the premiere plus it didn't have pointless nudity and that Brienne/Jaime scene was terrific.
156	Eve	2013-04-08	Yes...I'm sure you speak for everyone who has read the books and watches the show.  I don't like the casting either. As much as I adore Natalie Dormer, she was a perfect Anne Boleyn.  I'm not a fan of her casting.  In my opinion, she is too old.
157	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	Its odd that since they are splitting the book into two seasons everything feels very rushed.I was REALLY underwhelmed by Diana Rigg's delivery, no gravitas there, all her dialogue said at lightning speed for some reason, and there was so little dramatic tension in the scene, really poorly handled I thought.  Natalie Dormer is growing on me, she is old for the role but she gets the character and she is able to act the part of a girl who carries two faces, her real agenda and the one she uses to manipulate the world with.Didn't really like the introduction of the Reeds, no one in the show knows who the hell Howland Reed is to begin with, having them do the ice and fire pledge would have been a better way to indicate they're important.Love the Thoros character, that was great, but why introduce the Hound so early?  Rushed, rushed, rushed.I guess they threw in Peter Dinklage's scene because everyone loves him because otherwise it was pointless.I'm surprised people didn't like the Jamie Brienne fight, while different, I thought it accomplished its goal and the banter was good.  I have no objection there.  Also no objection to the Cat scene, but it seems odd to throw it in there at this point, and if they're going to make Robb look like a hapless idiot for the entire season they might as well do you know what right now and get it over with.
158	Funkagenda	2013-04-08	Pretty good episode. 
The Reeds were great. I liked their first scene together. Thoros and Anguy were also very cool, just like Orell. And well, Olenna Tyrell was amazing. Some hilarious moments at her scenes. So far the new characters, they're all pretty good imo.
The storylines were very interesting, nice to see how thinks work out. Jaime was very hilarious as I expected. Such a shame Vargo Hoat isn't cast, but I will give this Locke a chance. The scene with Catelyn and Talsia was good to see, Cat's side of the Jon story. Speaking of Jon, his part wasn't very special today. Tyrion's story wasn't very spectauclar as well this time. Same for the Night's Watch, but it was good to see them again though.
My favorite parts today were the ones with Bran and Arya. Pretty cool to see The Hound already and I'm really looking forward to their scenes together. 
8/10
159	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	7. A tad droll in some places (that NW scene with Sam bored me rather quickly), but with some interesting twists and seeding.
I can already tell Ramsay is going to be spectacular.
160	lightbringer333	2013-04-08	Cat worship Seven gods including stranger then why hated the bastard??
161	Tywin's Honour	2013-04-08	I gave it a 5/10.
I felt that although the Jamie and Brienne interaction was rather faithful to the book, the fight scene was awful. Personally, I believe it looked amateurish and unpolished. Somewhat unexpected from a serious with such a generally high standard and attention to detail. Furthermore, seeing as Jamie is one of my favs, I took particular offence at the manner in which his formidable swordsmanship was depicted. Book Brienne struggles to face Jamie, and she herself reflects that she would not have stood a chance against an unbound and healthy KIngslayer. However, she handles him like he was some cocksure hedge knight.
Cat reminiscing over Jon's pox felt a tad forced IMO, and didn't serve much overall purpose as it is made abundantly clear, both in the series and the books, that Cat despises Jon. I guess they wanted to have a bonding moment between the mother and spouse of the King in the North.
Lastly, I wasn't much of the fan of the way Tyrion was presented around Shae. He looked like a helpless, horny teenager beside Shae, spurting out empty threats and smiling like a choir boy. Although, Shae is manipulative in the books, it seemed a bit of overkill on screen.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's Honour, 08 April 2013 - 07:50 AM.
162	Hound Dog	2013-04-08	God. I feel like Im not going ot care during the red wedding, because they are making Robb and Catelyn totally despicable and stupid. I agree 100%, I don't think they've done a good job at all in making Robb or Cat likable. Robb drives me absolutely nuts in the show, he isn't at all how I imagined him in the books. Cat I didn't like in the books... whenever I got to one of her chapters I'd always groan. But all the same, the TV show takes too many liberties on Cat and Robb's storylines. I can't wait to watch them both die, simply because every time one of their scenes come on, I feel oddly embarrassed... and kinda annoyed.
163	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-08	It was great! I gave it a 9. I absolutely loved the fight between Jamie and Brienne! She's a BAMF!
164	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	Great episode. It's nice to see the series thrive on great acting.
The Tyrells keep being great with Lady Olenna as a fantastic addition. She's both sharp and has wonderfully sarcastic humor. Margaery also keeps being a fantastic player in the game. The show does a great job of showing how they are maneuvering into power at King's Landing.
Catelyn was also played very well with her emotional scenes. The scene where it sounds like they are almost going back on her feelings on Jon, only to turn around and have it be one of her failures to care for him, was very well done. I love the image of her as an honorable lady that just couldn't overcome her pure emotions.
The Reeds were another nice addition to the cast and I like how they are progressing Bran's story line well with small means.
Arya's story line also started well. They had a little Robin Hood's merry men vibe going but with the surprise of including The Hound already it was a nice way to end with an expected turn for the worse.
The introduction of Ramsay was also nice. Some terrible and seemingly senseless torture that made you cringe, and then some mind games by Ramsay to top it off for future pay-off.
Jaime and Brienne keep working very well together. The only thing I had expected more of here was making a bit clearer that Jaime is in bad shape after his imprisonment. The future events for him means even more if he's really established as the best fighter in Westeros, which he hasn't really been yet.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 April 2013 - 07:55 AM.
165	Er Rn	2013-04-08	I gave it a 5. It was just sort of middle of the road to me.
Liked: meeting the QoT and that whole scene, Marg and Joff, the BwB, and the Reeds.
However, Cat's scene, Robb and Talisa making out after she tells him how she used to think of them as savages until she married their king (I'm paraphrasing, can't remember exact dialog), and Tyrion and Shae really brought this episode down.
166	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	Generally OK but the sword fight was absolutely abysmal
167	mrlukeduke	2013-04-08	Great episode IMO.
Things I liked:
 <U+0080><U+0093> Changes made from the books seemed more acceptable to me than the previous episode.
 <U+0080><U+0093> Timing and pacing was great; no rushed scenes like I thought there were in Ep1.
 <U+0080><U+0093> The Hound, superb. Liked the way they recut the whole BwB scene overall.
 <U+0080><U+0093> Didn't mind the Theon/Ramsey changes despite that being my biggest concern. Torture scene was disturbing/tense.
 <U+0080><U+0093> Surprisingly, I liked the Jon Snow references by Catelyn. Thought it fit well, i.e. she even misses HIM because she's devoid of any comfort any more.
 <U+0080><U+0093> Thoros!
 <U+0080><U+0093> Orell too; the bit with his creepy whited-out eyes while warging the eagle, was a lovely subtle addition IMO.
 <U+0080><U+0093> Pretty much everything tbh.
Things I disliked:
 <U+0080><U+0093> Completely unavoidable of course, no one's fault, but Bran seemed to have aged too suddenly and grown a deeper voice! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
 <U+0080><U+0093> Jojen was too well spoken for a Stinky Bog Dude.
 <U+0080><U+0093> That it was only an hour long.
168	dylan	2013-04-08	So many changes.  I gave it a 6.  1. I like being able to see the breaking of Theon from the start.  He has no idea he being set up by Ramsay2. I like how Marg is manipulating Joff and I loved the Queen of Thornes.  I missed Butterbumps3. The fight between Brienne and Jaime was awfulI know the first four episodes are setup but this one was kind of ordinaryCouldn't agree more with everything. I gave it a 6 as well
169	mrlukeduke	2013-04-08	Oh oh and Lady Olenna the Queen of Thorns. She was perfect. Wish they'd kept in the Butterbumps scene while meeting with Sansa, but hey, no biggie. Liked the way they had Marg use Joff's cruelty as a tactic to have him "aroused" and trusting her.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 08 April 2013 - 08:08 AM.
170	kevin1989	2013-04-08	Give it a 8. Episode 1 was also a 8. Last week was a little bit better imo.
I liked the introduction of QoT, BwB and the Reeds, they were well done.
My favorite scene was the one with Cat and Talisa. I cried when she talked about Jon.
Only thing bothering me was that last week was so good because it was focusing on a narrow group of people. This episode it too much imo. They could have left Tyrion for episode 3 imo.
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 08 April 2013 - 08:24 AM.
171	Sun	2013-04-08	Haven't watched the ep yet - it airs in a few hours - and based on the reactions here, I'm not sure I want to. :/
172	Gregg	2013-04-08	I actually thought the Cat scene was ok (minus the last line). If anything it hammered home her hatred of Jon (she wished him dead). The fact that she momentarily felt bad for wishing that did not change anything for me.
I also think it was also a subtle way to remind viewers that the issue of Jon's parentage is still outstanding, and that there may be some ironies involved with it.  With Jon at the Wall and beyond, I think it is needed to remind the viewer (non-reader) that his character may have a role in the big picture.
I think overall we are starting to see the difficulties of translating SO MANY story lines into a TV series (1 hour at a time). The Tyrion/Shae scene had the feel of, "Can we really leave him completely out of an episode? No we've got to give him at least one scene." So yes, I thought that was dumb scene.
I wonder how confused the non-reader is at this point.
173	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	What I loved:Sansa's scenes with Shae and the Tyrells.Arya meeting the Brotherhood without Banners.Bran's greendream.What I liked:The arrival of the Reeds.Karstark calling out Robb for marrying Talisa, and Cat calling out Robb for imprisoning her.The Jaime and Brienne scenes. They weren't as good as usual, however - Brienne has been changed too much, and I hated the conversation about Renly. In the books, he's a wonderfully written gay character. In the show, he's merely reduced to his sexuality. It's insulting and offensive.The single Jon scene. Kit Harington is still awful, and Hinds was surprisingly average, but the scene itself was good.What I hated:Female rivalries: Osha vs Meera, Catelyn vs Talisa, Shae vs Ros.Jojen reed saying Summer's name.The Night's Watch scenes.Theon's scenes.Catelyn's monologue to Talisa.All that considered, I gave it a 6/10. I enjoyed it far less than the premiere (which I rated 7/10), but it also had some really great moments - the Sansa/Olenna/Margaery dinner is one of my favourite scenes in the show so far.
174	WinterWarrior	2013-04-08	I gave it a 7, and I am usually much more upbeat about the episodes. For some reason this one did not hang together well in my opinion. Too many story lines, I am really glad I have read the books multiple times or I would have had a difficult time following it.
I think the Cat scene was to keep Jon Snow front and center. HBO is focused on Jon and Dany which is good in my opinion. I am wondering how they will do the scene where she argues against Robb making Jon his heir after this scene. Maybe Robb will do it and she will agree.
The actor who plays Bran has grown up so much over one year it was startling! His deep voice. I love the Reeds but  not sure if I liked the way they were written in last night. They were sort of creepy and in the book they are warm and supportive. Also, what happened to Rickon? I am sure they did not have him go off with Shaggy Dog....he better show up later. I can see a split happening though, with Osha and Rickon going off as they do in the book.
Too much time wasted on Shae and Tyrion...I think the Shae story line will play out much differently in the HBO series. I think she will be hung. Margaery is excellent, as was Olenna. I hate Joff but the actor is amazing. And I love the Hound.
175	Sansa in the North	2013-04-08	The Cat thing was just wrong. The fact that she was making one of these thingies for Jon in the first place when only a mother can make one for her child sort of implies like she thought she was Jon's mother or at least stepmother/surrogate mother, which she never did. And the rest of Westeros never thought that either. If D&D did this to make Cat more likeable, like people are suggesting, then I don't understand them, because in my opinion it actually makes her less likeable. Cat is one of my favourites and she doesn't need to be a mother archetype and coddle Jon Snow in order to be likeable.Also, Hot Pie fat shaming, not cool! Funny, but still, it was too much.Other than that, wow! What en episode! The Jamie/Brienne banter was priceless and the Olenna scene was perfect, exactly as I imagined it. They've really done a good job on the Tyrells. The arrival of the Reeds was pretty kickass too.Female rivalries: Osha vs Meera, Catelyn vs Talisa, Shae vs Ros.Amen! I hated those, too! Most women don't act like that towards other women outside of sitcoms. I also just don't like this jealous!Shae angel they seme to be taking.All in all 7/10. I enjoyed this episode less than the premier, which I understand is not a popular opinion. Or is it?
					
					
							Edited by Sansa in the North, 08 April 2013 - 09:15 AM.
176	Serr Parker	2013-04-08	8/10 for me
Lots of people abusing it saying it doesn't stay true to the books. Well if you've read the books it would make a pretty boring series wouldn't it?
Much better than the first, too many different angles though, I think we'll often see episodes without 2-3 main character view points (Ayra, Bran, Jamie in ep1/ Daenerys, Stannis ep 2).
I'm going to watch it again now, edit this when I've seen it again
177	house of no sigil	2013-04-08	7/10
I gave a 6 to 301, mostly because they previewed the wights in 210 and then didn't deliver them. This episode was a lot like that one minus that huge letdown. Great acting all around and a couple bits of good drama, but mostly just advancing storylines for bigger things later on, which is necessary and I am good with that. 
I really liked Jaime's banter with Brienne and I thought the fight was done ok, served it's purpose well enough. The Sansa/Margery/QoT scene was great. Like everyone else, I am really liking Marg, and it seems that the edition of the QoT will only make that line better. It was good to see the Arya storyline back, and I thought Thoros was good too. The  Reeds also did not disappoint and the Theon scenes were done very well. The Joff/Cersei and Joff/Marg scenes served their purpose of character developement and the struggle for power and influence.
The NW and wildlings scenes felt like just a bit of filler, kind of like "Hey! Nothing much is really going on with us this week but don't forget about us! Maybe NEXT week you'll get to see some giants or zombies....:-)" Glad they didn't do that same type of thing with the Dany or Stannis lines.
That brings us to Tyrion/Shae and Cat's monologue. I thought one was annoying and one was new and interesting. I think it's pretty obvious that Peter is the iconic image of GoT and I understand that HBO wants to get him on screen whenever they can, but the love story thing is flat. He's much better as a whoring, drinking, manipulator. I understand how the scene fit into the developement of the story but it was highly unnecessary. I just found it boring. Cat's Jon Snow revelation, on the other hand, was excellent. I know thats a minority opinion here on this forum, but I really thought it brought a new nuance to her character, although not as big of one as everybody else seems to think. She's always been pious, so I don't think her believing that she is being punished for not upholding a promise she made to the gods is such a giant stretch. And I really don't think it will have much effect on her future story, so I'm a bit confused with all the handwringing over it.
Next week, I expect dragons and whitewalkers.
					
					
							Edited by house of no sigil, 08 April 2013 - 09:12 AM.
178	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	Amen! I hated those, too! Most women don't act like that towards other women outside of sitcoms. Yes exactly. It's so frustrating, especially with the Shae/Sansa friendship. They already had an amazing rivarly between Cersei and Margaery - why do they need more? The only reason the Cersei/Margaery rivalry works so well is because they actually both have a lot of reasons to be wary of each other.
179	insertname	2013-04-08	I'm going to give it a seven because I like most introduced characters, but it wasn't that strong of an episode...
180	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-08	Okay, a little disappointed having looked at the many very positive reactions here before watching it. I feel like two episodes of almost entirely scene-setting to start the season is a bit heavy, but FINE, necessary I guess.
Few problems
-Jaime + Brienne sword fight should have been way more badass (as many people seem to also think)
- I never thought I'd be this guy, but two episodes without much violence (except the brief torture scenes of course) actually seems to lose part of the grimness of the show
- Queen of Thorns should have been funnier
- I feel like they may be going in the direction of making Joffrey too ridiculous (was he getting turned on my Marg wanting to kill things!?)
AND BIG PROBLEM: I've never been bothered by the acting in this show, as in, some actors may not be as enthralling as others, but I never found anyone to be notably bad, but the actress who plays Sansa was TERRIBLE in the QoT scene. ehk
I was a little confused by the apparently despised Cat talking about Jon scene - doesn't really make sense - but hey, I don't mind them trying to make Cat more likeable for the RW. Livin' up to the GoT rep'.
Still, lots of good things. Happy to see the Reeds, happy at the introduction of warging, happy to see the Boltons finally coming into the game, and absolutely overjoyed at the Brotherhood coming in at long last. I was a bit sad that Dondarrion didn't pop up, but it can only mean that his entrance will be appropriately epic when it does happen.
181	Alboin	2013-04-08	Voted 7, that's two points improvement since ep1
(+) 
Jojeen and Meera are weirdly likeable and fun
I liked QOT herself, didn't like how the scene was staged at all. Since it couldn't be as long as in the book writers and director had to invent some device to make Sanda trust marg. and QOT. They kinda skipped it
Liked whole Arya sequence, although I wish she would start to develop her "bad-assoness" more intensively.
(-)
Jon Snow and Sam stuff is still boring. When you kill all the events because of budget you kinda have to invent other more cheaper events. Sam falling down for 5 minutes is not one of them. 
Theon? At this point? I sense 8 episodes of whining...
I guess they are heading towards Shay being aSansa "savior" over LF plot to abduct her, she will convince Tyrion to marry Sansa to save her. I don'like that one bit.
Robb and Karstark can rent a room. Cat and Talisa scene came to us straight from Days of Our Lives.
182	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	- I feel like they may be going in the direction of making Joffrey too ridiculous (was he getting turned on my Marg wanting to kill things!?)He quite obviously was - but why would that be ridiculous?
183	TheEvilKing	2013-04-08	Gave it eight. Really solid if not spectacular episode that delivered in terms of both plot and character.
Best parts:
- Reeds introduction was great. I'm not particularly a fan of them in the books, but Jojen in particular was excellent.
- Lots of focus on House Bolton.
- Cat's monologue was really good. Wonderful acting by Michelle Fairley and the claims of supposed "character assassination" have proved quite unfounded.
- Queen of Thorns and Margaery are both brilliant.
- Nice intro with the BwB and showed Arya's fearlessness. Can't wait to see Beric.
Worst part:
- Two eps and no sign of Varys!
184	Abaddon	2013-04-08	Moreover, you literally have her taking the view that maybe this is all her fault. Those who are inclined to believe that, either through latent misgoyny, a lack of empathy, or a preference for simplistic narratives, are just going to latch onto it. That's not what I think the writers expected, but it's what they're going to get.Well, let's be fair here.  A lot of readers of the books hate Catelyn.  I think that's bizarre personally, and I know that's not what George intended.  But it hardly seems fair to blame the show for making many show-only viewers blame Catelyn without acknowledging the book did the same thing (albeit very differently).At this point I don't really think of them as the same character, and while I certainly wasn't a Catelyn hater I didn't love her character either.  I wish they had stuck to the book Catelyn and I don't know why they didn't, but while it's a shame there are other alterations that bother me a lot more (Jon & Quorin at the top of the list).
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 08 April 2013 - 09:29 AM.
185	Abaddon	2013-04-08	I enjoyed this episode better than last time. See? Without nude scenes squeezing in, we get to see more of our important characters on screen.Ridiculous.  30 seconds of screen time is the difference between getting to see important characters and not?  Please.
186	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-04-08	Liked:
- Theon's torture scenes. Hearing about it was pretty harrowing in the books and it looks like it'll be the same on the show. I loved the setting up of Ramsey to fuck with Theon.
- Jamie and Brienne. I think they've caught the dynamic between those two perfectly. Brienne was even caught having a wee look at Jamie's 'goods' when he was taking a piss. The fight was fine IMO. Jamie still exudes danger even when he's in chains but I liked how they showed that Brienne is good enough to overcome an out of shape Kingslayer (still in chains).
- I liked the introduction of the BoB. Thoros was different to how I imagined but I liked it. I thought they adapted that part of the story very well so far.
- Sansa'a meeting the Marg and QoT. Rigg was excellent and again, I thought they caught the spirit of a fairly important scene very well.
So-so:
- I thought the introducation of the Reeds could have been better. My only real problem is that it felt rushed and the explanation of green dreams and Bran's importance felt rushed, given that it's pretty important. Liked the casting though and this can all be fixed in the next few episodes.
- North of the Wall. They were just 'moving the story along' scenes for me.
- Marg and Joff. It was quite funny to see Margarey wrapping Joffrey round her little finger with all her double entendres. I half expected Jack Gleeson to walk across the room John Wayne style.
Dind't like:
- Robb's scenes. I feel like Robb's becoming more unlikable than he was in the books and in earlier series. He's lost a bit of energy.
- Cat and Tulisa. I'm not as opposed to the change in itself as some people, just found the scene boring.
- Shae and Tyrion. Shae's already a well established character and their relationship is already well set up, I found that scene unnessesary.
I suppose that makes it a 7/10 for me then. I'm just itching to get past the 'setting up the story' phase and get to the action.
187	Abaddon	2013-04-08	Yes exactly. It's so frustrating, especially with the Shae/Sansa friendship. They already had an amazing rivarly between Cersei and Margaery - why do they need more? The only reason the Cersei/Margaery rivalry works so well is because they actually both have a lot of reasons to be wary of each other.
	Spoiler As book-readers, we should all know why they need to start developing a Shae/Sansa rift.  Shae and Tyrion have much more of a genuine relationship in the show than the books.  I was really glad to see the signs of some cracks in their relationship.  Sansa is clearly going to end up being a big wedge between them.  This is earlier than I expected, but they do need to start planting some seeds so it doesn't just come out of nowhere.
188	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-04-08	This was a good episode.The Cat think sucked.But most of the other things were great.Reeds introduction was brilliantly done.I also liked how they showed warging .the best part for me was Jojen talking about Howland"He didnt tell us about the rebellion."That man can keep a secret.
Theon torturing was great!!
189	Kaitscralt	2013-04-08	I'd give it a 10, both for being an awesome episode and for the reaction its getting out of people on these boards. Most hilarious way to spend a Monday morning.  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
190	Juli Cachet	2013-04-08	Gave it a 10, loved it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> (Except that Cat scene, but it doesn't really bother me.)
Edit: Locke ith lacking a lithp. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Juli Flay, 08 April 2013 - 09:58 AM.
191	Abaddon	2013-04-08	I gave S3Ep1 an 8.5/10 (voted 8/10), this one a 7.5/10 (voted 7).  Rounded down because I tend to be a little over-positive.I thought the episode was very solid, but only occasionally spectacular.  I can't believe I am saying it but I think the lack of Dany in this episode is the biggest single reason for my rating difference.  It seems strange to say that after almost a full season of not caring (positively or negatively) for Dany's storyline at all.  In any case:+ Unlike most weighing in here I really liked the Shae/Tyrion scene.  I thought it very effectively captured an awakening awkwardness and rift between them.  Shae was genuinely surprised and a little bit angry that Tyrion admitted finding Sansa attractive; Tyrion was defensive but not really apologetic.+ I loved the QoT.  Thought she was perfect.  I've been very on the fence with Mance (and continue to be so) but am delighted with Rigg so far.+ I loved Thoros, aside from the bizarre choice of having him sing the Rains of Castamere.  WTF?+ I liked Orell's introduction.+ I liked the Brienne/Jaime fight well enough.  It suffered a bit from being condensed from the book but in the end I thought they captured the important bits.  Looking forward to seeing more of Locke.+ I "liked" the Theon bits... they weren't over the top (yet) which is good because they will need to build up to that.o I am neutral on the Robb stuff.  I do think they are doing a good job of developing Karstark and Bolton.- Although I was prepared for it, the Catelyn scene seemed really weird.  Everything about it was really well executed but it was like Bizarro Catelyn... think http://upload.wikime...ssicBizarro.PNG... and just ... well, bizarre  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.  I should note that everyone else I was watching it with (mostly show-only viewers, a casual book-reader, and a spoiled viewer) all thought the scene was great.- The Beyond the Wall stuff (all of it) underwhelmed, other than Orell.  At least the scenery is spectacular.Will need a re-watch to really dig in.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 08 April 2013 - 09:57 AM.
192	Garlan Marius	2013-04-08	Definitely better than the first episode, surprisingly good for an early-season set-up episode.  This season is shaping up to be better than Season 2 by a longshot.
193	Serr Parker	2013-04-08	Watching it again I enjoyed it Anguy is cool, shame Thoros is off that terrible Betvictor advert.
Pretty sure that was the bastard saying he was going to help Theon, free him and hunt him down.
Only problem is we're 2 episodes in and not an awful lot has happened, Jamie and Brienne have been caught, Ayra's been found out.
Apart from that Jon's walking about a bit with the wildlings, Sam's walked about a bit with the nights watch, Tyrion and Cerrsie have just talked. Hopefully it'll begin to gather some steam from now on, preview for next week looks like Danny will get her Spartans... I mean unsullied
					
					
							Edited by Serr Parker, 08 April 2013 - 10:15 AM.
194	Astaporridge	2013-04-08	Definitely better than the first episode, surprisingly good for an early-season set-up episode.  This season is shaping up to be better than Season 2 by a longshot.If felt the same. And gave a 10.
195	Greyjoy67	2013-04-08	Weird how many people loved this episode, one of the weakest eps of the show so far tbh ! I gave it a 7, last week was better tbh. This one jumped about a lot and the writing seemed lacking. Olenna scene was great, loved everything Bolton-related. Jaimie-Brienne was fine. 
What DID annoy me was the amount of time dedicated to pointless scenes like Shae and Tyrion or Margaery or Joffrey (did they really need to make a gay-basher as well?!) . I like that there was foreshadowing in the latter, and it was well acted, but way, way too long. BECAUSE they stretched those scenes out so long, more important scenes like the Brotherhood/Hound stuff was rushed to fuck. I mean... there was no dramatic tension to the Hound revealing Arya at all. It just sort of happened and then cut away. 
And Catelyn and Jon Snow... hopefully this isn't brought up again. I'd just prefer that it didn't happen. To me, the only major botch the series has made so far has been the Season 2 story arc of Daenerys, but if they continue like this then Catelyn's character will be the next major fuck up.
Shame cos I loved Ep1, and felt it was well paced. This one wasn't at all - rushing the wrong bits and stretching it out others.
196	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	Only problem is we're 2 episodes in and not an awful lot has happened, Jamie and Brienne have been caught, Ayra's been found out.Apart from that Jon's walking about a bit with the wildlings, Sam's walked about a bit with the nights watch, Tyrion and Cerrsie have just talked. Hopefully it'll begin to gather some steam from now on, preview for next week looks like Danny will get her Spartans... I mean unsulliedThe Tyrells have started manipulating quite a lot. Davos have been found alive, gotten back to Dragonstone and tried to kill Melisandre. Tyrion has lost all the favor with his family that he seemingly had last season. Jon has actually been accepted by the Wildlings, not just walked a bit with them. Bran has met people that know what he is and it's been communicated to the viewers for the first time.There's more to mention than that, and I haven't mentioned any pure character development scenes, but I think it shows that you've left out a bit in order to say that not much has happened.
197	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	It baffles how anyone could not love the Joff/Marge scene. Gay-bashing? Aren't you reading too much into it? The only point in that was to show that Margaery knows exactly what buttons to press to manipulate Joffrey.
198	BlackTalon	2013-04-08	more important scenes like the Brotherhood/Hound stuff was rushed to fuck. I mean... there was no dramatic tension to the Hound revealing Arya at all. It just sort of happened and then cut away.Agree there ... I was uncomfortably reminded of how Arya stabbing the stable boy was botched. It seemed to be treated in such an offhand manner.All in all 7/10. I enjoyed this episode less than the premier, which I understand is not a popular opinion. Or is it?No, I am of exactly the same opinon and I also gave it a 7. It was a bit better the second time I watched it, though. The sword fight are still terrible though, especially they are waving their swords about before attacking, like in some Ninja B movie. Except most ninja b movies hanlde it better.
199	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	Gave it a 6.5 -- better than last week's but still needs improvement and its still frustrating how certain things are changed for absolutely no reason.
+
- Arya and BWB scenes, with the exception of Thyros of Myr baring steel against a 10 year old girl. What was that? Anguy was good, and the scene at the inn makes sense because there's no Harwin in that group.
- Jamie and Brienne interactions are absolutely hilarious. Jamie had me in stitches with the "throne made of cocks and you'd never get him off" line. Really good back and forth. Didn't mind the whole getting betrayed by a random traveler, it shows that even the "white" characters need to go "black" in Westeros.
- Queen of Thorns was really good, both funny and cunning. The scene and introduction did the book justice
- Jojen and Meera was well handled. Obviously has to be different from the books for timing reasons, but I thought it worked in context. Weird how Rickon just ran off an summer followed him, though.
- I like how they are keeping Bolton a presence, and thought the Karstark comments were right on -- and much needed. We haven't gotten any real blowback from the Frey's post wedding.
- I thought the Night's Watch scenes and Orell/Mance/Jon was fine
(-)
- Cat's monologue. Why? Just why? I'll never understand why the producers of this show change so many things that don't need to be changed. It's like they want to take ownership for the series or something.
- Talisa/Cat interactions: pointless and really poorly acted. I don't buy whatever Talisa is selling.
- Jamie & Brienne fight: poorly choreographed  filmed and adapted from the book. Jamie is the best swordsman in Westeros and in the show we have seen him essentially draw with Ned Stark and get his ass kicked by Brienne. Jamie gives Brienne a run for her money and leaves her in awe of how good he is. Even if they had included a line from Brienne before the fight "your hands are chained together and you have been imprisoned for ___ you are a shell of your former self" it would have made it clear just how good Jamie is. Now his hand getting cut off matters so much less. Poorly done.
- Margery agreeing to kill something/someone while Joffrey watches. WTF is wrong with these writers? What goes through their heads? Why include this? We already know Joffrey is a deviant, but this is just way way to much. Left a sour taste in my mouth
- The actress who plays Shae is terrible. Dinklage was either overacting to try and save, or doesn't do nearly a good enough job playing the "dwarf in love" role.
I am often really bothered by the senseless changes from book to show. I understand things need to be changed for adaptation, but what I don't understand is including things that have no place in the book or drastically change who the character is.
I am also noticing that the acting is not nearly as good as it has been in past seasons, the girl who plays Talisa, Shae and espicially Loras stand out to me as being particularly awful. i know Kit Harrington is pretty bad, but I guess im just used to it by now.
					
					
							Edited by Lux in Tenebris, 08 April 2013 - 10:45 AM.
200	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	Weird how many people loved this episode, one of the weakest eps of the show so far tbh ! I gave it a 7, last week was better tbh. This one jumped about a lot and the writing seemed lacking. Olenna scene was great, loved everything Bolton-related. Jaimie-Brienne was fine.What DID annoy me was the amount of time dedicated to pointless scenes like Shae and Tyrion or Margaery or Joffrey (did they really need to make a gay-basher as well?!) . I like that there was foreshadowing in the latter, and it was well acted, but way, way too long. BECAUSE they stretched those scenes out so long, more important scenes like the Brotherhood/Hound stuff was rushed to fuck. I mean... there was no dramatic tension to the Hound revealing Arya at all. It just sort of happened and then cut away.And Catelyn and Jon Snow... hopefully this isn't brought up again. I'd just prefer that it didn't happen. To me, the only major botch the series has made so far has been the Season 2 story arc of Daenerys, but if they continue like this then Catelyn's character will be the next major fuck up.Shame cos I loved Ep1, and felt it was well paced. This one wasn't at all - rushing the wrong bits and stretching it out others.Easy fix -- have arya run away and get on a horse and get tracked down -- ode to the book readers, a dramatic chase and Arya realizing what situation she is in. Arya would never just stand there after that reveal -- its obvious the writers just dont get the characters at all.
201	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	Easy fix -- have arya run away and get on a horse and get tracked down -- ode to the book readers, a dramatic chase and Arya realizing what situation she is in. Arya would never just stand there after that reveal -- its obvious the writers just dont get the characters at all.How would a little girl get out of that house and onto a horse, not to mention actually getting away and needing to be tracked? As soon as she starts running someone would grab her.And for people that supposedly don't get the characters at all they've managed to create quite a bit of non-book scenes that have pleased George. They must be extremely lucky people I guess.
202	Greyjoy67	2013-04-08	I think they "get" Arya, that wasn't really my issue. It was just the pacing - there was only a limited amount of dialogue between the BWB and Arya and co. before the Hound was even introduced. Sometimes the show just drags things out for the sake of it... and then, at other points, they just throw everything at the wall at once. 
I loved Season 1, and liked Season 2, but they need to start being more consistent with the way they pace this show because it's getting more stop-start by season. First season flowed marvellously.
203	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-08	Gave it a solid 8. People are being introduced and the winds are slowly gathering. I like this slow pace, compared to the pace of last season.
204	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	9 for me. Absolutely loved it.
Only reason its not 10 is because they gave to much screen time to Shae and Catalyn which meant rushing through Jojen's, Boys, Theon's and The Hound's introduction.
This might be the first episode of GOT without nudity and someone being killed(Although we did get a lot worse than that!).
205	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-04-08	Watching it again I enjoyed it Anguy is cool, shame Thoros is off that terrible Betvictor advert.Oh my god. Never would have clocked that without you pointing it out.I gave a 6 last week, and felt it was a bit low. I'm giving the same this week, even if I thought the episode was ever so slightly worse.Pros:Pretty much every new character introduced hit the right notes with me. Anguy and the Reeds in particular.Acting continues to be 95% very good. Sansa, Jaime and Brienne, BWB scenes all hit their mark and were enjoyable to watch. Also, the Marg/Joff scene dragged a bit but Jack Gleeson is a damned good actor.Cons:Nothing particularly exciting happened for the second episode in a row. Tyrion shoehorned into the episode for no other reason than he's a fan favouriteCatelyn speech was just silly.Few others but I have a headache right now.
206	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	I think they "get" Arya, that wasn't really my issue. It was just the pacing - there was only a limited amount of dialogue between the BWB and Arya and co. before the Hound was even introduced. Sometimes the show just drags things out for the sake of it... and then, at other points, they just throw everything at the wall at once.I loved Season 1, and liked Season 2, but they need to start being more consistent with the way they pace this show because it's getting more stop-start by season. First season flowed marvellously.I don't know if I agree with the pacing issue over seasons. I think the second season showed that they had gotten clearly better at pacing and having cuts between scenes feel more natural and less rushed (a quite common praise during the second season compared to the first). The only way I find that the first season stood out better in is that there were fewer characters and places to follow, something you just can't do anything about without removing storylines completely. The story will get wider and deeper.
207	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	How would a little girl get out of that house and onto a horse, not to mention actually getting away and needing to be tracked? As soon as she starts running someone would grab her.And for people that supposedly don't get the characters at all they've managed to create quite a bit of non-book scenes that have pleased George. They must be extremely lucky people I guess.1) She was already on her way out of the place with no one blocking her and the door. 2) I would expect there would be horses outside, although I didn't see anyone on horseback, so maybe not.Either way, that's not really the point I was trying to make, just having her run away would have worked too. having her stand there looking scared makes no sense.
208	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I think they "get" Arya, that wasn't really my issue. It was just the pacing - there was only a limited amount of dialogue between the BWB and Arya and co. before the Hound was even introduced. Sometimes the show just drags things out for the sake of it... and then, at other points, they just throw everything at the wall at once.I loved Season 1, and liked Season 2, but they need to start being more consistent with the way they pace this show because it's getting more stop-start by season. First season flowed marvellously.like the Shae Tyrion scene gets four minutes while Arya and the BTB scenes get 4 minutes total. I know what you are saying.
209	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8.  I really enjoyed it a lot.  Queen of Thorns was great.  Loved Arya's scenes.  Loved the Reeds.  Loved the wolves.  HODOR!!!  Love Hodor!!  Love seeing how Theon becomes......he he he.  Loved the banter between Jaime and Brienne.  Brienne rocks.  Their fight was meh though.  Welcome back HOUND!!!
Tyrion scene was okay with Shae.  Nothing great.  I was fine with the Cat scene talking about Jon Snow.  No biggie.  These are not the books so I can live with the changes now as long as they add up in the end.
What I find so interesting and funny is how big the kids are getting.  Bran is going to have to shave soon and Hodor will have to drag him with the help of a mule!!  HODOR!!!!!
One question, where did they say Rickon was?  I missed that.  And why are people saying he will be shipped off alone without Osha?
210	shiola	2013-04-08	9.  The only thing keeping it from being a 10 would be Cat's monologue, Shae's acting (although I like some of her dialogue), and them not explaining just how tight Ned/Howland were.  The Reeds just kinda showed up and suddenly they're all hanging out.
I loved the dialogue they kept for QoT, but the delivery wasn't as spot-on as I imagined they would be in my head.
Margaery is playing the fucking game and I LOVE it.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 08 April 2013 - 11:58 AM.
211	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	1) She was already on her way out of the place with no one blocking her and the door. 2) I would expect there would be horses outside, although I didn't see anyone on horseback, so maybe not.Either way, that's not really the point I was trying to make, just having her run away would have worked too. having her stand there looking scared makes no sense.1. Seems extremely odd that the BWB wouldn't have any guards and lookouts outside. 2. Even if there were horses they would be tied up (takes time to tie up) and not have saddles fit for a little girl (she'd most likely just fall off). That's not even mentioning how much slower a little girl like her would run towards a horse compared to grown men fit for battle.Why doesn't it make any sense? It's something that creates tension for the end of a scene. She's also not a complete idiot so she knows that she's screwed in this situation. They didn't stand a chance to get away from the BWB when they were hiding in the forest so why would she think anything different would happen now? And while she doesn't want anyone to know who she is, the BWB are pretty much the first people they've met that were kind, which makes it a complicated enough situation for Arya to freeze for a moment when trying to figure out what will happen. It made a lot more sense than what you suggested.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
212	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	1. Seems extremely odd that the BWB wouldn't have any guards and lookouts outside. 2. Even if there were horses they would be tied up (takes time to tie up) and not have saddles fit for a little girl (she'd most likely just fall off). That's not even mentioning how much slower a little girl like her would run towards a horse compared to grown men fit for battle.Why doesn't it make any sense? It's something that creates tension for the end of a scene. She's also not a complete idiot so she knows that she's screwed in this situation. They didn't stand a chance to get away from the BWB when they were hiding in the forest so why would she think anything different would happen now? And while she doesn't want anyone to know who she is, the BWB are pretty much the first people they've met that were kind, which makes it a complicated enough situation for Arya to freeze for a moment when trying to figure out what will happen. It made a lot more sense than what you suggested.I think you are missing the point of Arya just standing there when the Hound outs her for who she is instead of her making a run for it, which is something that Arya would do (and has done it the actually books). I also never said she would actually get away, but whatever. Far more ridiculous or unlikely things have happened in the books/show than a girl getting on a horse and riding away.
213	WinterWarrior	2013-04-08	As an addendum to my previous post.
No one portrays the Queen of Thorns as well as Roy Dotrice does in the audiobooks. Even an actress as amazing as Diana Rigg, who did an excellent job and is perfect for the role, is not as good as Roy Dotrice in the audiobooks. Maybe they should have dressed him in drag for the role.
My not so humble opinion. Dotrice is a master.
214	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	I think you are missing the point of Arya just standing there when the Hound outs her for who she is instead of her making a run for it, which is something that Arya would do (and has done it the actually books). I also never said she would actually get away, but whatever. Far more ridiculous or unlikely things have happened in the books/show than a girl getting on a horse and riding away.I think it's quite important to compare suggested scenarios when someone says that something doesn't make sense. It gives you a context of what that person thinks is probable.As for her running despite no chance to succeed, that can still happen. The scene looked like that because it was supposed to end and it's much more dramatic to have that split second panic freeze image than to have someone run and you don't get to see what happens (or you do get to see what happens and have less to wonder about).
215	The Monkey	2013-04-08	8 out of 10. Loved Bran's, Arya's and Margaery's scenes. (How can people not like TV-Marg? She's perfectly cast, and brings such intensity to the role.)
Cat's monologue was horrible, it's true, but I don't think it ruined the character. I has expected more from the Jaime/Brienne duel, but what can you do?
216	podrick_payne45	2013-04-08	I would give it an 8/10. Did not like the whole Cat thing, but loved Thoros.
217	Loras	2013-04-08	I voted 8/10 again, though I do think that this episode was slightly better than Episode 1.
The Good:
* The opening:  I think this could be the greatest opening scene in the series yet.  I thought it was absolutely brilliant.  I loved Jojen's introduction and the throwback to the pilot episode.  Very well done.
* The Tyrells:  Continue to be great.  Diana Rigg and Natalie Dormer are doing an excellent job cementing the Tyrell's as fan favourites.  My non-book friends love both of the characters.
* Michelle Fairley: A joy to watch.  I actually enjoyed that monologue for what it was.  It makes sense to the character of Show!Catelyn.
The Bad:
* Daniel Minahan:  I am really disappointed with him as a director for the second week in a row.  The action sequence was once again very poor.  His shots during the second Theon scene was a complete mess.  Is the man obsessed with mirrors?  Almost all of the scenes in King's Landing included a character looking at themselves in the mirror!  Clumsy and unimaginative.
* Shoehorned Characters:  I felt like too many scenes in this episode were forced into the plot without purpose.  Both of the scenes beyond the Wall were poorly executed, in my opinion.  And we have that scene with Tyrion and Shae which may have a pay off but I wasn't a huge fan.
218	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-08	Even though I didn't like it I think the whole Shae/Tyrion scene was a setup for Shae to be the one to inform the Lannisters that the Tyrells want to marry Sansa off.
219	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	them not explaining just how tight Ned/Howland were.  The Reeds just kinda showed up and suddenly they're all hanging out.Well Jojen mentions that when he heard about Ned, Howland cried, the only time his son had seen him do so. I expect if we get a version of the KotLT story that will reinforce their friendship again, but I have no idea if D&D will cut it out. Also the transition from "We have you at spearpoint" to "We are venturing off as friends" happened a bit suddenly as you mentioned. It was as if there was a scene in between that got cut, or that first scene was cut early.
220	Abaddon	2013-04-08	1) She was already on her way out of the place with no one blocking her and the door. 2) I would expect there would be horses outside, although I didn't see anyone on horseback, so maybe not.I don't think she'd run away with Gendry and Hot Pie still captured... just my two cents.
221	King of Hats	2013-04-08	I gave it 4. Pretty weak episode...Can't remember much of it tbh!
+Anguy, Hound, Joffrey is more interesting!
+Sansa/QOT/Margery scene(great acting on all parts)
+Jaime/Briene scenes were alright
Not bothered-
Thoros(not how I remember him, but I dod like Paul Kaye)
The Reeds(not a good intro, and did Jojen tell Bran he was the 3EC?...but theya are both very well cast imo)
-Cat, Mance, Jon, Tyrion, Shae, Tulisa
-Direction seems to have got a lot poorer this season imo.
222	greatgeek	2013-04-08	8.5/10
The Good
-QoT/Sansa/Margery
-Margery playing the game (really liking these invented scenes so far)
-Reed intro (could have use a bit more time to establish why they're there, but still good)
-Arya/BwB
-Jamie/Brienne (liked the fight, a brawl would have been better but w/e)
-Theon
The Meh
-Catelyn's speech (thought it was quite good until she says "everything bad that's happened to the Starks is the result of her not being able to love Jon", wtf?)
-Mance, Tormund (not bad but haven't grabbed me the way their book counterparts did)
-Robb (hopefully things start to happen in this storyline after the Tullys are introduced)
The Bad
-Shae scenes
223	Kenton Stark	2013-04-08	8-The whole Cat thing was stupid unless they have something big planned around it later. Which could happen.
QOT was amazing. the way Marg acted so casual when Sansa confirmed Joff was a monster was a great bit of subtle acting, she's not sweating it.
The Breine and Jamie fight was very lame, have some real martial artist train these people if they are going to be some of the greatest fighters in Westros
Hate Talissa and the way the show is destroying Robb's character.
Theon scenes were good
Did anyone else catch Jojen's comment. "I SAW it" talking about the rebellion. Maybe Jojen seeing the rebellion and possibly the TOJ incident will give Bran and us some much needed info. Like J=R+L, how Howland saved Ned or if N+W=J. What do you guys think?
224	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-08	I just re-watched this episode. It baffles me that anyone could think EP 1 was better. I think some people are being too hard about the Jamie/Brienne sword fight. Lets all remember Jamie wasn't at full strength and he had manicles on. Also, it's not Brienne's intent to kill him. Yes, it could have been better, but it didn't suck IMO.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 08 April 2013 - 01:49 PM.
225	Conchobar	2013-04-08	Very good episode, and better than the first, and I enjoyed the first. I enjoyed the Robb scenes, the Catelyn scene was strange though, as was the scene with Shae. I give it a 9.
I am excited about what they will do with Ramsay this season. I foudn Cat's monologue weird, but I did not hate it. To be honest I found it more realistic than book Cat's lack of remorse for a boy she watched grow up.
I loved Jojen and Meera, Thoros and Anguy. Great introduction for all of them.
I loved Olenna obviously.
I did not like Shae's scene with Tyrion but I guess I can see where they are taking her character now.
I also don't think Jack Gleeson is getting enough credit for this episode, but I guess that is because he is so natural in his role.
I didn't mind the sword fight scene, Jaime is clearly weaker and rustier from being a prisoner for months.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 08 April 2013 - 02:08 PM.
226	mafalda	2013-04-08	I gave it a 7. I automatically deducted a point for no Dany. I understand that every character can't be in every episode, but still. She's my fave /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />
Minus another point for Cat & Talisa's conversation. Unlike everyone else, I'm not complaining about what Cat said, or her apparent character assasination. I'm not trying to decipher her words, not trying to figure her out, not trying to see where D&D is taking this... I simply thought it was a very boring, very long conversation.
Minus one more for Shae, and the fact that such a brilliant actor like PD must share screen time with this woman.
Everyone hated on Brienne and Jaime's fight scene but I thought it was pretty good! Sure, it didn't end in the river, but fine. Remember that Brienne's intent was not to kill Jaime.
Loved the new characters-Reeds, Queen of Thorns, Orell and his eagle, Thoros, Anguy, etc..Orell warging was the most interesting thing to happen beyond the wall this episode and last.
Can't wait for the hunt for Reek next week!
227	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I just re-watched this episode. It baffles me that anyone could think EP 1 was better. I think some people are being too hard about the Jamie/Brienne sword fight. Lets all remember Jamie wasn't at full strength and he had manicles on. Also, it's not Brienne's intent to kill him. Yes, it could have been better, but it didn't suck IMO.But with Jamie's skill at arms is legendary in the books, he is seen as the best fighter in Westeros. Even in his depleted condition he gave Brienne a real run for her money in the books, and that scene is key to where they begin to develop some respect for each other. Brieanne gets a glimpse on how skilled Jamie is and it awes her, and Jamie begins to realize that Brienne is legitimate not just a wench with a sword but a legitimate fighter with skills worth respecting.The show has done a pretty poor job depicting Jamie's skill at arms, and its essential to who his character is and who his character becomes.
228	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I gave it a 7. I automatically deducted a point for no Dany. I understand that every character can't be in every episode, but still. She's my fave /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />Minus another point for Cat & Talisa's conversation. Unlike everyone else, I'm not complaining about what Cat said, or her apparent character assasination. I'm not trying to decipher her words, not trying to figure her out, not trying to see where D&D is taking this... I simply thought it was a very boring, very long conversation.Minus one more for Shae, and the fact that such a brilliant actor like PD must share screen time with this woman.Everyone hated on Brienne and Jaime's fight scene but I thought it was pretty good! Sure, it didn't end in the river, but fine. Remember that Brienne's intent was not to kill Jaime.Loved the new characters-Reeds, Queen of Thorns, Orell and his eagle, Thoros, Anguy, etc..Orell warging was the most interesting thing to happen beyond the wall this episode and last.Can't wait for the hunt for Reek next week!Right, in the books Brienne's objective to stay alive against the best fighter on the continent. Not casually block his blows and beat him up like she did in the show.
229	mafalda	2013-04-08	Right, in the books Brienne's objective to stay alive against the best fighter on the continent. Not casually block his blows and beat him up like she did in the show.I'm sure that if she fought him with the intent to kill him, the fight would have gone differently. Maybe it just wasn't one of the scenes I was peeing my pants to see is why I feel differently than everyone else. Then some of the scenes that I want to see, that I'm all WTF! everyone else is like whatever. Difference of opinion I guess!
230	Abaddon	2013-04-08	After watching the show's version of the Jaime/Brienne fight and thinking it over some more, I've come to the conclusion that the book version was pretty unrealistic.  No way Jaime can fight effectively while his hands are manacled together and he's been literally chained up for months.  I don't care if you are the best swordsman of Westeros, if you've been chained up for that long you're going to be in horrible shape and have no stamina at all.
231	protar	2013-04-08	I gave it a 7/10, same as last week even though I liked it a tad less. It was overall decent but I guess it just wasn't really memorable enough. I didn't agree with everything in last week's episode but virtually all of it stuck out. Here, not so much. A lot of it felt like filler and just recapping what had already happened, I felt like there could have been more progression.
But mostly it was a good episode, I thought that the Bran and Arya scenes were perhaps the best. I'm enjoying Thoros immensely and seeing a lot of Tom O sevens in him.
232	rystine	2013-04-08	8/10, I would say 8.5 if it were an option.  I liked it somewhat better than the first episode of the season, and it's probably in my top six or seven of the series overall.  Although, given that there's only been 22 episodes so far that's not saying much I suppose.
The scenes north of the wall weren't really necessary, but weren't bad either.  At least we're reintroduced to Rast, who I believe will 
	Spoiler be the main instigator of the mutiny at Craster's 
.
Margaery continues to get better, she's playing Joffrey like a fiddle and Natalie Dormer is knocking it out of the park.  I wasnt sold on her last season, but she has changed my mind for sure.  
QoT was awesome, nuff said.  Sansa was great in that scene as well.
Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie, and the BwB were fun scenes as well.  I liked that they kept Thoros as a happy-go-lucky kind of guy.  It will give his descent into depression more impact (if they keep that in the story) if we see him as a joyful guy beforehand.  I also loved how Gendry said what all the fans were thinking, "you could have chosen three people to kill and you chose those guys?"
I didn't hate Catelyn's scene as much as I thought I might.  Although Robb's stuff in general was nothing to write home about, neither great nor terrible.
I quite liked Bran and the Reeds scenes.  I liked how Jojen was pretty straightforward with explanations of their various magical abilities, rather than the cryptic ways it was explained in the books.  And obviously that is a great setup for some potential backstory, now lets see if they can take advantage of that.
					
					
							Edited by rystine, 08 April 2013 - 02:34 PM.
233	protar	2013-04-08	After watching the show's version of the Jaime/Brienne fight and thinking it over some more, I've come to the conclusion that the book version was pretty unrealistic.  No way Jaime can fight effectively while his hands are manacled together and he's been literally chained up for months.  I don't care if you are the best swordsman of Westeros, if you've been chained up for that long you're going to be in horrible shape and have no stamina at all.Which is exactly what happens in the show as well.... or am I missing something.
234	Hand of the Kingslayer	2013-04-08	All in all, a great episode. 
The introduction of the Reeds felt a bit out of the blue/unexplained compared to the books, but i'm glad they're finally a part of the series.
Is it just me or does the cgi of the direwolves look much better this season than last?
it feels a bit weird to see Theon again so soon after having to wait until ADwD in the books, but his scenes were excellent, and i'm glad they included it as Alfie Allen has been incredible as Theon so far. 
Everyone seems to hate the Jon/Cat story, but I though it was kind of a refreshing add to Catelyn's character. I agree it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense to book Cat, but i don;t think it takes anything away from TV Cat.
Paul Kaye as Thoros seems like a great addition so far. I always felt Thoros was a bit underused in the books and combining his character with Tom Seven Strings, and a bit of Lem seems to makes sense.  
I really hope we get a lot more of the QOT in future episodes. Her scene with Sansa and Margarey seemed almost too short. 
Tyrion/Shae scene was pretty awful. The only reason i can imagine it was even in the episode would be to maybe foreshadow some of shae's jealousy as a potential plot point to try and better explain some up her upcoming decisions. 
Also, like most everyone else on this forum, I am not a huge fan of Talisa. Maybe we're not supposed to like her, but i kind of hate that i'm forced to agree with Rickard Karstark at all. 
Finally, the fight scene. I keep reading about how people thought it was lame, and how they should have had fast paced lightsaber choerography, which is just silly. it was paced fairly slowly which i really liked and i thought a the choreography was pretty well done given the situation. i do wish they would have played up the fact that Jamie was the superior swordsman, and only lost due to being manacled/malnourished etc. 
In any case, I'm looking forward to episode 3
235	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I'm sure that if she fought him with the intent to kill him, the fight would have gone differently. Maybe it just wasn't one of the scenes I was peeing my pants to see is why I feel differently than everyone else. Then some of the scenes that I want to see, that I'm all WTF! everyone else is like whatever. Difference of opinion I guess!I thought it was one of Jaime's coolest moments, being in his weakened state, expecting to run right through her, realizing "she's stronger than me" and going through the list of others in the realm who are also stronger, starting to respect her as a fighter.I know we're not going to get all that in the show, but a decently competitive fight would have been nice.
236	shiola	2013-04-08	Well Jojen mentions that when he heard about Ned, Howland cried, the only time his son had seen him do so. I expect if we get a version of the KotLT story that will reinforce their friendship again, but I have no idea if D&D will cut it out.Also the transition from "We have you at spearpoint" to "We are venturing off as friends" happened a bit suddenly as you mentioned. It was as if there was a scene in between that got cut, or that first scene was cut early.Hopefully their scenes aren't always rushed!  They better include KotLT.  You're right, that would reinforce the friendship.I wish they had at least included the oath, or a version of it.  But "ice and fire" isn't as big of a theme in the show as it is in the books, so I understand.  Still, it would have explained why they're cool with the Reeds.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 08 April 2013 - 02:45 PM.
237	King Tyrion I	2013-04-08	I liked it very much and gave it 9/10.
I missed Butterbumps, but the rest was really great.
238	Sun	2013-04-08	Finally watched it. Was pleasantly surprised in that I liked it. I gave it a 7, higher by 1 than the premiere.
No particularly memorable scenes in this ep, I did however like the Robb's scene with Karstark as they stood by the side of road watching their army march. I thought it was well acted, well executed, and the final Karstark line "I think you lost this war the day you married that woman" [cut to Talysa uncomfortable on horseback] was very well timed and delivered a hefty punch, as well as foreshadowing.
One thing that stands out about this ep however, and I believe in large part the reason why I liked it, is the smoothness of the transitions from storyline to storyline. They were so seamless, for the first time for some time on this show the transitions felt unobtrusive and completely natural.
Catelyn's monologue; Well acted, and moving, in fact my eyes teared up watching the scene, but still... I can not help but resent the continued mutilation of her character.  
I can go no further without bidding welcome to the new GOT member, Ramsay! I was happy to see him.
Now, to what I didn't like:
The fight scene between Brienne and Jaime was dire. Further proof that this director really can't do action scenes.
The Cersie/Joff scene was awfully hammy.
The Margery/Joff scene again very hammy. Joff's portrayal in this ep verged on scenery chewing.
Didn't like the white pupils on the warg, I don't feel there's a need for such an obvious visual device. But this show was never known for its subtlety.
So, as a whole a very nice, if somewhat forgettable episode. Still better than the premiere, though.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 April 2013 - 02:54 PM.
239	iceandfireking	2013-04-08	I personally like this episode very much.  Most scences are carried out brilightly and the transitions between scenses are very smooth. Many past episodes made me feel like watching a powerpoint presentation, but I have no problem with this episode
240	Sun	2013-04-08	I personally like this episode very much.  Most scences are carried out brilightly and the transitions between scenses are very smooth. Many past episodes made me feel like watching a powerpoint presentation, but I have no problem with this episodeI agree with the smooth transition. As I mentioned in my post above, I think it's the stand out feature of this ep, and the main reason why I liked it.
241	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	Finally watched it. Was pleasantly surprised in that I liked it. I gave it a 7, higher by 1 than the premiere.No particularly memorable scenes in this ep, I did however like the Robb's scene with Karstark as they stood by the side of road watching their army march. I thought it was well acted, well executed, and the final Karstark line "I think you lost this war the day you married that woman" [cut to Talysa uncomfortable on horseback] was very well timed and delivered a hefty punch, as well as foreshadowing.One thing that stands out about this ep however, and I believe in large part the reason why I liked it, is the smoothness of the transitions from storyline to storyline. They were so seamless, for the first time for some time on this show the transitions felt unobtrusive and completely natural.Catelyn's monologue; Well acted, and moving, in fact my eyes teared up watching the scene, but still... I can not help but resent the continued mutilation of her character.  I can go no further without bidding welcome to the new GOT member, Ramsay! I was happy to see him.Now, to what I didn't like:The fight scene between Brienne and Jaime was dire. Further proof that this director really can't do action scenes.The Cersie/Joff scene was awfully hammy.The Margery/Joff scene again very hammy. Joff's portrayal in this ep verged on scenery chewing.Didn't like the white pupils on the warg, I don't feel there's a need for such an obvious visual device. But this show was never known for its subtlety.So, as a whole a very nice, if somewhat forgettable episode. Still better than the premiere, though.Great points, I agree with all of them.To quote someone in another thread: "Damn this show really flows without Dany"
					
					
							Edited by Lux in Tenebris, 08 April 2013 - 03:01 PM.
242	eddard of the house stark	2013-04-08	Gave it an 8.
They did a great job introducing all the new characters (The best ones imo being Olenna and Thoros), and generally the episode was good and worked really well as a character introduction episode.
My biggest complaints I guess would be the fighting scene between Jaimie and Brienne, which felt kind of weird and the scene between Talisa and Cat. I don't think it was such a bad scene but a bit too long and unnecessary. (since they have all this story to cover and 1 hour doesn't seem enough for one episode)
243	Sun	2013-04-08	To quote someone in another thread: "Damn this show really flows without Dany"That's so true! It didn't dawn on me that she wasn't in this ep until you posted it. I did not miss her AT ALL.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 April 2013 - 03:06 PM.
244	Keeper-of-the-Old-Ways	2013-04-08	I thought the first 15 or so minutes felt rushed, nothing was given much weight. The news of Brand and Rickon especially, that just didn't pack any punch for me. Also, changing it from <U+0080><U+009C>dead<U+0080><U+009D> to <U+0080><U+009C>missing<U+0080><U+009D> lessened the impact significantly. I found the Queen of Thorn's less dynamic than in the books, and Sansa's misery felt <U+0080><U+009C>off<U+0080><U+009D> as well. Joffrey's scenes felt redundant: it just seemed like a repeat of what we got last week. Tyrion and Shae should also go in the inane grouping.I hope Theon's story results in being more than just a series of gruesome torture scenes (although, to be honest, some of the execution came across as a little comedic to me..). I thought the Brotherhood were given a satisfactory introduction and I liked the scene between Robb and Karstark. B and J's fight was drab. Minahan has no sense of rhythm when it comes to action sequences, and on top of that, it just didn't seem like a serious escape attempt. I thought Jaime should have been more aggressive and desperate. The Wildling scene was just there. I'd have preferred Mance to confide in winning the clans over through being a strong, dependable leader rather than just the generic <U+0080><U+009C>they'd all die!<U+0080><U+009D>. Jon didn't do anything in this scene either. The Night's Watch scene was unreal. It came across like a boring field trip, with Rast playing the school bully. It needed more tension, a sense of rising fear, getting back to the Wall should be a race against time. Everyone should be overwhelmed with fear, men falling behind and being picked off in the shadows. The real problem though is that it just feels like a series of scenes played one after the other. There's nothing overarching to connect them. Instead of being one story told through many viewpoints, it feels like many plots thrown together. The episodes are lacking a thematic core which, I think, is imperative when you're dealing with multiple storylines that don't have the much connecting them plot-wise. Oh, I'd give it 6/10 or so.
					
					
							Edited by Andrew_Snow, 08 April 2013 - 03:21 PM.
245	Wings	2013-04-08	Loved it! I was pleasantly surprised by the changes in Catelyn. It may be the first time that I not felt like I should get myself a ticket to Westeros to slap some sense in her. Well done!
I did not like the scene with Shae and Tyrion. It just didn't work. And the beginning of the scene with Olenna and Sansa started too awkward - bad acting. The rest of the scene was perfect, though.
Thoros was another pleasant surprised. Well cast. The Reeds too. Much better than Mance.
Not sure what to think about all the changes in the story line compared to the books. But as long as it works, I'll tag along.
246	Abaddon	2013-04-08	Which is exactly what happens in the show as well.... or am I missing something.In the book, while Jaime does tire, it's a long fight and much more competitive.  In the show he tires very quickly and she beats him down really easily, and derisively.  The objection that I was replying to was the show doesn't leave one with a sense that Jaime is one of the best fighters in Westeros, because Brienne beats him so easily.  I agree that Jaime comes across as less of a badass in the show version, but I've concluded that it is more realistic that way given the conditions of his long imprisonment.  Hope that helps clarify my thinking.
247	nirolo	2013-04-08	Am I the only one who likes the new direction that the directors are going with Cat?
The scene where she sits all alone, shoulders collapsed, obsessively working on the prayer wheel makes it impossible for me to not shed a tear (and shedding a tear I did). It will be interesting to see what this newly established relationship between Jon and Cat leads to down the line. 
The look on Arya's face when the Hound calls her out is priceless. 
It is pure fun to watch Brienne and Jamie go at each other, verbally and physically. 
And I am calling the Queen of Thorns the Queen of Thrones. 
Ep. 302 gets a 10/10. I laughed, I cried, and I enjoyed it through and through.
248	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-08	Very good episode. The only cringeworthy scene was Cat and Talissa. A few other nitpicks, but nothing major. Yes Brienne vs. Jaime looked too staged and not as fuild as top swordspersons should look, but it worked well enough.
Very very happy with QoT. Great scene, pulled almost 100% from the book (dialogue-wise of course). The show didn't make me want lemoncakes as much as reading of them did.
249	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-08	Wow, this was a big improvement over last week and i thought the premiere was great. Almost too many things to praise in this episode. Diana Rigg as Olenna was the highlight for me - she was excellent. Loved the Jaime Brienne fight, his comments on Renly were brilliant and Gwendoline Christie gets better as Brienne each episode.
250	Snookson	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8. A point above last weeks 7.
Cat's monologue was well written, but obviously way off of her actual character.
Ramsay was forgettable as a character. Which is good, because that is how he is portrayed in the book.
BWB scene was great. Anguy was awesome, but where is Lem and his yellow cloak?? Thoros seems to have incorporated Tom O' Sevens penchant for song and jest. It kind of irked me at first, but the actor pulled it off well. I approve. Was hoping to see a flaming sword... (Why was the BWB singing The Rains of Castamere? That bugged me a lot. Even if it was as a joke, that is still very odd... was it an oversight?)
I really enjoyed Joff and Margaery's scene with the crossbow. Damn she is conniving! (and convincing)
QoT was solid. No complaints.
I have found that I dislike Ygritte. A lot. Even though she just poked her head in one scene in this ep, I cringed. Actually, I dislike the whole North of the wall storyline I think. I'm not a fan of Mance's portrayal and Tormund has yet to convince me. Orell (sp?) didn't impress me either. I thought he would have more animosity toward Jon?
Finally a decent scene with Robb. I thought they laid on the foreshadowing a little thick, but that is to be expected for non-book reading audiences.
The thing that upset me the most about Brienne and Jaime's fight is that she was never really in any danger. In the book she was actually fighting for her life. Kind of lame.
The Hound scene was great. I really dig about every scene he is in throughout the series. Great acting.
Tyrion/Shae...meh.
Jojen and Meera were just about exactly as I imagined them.
Thought it was pretty decent overall.
251	gordonah	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8.
Loved a lot of the episode. It's a while since I read the books (read them one after the other in 2011 after seeing the first series), but I'm pleasantly surprised about how much story content is squeezed in to an episode.
Only bit I wasn't keen on was the Cat reversal re Jon Snow. Just didn't seem right.
252	shiola	2013-04-08	(Why was the BWB singing The Rains of Castamere? That bugged me a lot. Even if it was as a joke, that is still very odd... was it an oversight?)I figured it was because they wanted to reintroduce us to the song 
	Spoiler before the RW
253	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-08	Lets just see how the Hound's trial turns out.  If that fight sucks then we can all get scared about sword fights.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 08 April 2013 - 04:41 PM.
254	King of the Road	2013-04-08	(Why was the BWB singing The Rains of Castamere? That bugged me a lot. Even if it was as a joke, that is still very odd... was it an oversight?)It's a catchy song, I imagine it's one that people belt out regardless of their allegiance. It is a good tune after all. Also, Tom o'Sevens sings it in the books just off the cuff, so that could be proof that it's a generic song sung by many. Having Thoros sing it also provides a little nod to small details for the book readers.Lets just see how the Hound's trial turns out.  If that fight sucks then we can all get scared.Whether something sucks though is a subjective thing, I mean I thought Jaime vs Brienne was pretty damn good. It should be spectacular if nothing else, it can't fail to be with a 
	Spoiler  flaming sword and of course Beric 
 . Even if it is merely average though it's hardly the be all and end all of the show, there are many more epic moments still to come!The Hound 
	Spoiler  vs Beric 
 is (in my opinion) comparatively low on the list of things I'm most excited for in the TV series.
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 08 April 2013 - 04:40 PM.
255	Srefanius	2013-04-08	Hey fans of ice and fire, new to the party!
I voted 8, but I'm more for 7.5. It was a solid episode and I hadn't big problems with cats scene. What I really loved was Sansas scene with the QOT. Awesomly played by Turner, really loved how you could feel Sansas thoughts just by her acting, well done. Real things will start later this season, but still solid performance by all.
And the Reeds... at last. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Srefanius, 08 April 2013 - 04:52 PM.
256	NeilSpoon	2013-04-08	Much better than the first episode. 8 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
257	Maceless Fan	2013-04-08	For me the Queen of Thorns stole the episode. The Kingslayer/ Brienne fight wasn't as spectacular as in the books but it was perfunctory. The Cat scene annoyed me a bit (but not as much as some of you lol) and though the Shae scene sucked, at least we didn't have any Ros scenes. I'd give it an 8.5 (I've voted 9 since I can't vote 8.5).
258	ohpooratlas	2013-04-08	I gave it a 9.  I thought it was a really good episode.  Quicker paced than the premeir too.The casting for Thoros was PERFECT.  I wasn't crazy excited for the BWOB scenes but Thoros and Arya sold me more than I ever thought they could.  Loved the introduction of the Reeds.  Loved Sophie's scene with the QoT and Marg.  LOVED Jaime and Brienne's fight scene. Just so much love all around.Also ... I didn't think Cat's scene was that bad.  Not sure why it was necessary (okay, so I can take a gander but whatever) ... but yeah.  Not the character assasinaion I was expecting.
259	Ser Luke.	2013-04-08	I gave it an 8/10
I thought almost everything was great, except the Shae/Tyrion scene and a couple other minor problems. Not quite as good as the premiere, but still a great way to start up a season.
260	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-08	A solid 8.5.
Some scenes slowed the pace, and others felt unnecessary, but the others made up for them.
The new additions all seemed great.
Love the emphasis on the boltons.
By far the funniest episode yet.
The fight was awesome, and despite what many people claim, Jaime was obviously giving Brienne a hard time for the first half. 
The Cat scene was great, although perhaps they over emphasized it.
261	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-08	8/10. Frigging' loved Thoros. Queen of Thorns was also very good as expected and I enjoyed the fight between Jaime and Brienne (although wish it had been longer). Liked Theon's scene too and Jojen brought a lot of charisma to his role. (a part of the books I don't find particularly interesting). 
Was expecting Cat to be bad but ended up just being 'meh' about it. Overall, this was another episode of setup, and for what it was it did well.
262	shiola	2013-04-08	8/10. Frigging' loved Thoros. Queen of Thorns was also very good as expected and I enjoyed the fight between Jaime and Brienne (although wish it had been longer). Liked Theon's scene too and Jojen brought a lot of charisma to his role. (a part of the books I don't find particularly interesting).Was expecting Cat to be bad but ended up just being 'meh' about it. Overall, this was another episode of setup, and for what it was it did well.I agree!  Maybe it's just something about Thomas' face, I don't know, but he seemed to have this presence about him that was less somber than I imagined in the book.  He kinda had some swag.
263	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	Really very happy with ep 2.
Loved the reeds (i adored that kid in love actually!), perfect casting.
Cat's scene was sad. i liked it even if it wasn't in the book. 
Always love Arya. Maisie Williams is a gun.
Brianne and Jamie! Loved!
I was sad not to see Dany, but that's just building tension.
264	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	I agree!  Maybe it's just something about Thomas' face, I don't know, but he seemed to have this presence about him that was less somber than I imagined in the book.  He kinda had some swag.I didn't really think about it, but Jojen swag is an improvement over Jojen bore. He's actually a bit annoying in the books, and as a result Bran's chapters end up a bit boring in general even though I do enjoy them. A charismatic Jojen will definitely lighten the mood of that journey and make it more interesting, at least just to watch his performance.
265	Despot	2013-04-08	Telling the truth, I am a bit disappointed. It isn't a bad episode - not at all - but, it isn't excellent either. Simply, beside introducing new characters, it really hasn't much to offer; some very good moments, yes, but in this story and this show , "good" is not enough. I'm asking for at least one "WOW!" moment per episode, especially in this season to be fully satisfied. 
New characters : QoT was excellent. Thoros - very good, really, but different from the books. I liked Thoros from the books, because he was a drunken priest who - ironically - found religion and some kind of "inner peace" (calmness) in war, like that some part of him died in battles; But here we have different Thoros, drunk, and more alive. It's not bad at all , it's simply different. 
I really need to get rid of an image of "Books Marg" ; This isn't it. As simple as that. Natalie Dormer is very good, I think,but maybe too good : She is older and, more important , "stronger" (as a person) than "Books Marg". That alone changes the character totally. 
And, I am disappointed with Jaime - Brienne fight. It was good, but it didn't show Jaime's skill. At this point, after more than two  seasons , you  need to read the books to find out that Jaime is a great swordsman - you would never guess that from the show. And it isn't right.  It is significant trait of his character. 
I apologize for any errors, I'm not a native speaker. I just hope that you could understand /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
266	Hear me Meow	2013-04-08	There were a lot of good scenes in this episode but it was dragged down by the horrible, and unforgivable, final degradation they inflicted on showCat. So 6/10. Sort of deserves 7/10 but I can't get over that 'I should have been Jon Snow's mum' scene.
However, the Sansa-Olenna-Marge scene was excellent. I really liked Bran's stuff and the introduction of the Reeds was fine. Arya scenes were also good. 
I dislike showBrienne (I don't like bookBrienne either) and the fight really made Jaime out to be a bit useless, although I disagree about it being poorly done. I thought it looked fine.
Marge is growing on me and I quite liked her scene with Joff. 
The beyond the wall scene was ok, Jon show was not given enough rope to hang himself with this week. 
The Shae-Tyrion scene was very annoying. I am sick of Shae thinking she can get away with stabbing people or sorting out LF when there is no way she can get away with doing that.
But yea, the Cat scenes were an utter abomination.
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Cute, 08 April 2013 - 06:53 PM.
267	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Telling the truth, I am a bit disappointed. It isn't a bad episode - not at all - but, it isn't excellent either. Simply, beside introducing new characters, it really hasn't much to offer; some very good moments, yes, but in this story and this show , "good" is not enough. I'm asking for at least one "WOW!" moment per episode, especially in this season to be fully satisfied.To be fair, aSoS doesn't get WOW until later. It's actually relatively slow moving in the beginning, and not in a bad way. But to really pull of the WOW they have to set some groundwork. There are a lot of WOW moments still to come.
268	Maxthestig	2013-04-08	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=x1FclOnGXowHere is my review.I gave it 7 out of 10This was still an opening episode in the terms of it is introducing you to new characters. Good episode and I can't wait for the rest of the series!Favourite scene was with Cat talking about Jon Snow. It actually moved me! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
269	Despot	2013-04-08	@DarkAndFullOfTurnips ( great nick, by the way /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> )
Well, that's true..  Still...something is missing, I don't know how to explain that...some detail that makes one scene (any scene)  really memorable. 
To be fair, maybe I am  expecting too much,
270	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	@DarkAndFullOfTurnips ( great nick, by the way /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> )Well, that's true..  Still...something is missing, I don't know how to explain that...some detail that makes one scene (any scene)  really memorable.To be fair, maybe I am  expecting too much,I think that in S1 at least, the episode endings in particular were more "OH SHIT" and that carried on for the most part in S2. There are of course some exceptions. But I think given the content they have to work with, the latter half of the season will all be OH SHIT moments, perhaps even as early as E03 or E04.
271	Died a Hero	2013-04-08	Gave another 9. Well, to be honest I gave it a 7...then had my mind changed by a solid rewatch.First the bad.Tyrion. Wait, Tyrion in the bad section? wtf? The set up of Shea the Funny Whore's downfall is boring and unnecessary. I don't care if the TV audience (who I normally back vs. the hardcore book nuts) need to know why she turns on her Little Lion. She's a shady whore who takes her best shot at keeping her head and moving on up when Tyrion's trial takes a turn for the worse. Simple as that.Cat. Well, I guess that's one way to show her grief. This scene is what made me give the 7 the first time.Thoros. Man...why are they combining Thoros and Lem? Thoros is somber, ashamed of his past actions and enthralled with his rebirth to the Red God. Lem is loud, often drunk and braggadocios. Which one did you see last night?Alright, now the good.The Reeds. I love the Reeds. Little Grandfather was perfect with a capital P.My name is Reek. Reek, it rhymes with meek.The Hound and the explanation on how he was captured.I see a lot of hate on the Jamie/Brienne fight but I'm not sure why. Outside of the comical last lunge, it was "by the book." Jaime has been wasting away, is shackled, unarmored, and still held his end of the fight up for more than half of the rumble. Anyone hating just dislikes Brienne (and that makes you no friend of mine) and nothing done would have made you happy.The way Gendry Needled (see what I did there?) Arya about her three kills. And the way Anguy got Hotpie to move.I coulda used a little,"A bear, A BEAR! All black and brown and covered with hair!" but outside of that, the Queen convo was perfect. "He's a monster!"All and all, a great episode. I can't wait for the season to kick into high gear if this is what we're going to get with the build.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 08 April 2013 - 08:58 PM.
272	Ser Bronn's Mullet	2013-04-08	Pros:
Lady Olenna
Arya/BWB
Jojen and Meera
Margery/Joffrey 
Jaime/Brienne
Cons:
Tyrion/Shae (as much as it pains me to say it)
Retreat to the Wall
273	Justin Danford	2013-04-08	5
Pro:
- The "new" characters are all entertaining
- The Theon/Ramsey/Reek buildup seems promising
- The Margaery playing Joffery insight seems interesting
- Sansa scene with Olena was perfect
Con:
- Why is Thoros singing the reyens of castamere? I get you want it to be a recognizable song for the RW, but the significance of it in the RW is how out of place it is. When everyone in the whole damn show is singing Westeros number 1 hit (including supposed good guys who are not Stark threats) that cue dissapears.
- Shae
- Catlyn's Jon snow story. I remember how GRRM said he doesn't like fan-fiction. 
- Jamies fight. Yeah he is rusty, but he looked as useless as Arya vs. Thoros. Shouldn't the point be to build up the weight his "loss" will carry?
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 08 April 2013 - 08:56 PM.
274	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-08	It's a catchy song, I imagine it's one that people belt out regardless of their allegiance. It is a good tune after all. Also, Tom o'Sevens sings it in the books just off the cuff, so that could be proof that it's a generic song sung by many. Having Thoros sing it also provides a little nod to small details for the book readers.Whether something sucks though is a subjective thing, I mean I thought Jaime vs Brienne was pretty damn good. It should be spectacular if nothing else, it can't fail to be with a 
	Spoiler  flaming sword and of course Beric 
 . Even if it is merely average though it's hardly the be all and end all of the show, there are many more epic moments still to come!The Hound 
	Spoiler  vs Beric 
 is (in my opinion) comparatively low on the list of things I'm most excited for in the TV series.I'm more with you. I really had no complaints. I think this season has started nicely and now that everything is setup I expect the season to really start taking form next Sunday. I couldn't be more excited.
275	HouseCrellin	2013-04-08	Loved and hated the episode. I enjoy all the lead ups, but not showing Daenerys's storyline is a killer for me, Those unsullied warriors are too cool, who need's nipples anyways. /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />. I can't wait for next week, crossing my fingers and hoping to see more about ghost and the giants.
276	Dragonstoned	2013-04-08	9/10 much better than ep301! Really liked everything except for the Catelyn wtf monologue and 'Shae the funny whore'.
Margaery is finnnnne as well.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 08 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
277	shiola	2013-04-08	I didn't really think about it, but Jojen swag is an improvement over Jojen bore. He's actually a bit annoying in the books, and as a result Bran's chapters end up a bit boring in general even though I do enjoy them. A charismatic Jojen will definitely lighten the mood of that journey and make it more interesting, at least just to watch his performance.And maybe his paste will taste better!
278	Caryn Stark	2013-04-08	8/10
I didn't watch the Cat/Talisa scene because I knew what was coming and that I probably couldn't bear it.
Loved the QoT and Reed introductions. The marg/joff scene worked for me. As did the BWB and as an adaptation as a whole I loved it. I still wish Mance was different and wonder where Ghost is and why Jon doesn't know what a warg is... Other than that loved Brienne fighting Jaime. So excited for next week!
279	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-04-08	7/10! I loved it but I know the next episodes will only improve.
This adaptation is firing on all cylinders now.
Jojen and Thoros - > best improved characters from the books. I want to hang out with them!
280	ebevan91	2013-04-08	The swordfight was the biggest letdown of the episode in my opinion. They really need to show Jaime's swordfighting capabilities. Now when he 
	Spoiler loses his hand, it won't mean as much to viewers, particularly non-readers.

					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 08 April 2013 - 10:08 PM.
281	Lannister Accountant	2013-04-08	7/10 from meDespite having so much going on, the ballance of it was good.What I liked - Dormer is absolutely killing it as Margaery Tyrell.  Knowing what I know from the prior season and last week's episode, Dormer is just running away with what's been given her and although her character is supposed to be younger, she's able to play her younger and still be completely manipulative of Joffery in every scene-Diana Rigg as Lady Olena is all kinds of win.  True, I didn't get a certain character in her scene, that whole interaction between Lady Olena, Sansa and Margaery was about as good as I could have hoped for.  Bravo.- Thoros of Myr.  The scene where the BWoB is introduced was pretty dead on.  Kudos to whoever said, making Thoros the happy, drunk lover of the red god was a good choice.What I did not like- Robb is being set up as the loser too early.  It must be remembered, that despite the setbacks with Winterfell, Robb never lost in the field, but then, I suppose not giving Lord Karstark the chance to gripe would ruin the foreshaowing of all the tragedy to further strike the Starks this season.- Talisa's character comes off as extra baggage.  -Shae and Tyrion just didn't do it for me this time out.  Of course we (book readers) all know where this is leading, but it just seems superfluous to me to have Tyrion and Shae banter back and forth on Tyrion's dalliances.About that Cat Scene- as a book reader it seems almost heretical to say, but I took Cat's whole monologue to be about accepting Jon Snow as her own, although perhaps not entirely legitimate son (although she used the phrase "one of us", the Starks raised Theon Greyjoy almost as one of them and yet none of us consider Theon to be a Stark, do we?)- the scene was well acted and I am REALLY hoping the long knives aren't going to come out for Michele Fairley's portrayal- I know D & D are trying to make the character more sympathetic for a reason.  More often than not it's b/c Cat feels wronged by others.  This whole scene was really about Cat admitting her failures to her family and there's something to be said about that.
282	mynameiscrom	2013-04-08	I would give 302 a 7 out of 10. Excellence was not achieved due to the Cat scene which deviated from the book, and, the Tyrion/Shae scene. 
However, this was a vast improvement over 301 which I'd give a 5, it was too flat, and I h8'd the Barrstan Selmy part. My favorite scene was the ladies discussing the real Joffrey, Dolorous Edd, and I really enjoyed Thoros and Anguy. 
Off-topic, we really need more Balon. I mean a lot more. I could use more Balon.
283	Lord Kyle	2013-04-08	Better than last week's episode. Upped my vote to a 2 compared to my 1 for last week's.
284	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-08	Easily a 9, this episode set up every storyline fantastically, though surely people dont actually think Rickon is going off by himself? He was probably just going to get some berries or sumfin.
285	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-09	Wasn't a fan of this episode. It was pretty slow. The highlight was clearly Jaime's failed attempt at taking on big Brienne. She was just toying with him. That had to be so emasculating for him.
286	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-09	Shae screen time is becoming painful
287	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-09	Judging this show is just too hard at this point what with all the changes and the added unnecessary scenes.That scene between Cat and the fake wife of Robb was a complete joke. Still if I had to choose I'd get it a 5
288	Where Went Whent	2013-04-09	seriously HBO? Making Cat go on like that. Seriously? I think those guys have it in for Catelyn Stark, probably preparing us for the RW, so ppl wouldn't feel as much pity as we did in the book
289	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	i voted 6 maybe a bit harsh, but i still thought the episode was good... just not that good, plus I'm rather disappointing with how the season has started so far, i think its just because whats to come is so epic and i have to wait a week for each episode
290	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	-Shae and Tyrion just didn't do it for me this time out.  Of course we (book readers) all know where this is leading, but it just seems superfluous to me to have Tyrion and Shae banter back and forth on Tyrion's dalliances.I agree with this, i hate TV shae more than book shae,These seens are for fans of Peter Dinklage because in the third book he doesn't do much really until the 'purple wedding', so i think they are just filling his screen time with crap to satisfy the Dinklage fans
					
					
							Edited by Sir Napoleon the Pig, 09 April 2013 - 02:32 AM.
291	The Undefeated Gaul	2013-04-09	I thought it was terrible, sword fighting was shit. Margery's acting is just plain painful. Really put me off the show. Books all the way.
292	Leto Atreides	2013-04-09	I liked this episode better than the first one.  I was a bit disappointed by the Brotherhood though. They missed an opportunity to have some colorful costumes and gave us a bunch of guys dressed in bland leather & chainmail again. Why does Thoros of Myr looks like Bronn? They couldn't give him a faded red robe or shave is head to show that he's a warrior priest?
293	rumple9	2013-04-09	poor episode
294	Ran	2013-04-09	Tallying up the 494 votes, they average to a score of 7.66. Removing the top and bottom 5%, it rises to 7.8.
By way of comparison, at this time episode 1 runs a 7.55 average, with 7.63 after removing  the top and bottom 5%. So one can see that this latest episode was somewhat more divisive (which I'm going to guess largely comes down between divided opinion on the Catelyn scene and, from remarks here, unhappiness with the Jaime-Brienne fight).
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 09 April 2013 - 04:31 AM.
295	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-04-09	Loved the introduction of the Queen of Thorns (though she wasn't referred to as that).  Thought the scene came across even better than in the book, though missed Left and Right.  Surprised that they didn't include the offer to marry Sansa to Willas to get her to reveal her true feelings about Joffery, also don't like that Loras isn't in the KG.  Also loved Arya's scene, her getting disarmed then the Hound recognising her.  Also really liked the introduction of the Reeds plus Jamie and Brienne's banter - their sword fighting also looked real, both scenes were a little short for my liking.  Really like how they are developing Margaery's character.Thought Tyrion's scene was shoehorned in and was cringing through Cat's scene regarding Jon Snow.  Those two criticisms and a few timing things mean for me it was overall 8.
296	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-09	Better than last episode (no FoTfm fight was disappointing) Dany wasn't in this ep, tho Tyrion is one of my fav's I don't know why they feel the need to put Him in every episode. They'll be able to fit more of the story if they didnt waste it on ppl like shae. Hate tv shae more than book shae they waste time on her that could be spent on more important characters. We all know she went to him for her silks not Sansa they could have made better use of that time, why are they making her so nice? I hope they're not thinking of combining her with tysha that would be too much. But apart from that loved this ep, thoros BwB, the reeds really amazing.
297	Raven's Teeth	2013-04-09	8/10. Better than the first episode.
298	Raven's Teeth	2013-04-09	I realise it's not their style but HBO should think about a double opening episode for season 4.  Episodes 1 and 2 back to back would have felt more satisfying.
299	WeStillKnowNothingJonSnow	2013-04-09	Very enjoyable episode for me, moreso than the first. Although, I get disappointed when it seems to diverge from the book with developments and characters, its reasonable I guess given the depth of characters in this series. I really like that their revealing theon's scenario, which was absent in the books and I like how Ramsay is setting him up. Oh, you bastard you. Expected alot more from the fight between Jaime and Brienne. It wasnt even interesting.
300	rystine	2013-04-09	I realise it's not their style but HBO should think about a double opening episode for season 4.  Episodes 1 and 2 back to back would have felt more satisfying.I agree with this.  When me and some of my friends were talking about the first two episodes, someone mentioned that the first episode felt like the first half of a two hour season premiere.  Now after having seen the second episode of the season on sunday, and yesterday watching the two episodes back to back, I definitely agree.
301	Reposado	2013-04-09	much better than last week. both the arya and jaime stories were fuller than anything we got last week, and everything seemed to work much better as a result.
really dont think think they shoudl have run them back,. the first episode might have seen like the first of a two part pilot, but that was mostly because it was bad and offered only chunks.
this week was not the conclusion to that pilot, it was an actual episode of television. it would have suffered by being attached to last weeks unrelated stories
302	Daske	2013-04-09	Solid 8/10.In the minority probably but I thought the Cat scene was excellent (although I agree the final line was a little confusing, but not impossible to contextualise). It was well acted, fitted the portrayal, explained a lot about the way she treated Jon, and sets up what's to come. I think Cat needed this scene.The Shae/Tyrion scene was just a little dull.Everything else was great. I wish everything on TV was this well written and acted.Oh, and the Dire Wolves looked fantastic.
303	courtjezteruk	2013-04-09	Sorry, spoilers in this will move it to the appropriate section.
					
					
							Edited by courtjezteruk, 09 April 2013 - 09:35 AM.
304	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-09	I realise it's not their style but HBO should think about a double opening episode for season 4.  Episodes 1 and 2 back to back would have felt more satisfying.HBO is dropping the ball big time with only 10 sub 60-min episodes.  The first and last episodes should run 2 hours.  That's all they would need to do but they won't because they are greedy.
305	Just an archer	2013-04-09	HBO is dropping the ball big time with only 10 sub 60-min episodes.  The first and last episodes should run 2 hours.  That's all they would need to do but they won't because they are greedy.I agree, I think they should do that or have 12 episodes per season, it would be good for most of the storylines.I give this episode an 8, I liked it but some scenes (Tyrion/Shae and Marg/Joff) were too long and Cat's speech pissed me off a little.
306	Raven's Teeth	2013-04-09	HBO is dropping the ball big time with only 10 sub 60-min episodes.  The first and last episodes should run 2 hours.  That's all they would need to do but they won't because they are greedy.Completely agree.
307	Despot	2013-04-09	Sword fighting scene was good. Not excellent , but good. On one hand, Jaime and Brienne are among the best sword fighters in the series  and because of that, my expectations from that scene were very high; I'm sure that  they (D & D) could done it better, and show us how really J and B are skilled. Especially  Jaime. 
On the other hand, I really don't want to see them as a couple of ninjas - fighting and bouncing around in the perfect harmony of moves  - and I presume  D & D didn't want that either; that's why they choose to have sword fight that doesn't look as awesome as it could . And OK. 
But, I do think that they didn't represent Jaime as they should. Brienne just won too easily. For example , if Jaime had hit her just once,let's say  
in the chest - but armor saved her - and after that she won - that would be much better, if you ask me. Because, both messages would be delivered : 1) That Jaime is very, very good at this, and 2)  that she is equally good or better. 
This way, they delivered just message number 2) , and Jaime looks like "all talking" men. And that's not fine with me.
308	shiola	2013-04-09	HBO is dropping the ball big time with only 10 sub 60-min episodes.  The first and last episodes should run 2 hours.  That's all they would need to do but they won't because they are greedy.Is it greed, though?  I'm sure there's a lot that goes into it.We get 10 episodes a season.  We are lucky we do.  They are as long as they are.  No one is dropping the ball.  The network is making what it makes with the budget it has.  I'm so sick of all this HBO/writer/network bashing.
309	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-09	Gave it a 5. Imho:
1. Bran scenes were a strong point in this episode. His dream, and the Reeds were excellent. I liked Jojen a lot, even though he didnt have that much to say this time. Also Hodor perfect as usual.
2. Theon tortured. Well, what i expected basically, really nothing more/less could be done with this scene.
3. I liked the Joffrey-Cersei dialogue, shows how he's basically uncontrolable now, and foreshadows his confrontation with Tywin (at least for book readers). I didnt like his crossbow scene with Margaery. It felt idiotic to me, that king (even Joffrey) would brag before his wife-to-be about his new crossbow. Also Margaery explaining she was a virgin because Renly was gay.... Srsly why was that even there? That scene was so weird and out of character for those two, personally i would get rid of it. If you need Marg-Joff encounters, make them sound at least plausible.
4. Sansa dining with Tyrells. Well, Olenna's pretty kickass have to admit. This is a rare case when even though i imagined the character differently in the book, i totally dig this interpretation. Well played.
5. Infamous Cat scene. Well, i for one think it was well delivered. Should the scene be there at all? Well, it does change a bit the context of Jon's upbringing. As someone already said on this board, it makes the watcher feel like Cat was obliged to take Jon as one of his own, even though we know bastards are scorned it westeros. I dont think she shows even that much compassion for him to cry about how she "nearly killed him" so yeah, i feel like it makes unnecessary changes. But well, they're allowed to do that.
6. Beyond the wall. Well, D&D seem to keep with the theme that scenes beyond the wall are supposed to suck /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. Show fans still basically know nothing about Mance Rayder. I mean, seriously, the guy whose appearance is foreshadowed since season 1, and finally he arrives, gets to blurt 1 sentence per episode? Great.... Also the NW escape south seemed like a lazy march, no one seemed frightened/exhausted except Sir Piggy, and you didnt really feel like they were in a land of 8000 year old Frost Zombies. No thrill.
7. I didnt enjoy BWB scenes. Unfortunately this comes from many small flaws (in my eyes), and not a single huge one. For example when Arya asks who do they fight for, i was 100% sure they will say King Robert. That's an important characterization of BWB for me, that they identify themselves with a king whose death started the war that hurts smallfolk so much. Answering Arya's question with "The Brotherhood without Banners", well, any idiot should guess after a while that they are those outlaws Gregor was to hunt down, so why go with the obvious line /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />? I also dont like how Thoros behaves like he's drunk all the time, i think his lines should be delivered totally differently. Finally i hated Sandor's appearance. There was such an anti-hype around it i felt it was ridiculous. Here one of them catches one of the most known 7-foot killer in the realm, and no one is surprised, the just sit around and drink, there should be like a sudden silence or sth, not just Thoros yelling "hehe we got a HOUND!!" and then everyone goes about their business.
8. Shae with Tyrion. Srsly why the fuck is a whore smack talking Tyrion for like 5 minutes because he mentioned Sansa is beautiful... Pretty idiotic for me.
Summary: The new actors are mostly a delight (especially Olenna and Jojen in this episode). That cant be said of the screenplay unfortunately. I liked the 1. episode better, though it had a lot of flaws as well. I feel like the 1. episode's weakest moments come from badly written character changes (like for example making Stannis imprison Davos, how is that consistent with him really). This episode is different, i just feel there are a lot of dialogues that are  redundant, not because they change the book characters in an idiotic way, but because they were idiotic in general. Now bash me for giving it a 5.
					
					
							Edited by WardenOfTheNerds, 09 April 2013 - 03:08 PM.
310	Hoo	2013-04-09	8. Shae with Tyrion. Srsly why the fuck is a whore smack talking Tyrion for like 5 minutes because he mentioned Sansa is beautiful... Pretty idiotic for me.Wow, you are so out of tune with the movie.  Go rewatch S2.
311	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-09	Wow, you are so out of tune with the movie.  Go rewatch S2.Wow, you are so constructive with your responses. Well how is it not retarded that we have to listen her whine about how he said another girl is pretty, even if she wasn't an ex-whore and even if she's actually in love with him in the show for whatever reason D&D decided to, that dialogue sounded pretty childish.EDIT: also, wont rewatch S2 since it's not much better than season 3 really
					
					
							Edited by WardenOfTheNerds, 09 April 2013 - 03:25 PM.
312	Hoo	2013-04-09	Wow, you are so constructive with your responses. Well how is it not retarded that we have to listen her whine about how he said another girl is pretty, even if she wasn't an ex-whore and even if she's actually in love with him in the show for whatever reason D&D decided to, that dialogue sounded pretty childish.EDIT: also, wont rewatch S2 since it's not much better than season 3 reallyThe scene is genuine to their relationship, and it's one of the best relationships in the show. it's prbly the only honest relationship in the show.When Tyrion nursed his cut from blackwater, Shae visited him.  She begged him to elope with her and leave King's Landing.They renewed their vows: I am yours and you are mine.  It was one of the most touching scenes in the show.Remember when she yelled at Tyrion: Your Father is 500 miles away, How will he hear us?!?!?Or, when Tyrion rushed to hear chamber after receiving a scare from Cersei when she mistakenly beat up the wrong girl.  Tyrion promissed to make Cersei pay when she least expects it.There is genuine passion there, and I love their relationship.
313	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-09	^As i said, it's not the fact that they are in love in the show that bothers me (well ok it does, but we'll pretend it doesnt for argument's sake). I find the dialogue itself pointless, it's pretty obvious Tyrion just means Sansa is hot enough and highborn to get any husband they'll make her marry, and then Shae either enters a jealous rage or is teasing him, not even sure which.
314	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	t, and if they're going to make Robb look like a hapless idiot for the entire season they might as well do you know what right now and get it over with.This right here.  Its maddenning, just get it over withHe's just aa bad and getting worse than what they did to Jon Snow last yr.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 09 April 2013 - 03:53 PM.
315	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	Is it greed, though?  I'm sure there's a lot that goes into it.We get 10 episodes a season.  We are lucky we do.  They are as long as they are.  No one is dropping the ball.  The network is making what it makes with the budget it has.  I'm so sick of all this HBO/writer/network bashing.So we should just shut this forum down.  Gotcha.
316	Stormcatcher	2013-04-09	I loved this episode. I think various scenes were adapted well from the books, and the pacing seems good. Actually, it got to some storylines earlier than I expected (Arya/Sandor and Jaime/Brienne). I liked the bit with Olenna, Margaery and Sansa. Sansa's actress was marvellous in that scene. Jaime and Brienne's scenes were just marvellous, I really like how they captured the spirit of banter from the books. The conversation with Catelyn and what's-her-face about Jon Snow was also interesting, and I enjoyed seeing the Reeds, and the scene where Sam's about to give up, but Dolorous Edd and forgotten-his-name come back for him.
Only thing I didn't like was the constant "OH BY THE WAY, RENLY WAS GAY" comments. It wasn't very subtle, with the references to camp gays (is that even a stereotype in Westeros?) especially adding bits like Joffrey going "I'm thinking of making homosexuality a crime". There are already a multitude of reasons for hating Joffrey, we don't need to add attitudes to same-sex relationships that Westeros doesn't seem to have (they find it funny and weird, sure, but not AGH NO KILL THEM in the same way as medieval Europe).
317	Victarious	2013-04-09	^As i said, it's not the fact that they are in love in the show that bothers me (well ok it does, but we'll pretend it doesnt for argument's sake). I find the dialogue itself pointless, it's pretty obvious Tyrion just means Sansa is hot enough and highborn to get any husband they'll make her marry, and then Shae either enters a jealous rage or is teasing him, not even sure which.Are you the same whiny poster from IMDb named 'WardenOfTheNorth?'
318	shiola	2013-04-09	... Well how is it not r******* that we have to listen ...Please do not use hate speech on the boards.  Really uncalled for.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 09 April 2013 - 05:52 PM.
319	shiola	2013-04-09	Oh, and the Dire Wolves looked fantastic.I thought so too!  especially on the re-watch.  I was in awe.
320	zeus	2013-04-09	enjoyed this episode way more than episode 1. 
i liked them showing more of jaime/brienne, and especially the introduction of the reeds.
321	CKPS63	2013-04-09	They are "nicing up" Cat to make people feel worse later this season.Yup.
322	Freebird6699	2013-04-09	I liked the episode, but not quite as much as last week's; I rated it a solid 7.What worked for me:Great introduction of the Queen of Thorns!  Dianna Rigg is going to be awesome in this role.  This scene made me appreciate Magaery more than I have up to this point as well.Also a great introduction of Thorros, I didn't even mind that he appears to be absorbing the role of Tom O' Sevens.  I predict that I am going to enjoy the show BWB as much as I did the book version.  And of course, it's always great to see the Hound again.I liked the Brienne vs. Jaime fight and didn't mind the switch up in circumstances from the book.  Gwendolyn Cristie kicks ass as Brienne, she was really convincing as a powerful swordswoman.I also enjoyed show Jojen a good deal more than book Jojen.  Ferb is going to acquit himself well in this role.What didn't work for me:The Cat and Talisa scene.  I think that the writers/producers went astray in this attempt to woobify Cat.  I also don't understand the outright hostility that show Cat is projecting towards Talisa; even book Cat doesn't hold Jeyne wholly responsible for Robb's decision to marry her, and is relatively kind to her.Not thrilled with show Dolorous Edd telling Sam that they left him behind because he was fat and slow and they wanted to live -- even if true, book Edd would have expressed himself in a kinder or at least a much more humorous way.What's with Rickon's just running off like that, why would they let him, and why would Summer leave Bran?  I don't think that the show is at all accurately or effectively depicting the nature of the bond between the Starks (and Jon Snow) and their direwolves.Everything else I was either neutral on or waiting to see more of before I form an opinion on .  Boy, the Producers sure weren't kidding when they said that Season 3 would be much more divergent from the books than the previous two seasons.  It remains to be seen if they will stay true to the spirit of the characters and major story lines or not. I agree with a lot of what you have written, but it seems like lots of people think that Rickon ran off for good???  With Summer???  I didn't get that impression at all.  He just ran down a hill, and Bran sent Summer to watch out for him.  I am sure we will see Rickon and Osha go off together soon, now that the Reeds are here.  They are awesome. I also don't get that Ghost is with the Men of the NIghts watch.  What the heck is that about?  Ghost was with Jon.  I don't mind changes to make things go better, but having a hard time understanding some of the deviations we saw last week.  As some one else said, " There is a lot of material, why invent  stuff?"
323	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-09	I pity you book purist who can't seem to appreciate this season so far. I really hope things improve for you guys in the coming episodes. It really is sad.
324	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-09	The Good:
-Direwolves at the top of the list! The aggressive Summer moments were EXCELLENT! Shaggy was stunning looking.
--Every line Jojen said- excellent actor choice. I think he is my favorite actor now in the entire cast.
-Bran and Rickin waking simultaneously and looking at each other was very cool
-Sansa and Queen of Throns whole scene was perfect- Sansa especially
-Arya and her "Pack" bickering about her 3 choices. Gendry's flippancy was great.
-"Tarly, I forbid you to die"
-Karstark with Robb
The Bad:
-No solemn Reed oath was said to Bran
-Joffreys scene with Cersei about clothing and Marg
-Jaime and Brienne's fight scene was slow. Their walking scenes were pretty arduous to watch.
-Robb and Talisa's stinking barberian scene
-Cat's scene about Jon
-Tyrion and Shae
-Arya being 100% inept with a sword and acting all a tremble. Where is our little spitfire?
The Boring:
-Mance and Jon scene
-Thoros's unburning sword
-Joff's crossbow scene
-The Bran and Rickon are "missing" scene with Cat and Robb.
325	bigbelly	2013-04-09	guys.... who else thinks that shae is getting way too many lines!!!.is she bedding the producers of the show???. the episode was only ok. the third book is my favorite. .. full of story lines and really amazing scenes but the show has not really capture most of it.... I was eager to meet the brave comp. well its early to tell but I hope the quality of executing the main story lines improve.
326	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-10	So far I am not enjoying this season as much as the first two. I can understand that they need to change a lot of things to adapt the novels to a ten hour TV season, but some of the deviations seem unnecessary and fundamentally change characters or plot lines. At this rate of deviation, the entire series could end up being radically different from the books. Perhaps more importantly, most of the scenes they do include do not live up to the potential of the material. The worst thing to me is that there are so many things they could remain more faithful on if they just allowed a small amount of set up ahead of time, but instead they have to have invented tit scenes. Thus, they are always springing things into the story unannounced which diminishes the subtle relationships in the books and makes many things seem very clumsy.For clarification, the things that I dislike most are the differences in the mechanics or behaviors of the world. Things like the powers of R'hllor worshipers, clairvoyance and skinchanging are crucial details that are barely glazed over or totally changed in the TV series.  Ironically, the things that I liked most in this episode were the invented scenes (other than the horrible Shae\Tyrion scene and Catelyn's descent into simpering idiocy) and the things that continue to disappoint me are how the original scenes and plot lines are being interpreted. Here are things that I am disappointed about:The total change in characterization of Beric's outlaws. In the books they are like pious Merry Men when they first meet Arya, with Thoros being a reformed or 'born again' priest in the service of R'hllor. I can't remember if they have mentioned Beric's 'special properties' yet, but his relationship to Thoros and his somewhat unique condition are both extremely remarkable things that serve to validate the actions of R'hllor worshipers and serve as an important pivot point in the story. Plus, the self-perceived righteousness and religious tendencies of the outlaws are most of their motivation and set the stage for their darker turn further on.The Sansa arc seems to be very sloppy and convoluted. Shae and Tyrion don't need to be involved at all at this point, and using Baelish up front removes a lot of suspense and a chance for a good reveal later on. It also makes him appear much, much less cunning and forces an extra level of complexity because now we have to openly watch his plan come into place. Shae's involvement is unnecessary and ham fisted, as is Ros' entire existence.The handling of Bran's and Jon's stories and their included elements of skinchanging and visions is pretty iffy. It's a little early to tell at this point, but the fact that Osha and Rickon are still present, Reed implies that the Three Eyed Crow is not a distinct thing, and that the other Stark children haven't experienced their abilities all makes drastic variation seem more likely in the future. This is really one of those things that could have been so easy to do but they just didn't. How hard would it have been to show a couple of minutes of extra exposition on skinchanging? Even having Jon kill Orell wouldn't have been difficult, and having a rogue eagle with a person trapped inside is a really cool detail. Also, Sixskins was a much cooler character than Orell seems to be so far.Catelyn, Robb and Robb's wife (?) are god awful. They don't think that Bran and Rickon are dead, which was supposed to be the motivation for much of what they do (including, ultimately, Robb's marriage). Catelyn  is less a stern, bitter and tired matriarch and more a simpering, superstitious idiot, and her motivations are entirely different.I'm also pretty disappointed that there will be no Goat.Like the Fist of the First Men, the fight between Brienne and Jaime was extremely anticlimactic and a hugely wasted opportunity.Here are things that I liked:I think that the Marg\Joff scene was very well done and fleshes out each character in a way that the book couldn't have done because of POV. Joff's actor is excellent and I really like Marg's as well. Overall, this was my favorite scene this episode.I think the Queen of Thorns was well introduced, though I wish she were more of a ham.The Reeds were well cast even though the plotline they are a part of is miles off at this point.I think that, aside from making Thoros and the Brotherhood completely unlike their book versions, they did a good job of condensing Arya's story by bringing in the Hound early and cutting out so much of the traveling.The banter between Brienne and Jaime was well done even if it was out of character from their book versions and the resulting fight was totally lackluster.
327	Joyful Union	2013-04-10	The Bad:-Jaime and Brienne's fight scene was slow. Their walking scenes were pretty arduous to watch.-Arya being 100% inept with a sword and acting all a tremble. Where is our little spitfire?The Boring:-Thoros's unburning swordI suppose that you didnt like any of the back and forth between J and B then?You expect a little girl to do a well against a hardened champion fighter? With an unfamiliar sword she hasnt trained with?Why would Thoros's sword be on fire???
328	Elrond Hubbard	2013-04-10	I gave it a six.  Like episode 301, 302 was very slow.  However, 301 had two great scenes, Tywin's answer to Tyrion asserting his rights to Casterly Rock and Dany negotiating with Kraznys for the Unsullied.  The only really memorable scene for me in this episode was the introduction of Olenna Tyrell.  Also, I hate, hate, hate the Cat scene in this episode.  One of the worst changes they made to the books.
329	K1T	2013-04-10	The fight between Jaime and Brenie wasn't convincing at all. I mean, they spend so much money on effects, actors and accessories, but can't make a proper duel scene. Except this, even after I read all books, I liked everything including Bolton's domination over everything in the episode.
330	SwordInDaDarkness	2013-04-10	I thought the Cat scene was fine. If you look at it from the point of view of someone who hasn't read the books, it's quite a nice story. I understand that there is absolutely no obligation for Cat to be motherly towards Jon but I don't see how anything she said completely changes her character. She hated Jon's existence so she prayed for him to be dead. When it looks like he's going to die, she felt guilty and makes a lot of promises to her Gods that she couldn't keep. She knows that Jon does not deserve to be treated the way she treats him but did it anyway only because she's reminded of her husbands infidelity. I'll admit that the whole Gods' wrath thing was unnecessary but I don't see any problem with the story per se
331	boojam	2013-04-10	The fight between Jaime and Brenie wasn't convincing at all. I mean, they spend so much money on effects, actors and accessories, but can't make a proper duel scene. Except this, even after I read all books, I liked everything including Bolton's domination over everything in the episode.Well I knew that they had only so much time blocked out for each scene and it seemed to go on for about the length that episode could budget.In the book it was kind of engaging, because even in chains Jamie got the best of Brienne for a long time until he realized he could not wear her down and then she rallied and got the best of him ... well Jamie was surprised. (In fact I got the impression even without chains and in the best of condition , in the book, Jamie had unexpectedly met his match.)In the thick of the battle several time Brienne might have killed Jamie, I don't think she wanted that!As I said I didn't think the sword play was lame, but had heard that Gwen has practiced for weeks and she and Nikolaj had rehearsed it for about a week. Like I said I have no real complaints but expected a little more imagination in that scene.In the book it was an important chemistry dynamic between the two.Lord , we have drawings of long sword fighting, but I can never figure out how it really came off.
332	DolorousKim	2013-04-10	I agree with a lot of what you have written, but it seems like lots of people think that Rickon ran off for good???  With Summer???  I didn't get that impression at all.  He just ran down a hill, and Bran sent Summer to watch out for him.  I am sure we will see Rickon and Osha go off together soon, now that the Reeds are here.  They are awesome.I didn't really express myself too clearly on this point.  I also don't think that Rickon has run off "forever," but it seems to me that the Reeds, well Jojen at any rate, were in the books very, very cautious regarding not meeting up with anyone who could later disclose the fact that the Stark boys were still alive, so it seems peculiar that they would just let little Rickon arbitrarily run off by himself.  Of course in the books, Rickon and Osha didn't travel with the Reeds, Hodor and Bran, and we have no idea how stealthy their approach was to traveling in the North, but I still find it hard to believe that even Osha would allow Rickon free reign to wander off alone. Also, I'm assuming that Summer went with Rickon and Shaggydog in order for Bran to be able to watch out for Rickon via Summer, but it still strikes me as somewhat of a false note.  The books did a very good job of depicting how deep, unique, and mystical the bond was between each Stark and their direwolf.  I don't think that the non-book-reading viewer is able to get any sense of the true nature of this bond thus far in the show, and I feel that this is too important a point to be glossed over.  My non-book-reading husband, for example thinks of the direwolves almost as pet dogs at this juncture.
333	Original Username	2013-04-10	I gave it a 7, about the same level as 3x01.
Felt the pacing was a bit off at the start of the episode, a bit too much jumping around while not much was really happening.
Liked:
-Pretty much all the new characters are cast perfectly
-Hodor
-Gendry & Arya arguing about the three deaths
-Tyrells
-Brotherhood without banners
Didn't like:
-Tyrion & Shae. Felt pointless and the acting was kind of off, even with the Dink.
-Catelyn & Talisa scene I just did not care about, not that I cared much about Cat in the books either.
-Jaime & Brienne duel, was over too fast and Bri won too easily. Didn't bother me _as_ much when I watched the scene again, though.
334	Dove	2013-04-10	A solid 8/10, it was great to see all the characters + have setup for stuff later, but the episode skipped around a lot.
   Liked:
+ Jaime and Brienne, amazing.
+ Brotherhood Without Banners, very charismatic.
+ Tyrell ladies knocking it out of the park.
+ Theon being pitiful as all hell, really feelin' for the guy.
+ Jojen and Meera own.
   Didn't:
- Shae is a likeable character but her acting is so awkward.
- Disappointed in theory in no Brave Companions but I'm jumping the gun here, replacements could be fine.
- No awesome oath from the Reeds.
- Still not feeling the casting for Mance, we'll see.
335	lostinwesteros	2013-04-10	By and large, I loved it.  I was disappointed with the first episode in Season 3, decided part of it was that I wanted to see the action with Arya, Jaime and Brienne.  Love the casting for Jojen (so glad he's not just a dreaming 'wimp') and for Meera, think they're great.  The one thing that caused me to give it a 9 instead of a 10 was Catelyn's speech about sitting up with Jon when he was a baby.  What?  While I was listening to it, (with only my cats for witnesses), I followed each one of her statements with a loud, "Sure you did", "Sure you did".  Closest I have ever come to shaking my fist at the TV.  Cheez!
336	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-10	How do people give this episode a 1 (or 2 or 3)? Seriously, this is season 3 and it's far from the worst episode ever. If you hated this episode then you must loath the series in general, so why are you still watching? Is it just so you can come here and give the show crap scores? You folk should be in the "Who stopped watching the TV series" threads.
337	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-10	How do people give this episode a 1 (or 2 or 3)? Seriously, this is season 3 and it's far from the worst episode ever. If you hated this episode then you must loath the series in general, so why are you still watching? Is it just so you can come here and give the show crap scores? You folk should be in the "Who stopped watching the TV series" threads.If it makes you feel better, at least it's a small minority. There are people who still post "Why do they keep changing stuff?!" every day as if eventually the writers will change their minds and start basically transcribing the books verbatim to television.
338	Hoo	2013-04-10	I felt that Sandor Arya scene was out of character for Sandor.  It gave me a whoa moment, WTF.
Sandor is nice to Sansa.   At blackwater Sandor tells Joffrey and Tyrion: fack the King, fack the Kingsguard!.  Goes to Sansa's chamber and offers to take her north to Winterfell, calls her little bird.
Then in this episode, he spots Arya and says: What in hell are you doing with the Starks bitch?!?  And he's in the rebel north territory where he is trying to defect. 
WTF!
Whoever wrote that line is an idiot.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 10 April 2013 - 10:46 PM.
339	Lyanna Stark-Baratheon	2013-04-11	I give the episode a 6.
WHERE WAS DANY IN THIS EPISODE?? I was waiting for the slaver's slaughter.
I'm glad they FINALLY introduce the Reeds and REEK....I love to hate Ramsey Snow. I'm guessing they are using that random guy to sub for kiera(sp) to trick Theon to escape then castrate him( muah hahaha), and I'm kinda ok with that.
Nothing else stood out as OMG so yeah I give it a 6.
340	Tears of Winter	2013-04-11	I thought it was pretty good but the premiere was better for me.
Highlights are Olenna Tyrell , Jaime and Thoros of Myr
I don't know what to make of the Cat/Jon scene. It didn't bother me that much but it felt rather bizarre. And to tell it to Talisa of all people!
					
					
							Edited by Tears of Winter, 11 April 2013 - 01:28 AM.
341	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	HBO is dropping the ball big time with only 10 sub 60-min episodes.  The first and last episodes should run 2 hours.  That's all they would need to do but they won't because they are greedy.They aren't doing more episodes (a couple of 2 hour episodes is basically 2 more episodes) because they can't shoot more than they do and maintain the same quality since they barely have time for what they are doing (plus that it of course costs more). D&D have explained several times that they would like to do more but that it's just not possible.I don't have a clue what you mean by greedy. GoT is the most expensive show on TV and they could certainly have gotten away with spending less.
342	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-11	I felt that Sandor Arya scene was out of character for Sandor.  It gave me a whoa moment, WTF.Sandor is nice to Sansa.   At blackwater Sandor tells Joffrey and Tyrion: fack the King, fack the Kingsguard!.  Goes to Sansa's chamber and offers to take her north to Winterfell, calls her little bird.Then in this episode, he spots Arya and says: What in hell are you doing with the Starks bitch?!?  And he's in the rebel north territory where he is trying to defect. WTF!Whoever wrote that line is an idiot.It's not really out of character at all. He's not exactly nice to Arya on their journey and its not like he's talking to Robb saying "Hey Stark I found your bitch sister. Fuck shit balls."
343	MorbidRabbit	2013-04-11	The new characters are so great ! The Reeds, Thoros and most of all The Queen of Thorns !!!
8/10 for this one. A really great scene (Sansa) and many good ones. So far the only thing I disliked this year is the intro.
344	Eogh	2013-04-11	I'd give it an 8, great follow up to the second episode, every scene was good but nothing really blew me away. All and all i'm getting pretty optimistic for this season. if the early episodes are this strong, imagine how dope the end will be /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
345	Maxthestig	2013-04-11	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=x1FclOnGXowHere is our review, would be good to get some feedback from fellow GoT fans!My only problem is that both episode 1 and 2 felt like opening episodes in a series. There are so many characters that you need to spend 2 hours re-introducing them all.So from now on it should be great! Anyone else agree?
346	shiola	2013-04-11	I felt that Sandor Arya scene was out of character for Sandor.  It gave me a whoa moment, WTF.Sandor is nice to Sansa.   At blackwater Sandor tells Joffrey and Tyrion: fack the King, fack the Kingsguard!.  Goes to Sansa's chamber and offers to take her north to Winterfell, calls her little bird.Then in this episode, he spots Arya and says: What in hell are you doing with the Starks bitch?!?  And he's in the rebel north territory where he is trying to defect.WTF!Whoever wrote that line is an idiot.The Hound calls Arya "wolf bitch" quite often in the books.  He doesn't seem to like her that much.
347	GoodGuyA	2013-04-11	I liked this episode a lot because it really played on tension. Often times I'm very much waiting to see how something unfolds, but this episode wound things up nice and slowly while still having an actual moving plot. Even the scene with Maragery and Joffery was pretty tense because at any moment I thought he'd turn the crossbow on her! Felt it went a little overboard, trying to cram all that suspense into the Arya/BWB parts, but that final fight was just so well executed. I think it's my favorite duel of the series thus far. Appropriate, since everyone loves it from the books all ready /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I can say that nothing had me majorly questioning in the episode. Very well-packed mythos and the usual great introductions to new characters. Queen of Thorns was a bit unusual, but I certainly liked what they were going for with the character. Jojen (or Paul, as I shall call him) was a bit less than anticipated, but Meera was Gods-damned awesome for what little she had to say! Perfect mirror of the book character so far. If I had one complaint about story flow it'd be that we didn't get to see Dany which is both a blessing and a curse because I have no idea how they're going to handle the storyline seeing how fast it traveled in episode 1.
Of course, there needs to be talk of Theon. I am all ready completely feeling bad for him and it was a clever use of exposition, getting him to fess up as he did. Again, this is a point where the story is moving along where you wouldn't expect it to, and it's much stronger for it (whereas I worry with others). I do feel they pulled out all the possible "torture" stops though. There's nothing else you can really do when you've all ready had indiscriminate stabbing, dismemberment, and the "fooled ya" trick.
Very solid episode overall if nothing entirely special for the show. Kept good focus and really set-up situations well.
348	Mihai Brasoveanu	2013-04-11	PROS:
- Really enjoying Theon's transformation one step at a time and not through flashbacks
- The Reeds seem spot-on
- I hate book Sansa, but TV Sansa is becoming way to hot to hate /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
CONS:
- Come on, nobody misses Vargo? I was so looking forward to hear his lisp.
- If Mance's "bard"-ing goes missing, how the hell is this show gonna go forward?
- I don't wanna be that "Danny-lover" forum type, but I came to see some dragons and they better not be missing the next time
349	KingStannis4thethrone	2013-04-11	I gave this episode a healthy 8 out of 10 and was entertained from the start to the end.
My favourite part was when we met Thoros for the first time and least favourite was the Cat scene.
I never liked her in the books and my opinion isn't going to change just because the show is trying to make her more likeable!
I quiet enjoyed the sword fight on the bridge between Jaime and Brienne and when Bran met The Reeds for the first time.
350	Juliads	2013-04-11	I felt that Sandor Arya scene was out of character for Sandor.  It gave me a whoa moment, WTF.Sandor is nice to Sansa.   At blackwater Sandor tells Joffrey and Tyrion: fack the King, fack the Kingsguard!.  Goes to Sansa's chamber and offers to take her north to Winterfell, calls her little bird.Then in this episode, he spots Arya and says: What in hell are you doing with the Starks bitch?!?  And he's in the rebel north territory where he is trying to defect.WTF!Whoever wrote that line is an idiot.I was wondering how many viewers, especially non-book viewers were shocked at his hostility towards her-and will continue to be shocked by his treatment if they stay true to the books.  He was so tame in the first two seasons, especially towards Sansa that his behavior may come across as inconsistent to some people.He does call Arya all types of unflattering names, so i can't really call that line idiotic.
351	Juliads	2013-04-11	I enjoyed this more than the first one.  Love the Sansa/QOT scene.  Really loved all of the direwolf moments.  Arya came across as an argumentative, irrational brat...but she seemed that way to me in the books, so i guess I can't complain.  When she pulled the sword on Thoros in such a public place-simply because he questioned her fighting abilities?  yeah...dumb girl moment.  Glad he made a joke out of her.  I loved the Jojen introduction. Bran's dream of his family was sad.  Reminded me that we may never see the starks together again /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
I may be reading into things, but when Marg was with Joff, and he said he wanted to execute all gays( very bad paraphrasing here)  I thought she pulled off a good subtle look of disgust at him.  Probably thinking of her brother at that moment.  I'm really enjoying watching Marg manipulate him so much.  Their pairing really brings out his youth and inexperience.  I know they have a bit of an age difference, but she makes him look like he's a little boy.
Shae and Tyrion could have been done much better.  What was Shae's purpose here?  To show that she's disgusted at Tyrion's lack of interest in Sansa's welfare and apparent attraction towards her?  Or to simply be the token jealous girlfriend over anyone he's slept with in the past?  I'm not a fan of her acting style.
Glad we have the Hound back!
352	Bronn son of Bronn	2013-04-11	s03e01 - 3/10; s03e02 - 5/10
this new season realy isn't grabbing me like the previous two.  to the extent that I'm quite liking the Dany scenes, which usually irrittate the shit out of me in the books
+ve's:
- Paul Kay as Thoros - outstanding
- nice to see Ayra again
- the Reeds
okay:
- Diana Rigg as QoT - this should be a +ve but you aways knew she would walk this part
-ve:
- Gwen/Brienne - am I the only person to tink she's the most wooden, godawful actress?
interesting questions from my unsullied friends:
them  does the dragon/red/etc lady get naked?
me:  sure, keep watching
them: does Sansa get screwed by fessing up to the QoT?
me: yes, she gets turned into a dragon
them: REALLY?!?!?!
me: no
them: come on
me: read the books
them: I don't read books
me: you're a fucking idiot
them: Shae is irritating
me: go google the actress
them:  interesting ...
					
					
							Edited by Bron son of Bron, 11 April 2013 - 08:32 PM.
353	The Queen	2013-04-11	I gave this episode a 9. This episode is the next best thing after the Blackwater episode so far, at least for me.Who would not like Brienne/Jaime scene with Brienne watching Jaime piss plus the sword fight.I think I will start to love Sansa this episode and throughout the season - Sansa/Olenna/Margaery scene was very satisfyingOrell warging is so two-thumbs up. I would sooner want to meet Varamyr too!Arya scene was ok and Catelyn scene too. But it isn't too boring as most of them say. I just find it twisted with her mentioning loving Jon Snow -- then not againTheon too! I wasn't expecting him to appear this episode knowing that in the books he wouldn't appear that so soon, rather the series follows entire book plot. I found him cute tho, being tortured. LOLYgritte's voiceHodor saying HodorJojen appearing to the scene with a SWAG. Just reminds me of Chuck Bass or Sebastian from Glee (Haha!) Anyway, Reeds with the Starks -- that scene is a milestoneMy first post. Yay! To sum it up, I really love this episode. Watching your most and least favorite characters in the books come to life while waiting them say the words in the books (or similarly), watching the scenes that formed up in your head while reading the books come to life just gives me tickles in my guts with a big smile! Good job! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by The Queen, 11 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
354	Whoresbane Umber	2013-04-12	I didn't think the Brienne fight scene was very good
355	Hound Dog	2013-04-12	I was wondering how many viewers, especially non-book viewers were shocked at his hostility towards her-and will continue to be shocked by his treatment if they stay true to the books.  He was so tame in the first two seasons, especially towards Sansa that his behavior may come across as inconsistent to some people.He does call Arya all types of unflattering names, so i can't really call that line idiotic.When I heard that line I thought to myself "Finally! Now,this is the Hound I know." You're right, he was out of character in the first two seasons. They needed to do more to make him scare and tease Sansa.... instead he was a puppy. In his quick s.3 appearance, he seemed pissed,  and that, to me, was just awesome.
356	brinson2000	2013-04-12	9/10
Much, much better than the first episode. For all those of you causing an uproar over the Tyrion/Shae scene; where the hell were you on the episode one discussion? Bronn's scene with the stupid whore was just as long, had no dialogue, and showed no character development, yet the scene was barely complained about on the board for episode one. I think you people were just looking for something to complain about in this episode because it was actually really good. Even the Tyrion/Shae scene served a purpose to show Shae's possibility for jealously giving her motive for her actions in events later to come.
Loved the Orell scene even though it was very short giving a visual and verbal explanation for warging.
The Reeds introduction was outstanding and I love the two characters. I think at this point in the show situations have already been put into place where they cannot follow the storyline in the book (ie- the Reeds never came to Winterfell and met Bran there) so the show has to come up with their own scenarios for how to introduce characters and this was a GREAT introduction. I guess they are going to let Osha stay along with Bran the rest of the way instead of going with Rickon which I was disappointed in. But I would imagine Natalia Tena (Osha) is one of the higher paid actors and they need to give her screen time to justify using her as Osha so Rickon had to go it alone.
The Cateyln scene I didn't find nearly as bad as most people on here are saying. Yes her talking about John Snow was out of the ordinary but the acting/emotion porttrayed by Michelle Fairley is really what captured my attention. There is a progression starting in her character towards a much more dark/downtrodden/pissed off Cat as opposed to the quieter/more solemn Cat from the first two seasons. She is starting to show more anger and resentment than she ever has. My point being that while watching this scene and not getting too overconcerned with her dialogue, the whole time all I could think was I was watching Lady Stoneheart incarnate.
Theon's scenes- Now this is where the show can be better than the books. It gives us a visual for Theon's torture scenes that the books could only explain as having been past events. It allows us to see the emotions and horror Theon goes through to become the character he will eventually be. The sneaking in of Ramsay was also excellent and sets up an awesome future scene for Theon and his "Bitches"
Sansa/Lady Olena= 10/10 nuff said
357	Voshed	2013-04-12	Loved most of the episode, gave it a 7.
Jamie fight fell a bit flat, and Tyrions encounter a bit unnecessary.
I don't think we will see Theon as messed up as in the book, but perhaps its needed to get past censors.
Reeds were a big plus and well cast I thought.
Love the way Margaery, like a lot of people,  is seen to be manipulating Joffery, and the introduction to Lady Oleana....5 Star.
looking forward to #3
358	Dragonstar	2013-04-12	Thought it was great how much literal and figurative ground they covered in one episode.
359	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	When I heard that line I thought to myself "Finally! Now,this is the Hound I know." You're right, he was out of character in the first two seasons. They needed to do more to make him scare and tease Sansa.... instead he was a puppy. In his quick s.3 appearance, he seemed pissed,  and that, to me, was just awesome."No, it gives me joy to kill people.""Killing's the sweetest thing there is.""There's plenty of women in the ground. I've put some there myself.""Any man dies with a clean sword, ill rape your fucking corpse.""Fuck the King!" (In front of the King)He's not a puppy. He's brutal and hilarious but he has a soft spot for Sansa who he still growls at. I don't know why that would translate to being soft toward Arya.
360	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-12	I think Sandor partly feels more toned down because he has that lovely voice. It's growly, but it's not really harsh. Plus, he doesn't seem as angry. Brutal yes, but largely in the context of Blackwater and saving Sansa from rape. He's also not as mocking toward Sansa--comes across as a more resigned and gruff. That said, it didn't feel out of character for him to call Arya "the Stark bitch," especially since she's a "wolf." I love the actor (dat height!) I just wish he had more screen time.
...I wish Sansa sang for him during Blackwater, but that's my silly fangirl talking. Goodness, I miss those 20+ Sandor Clegane threads.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 12 April 2013 - 07:36 PM.
361	Juliads	2013-04-12	I think Sandor partly feels more toned down because he has that lovely voice. It's growly, but it's not really harsh. Plus, he doesn't seem as angry. Brutal yes, but largely in the context of Blackwater and saving Sansa from rape. He's also not as mocking toward Sansa--comes across as a more resigned and gruff. That said, it didn't feel out of character for him to call Arya "the Stark bitch," especially since she's a "wolf." I love the actor (dat height!) I just wish he had more screen time....I wish Sansa sang for him during Blackwater, but that's my silly fangirl talking. Goodness, I miss those 20+ Sandor Clegane threads.Goodness, me too!I watched the first two seasons before picking up the books.  While I enjoyed the few sansa/hound scenes I was totally shocked for what was in the books.  It has made me re-think my original opinion about S2.  Less littlefinger brothel moments and trash that ridiculous joff sadism scene for some actual character development.
					
					
							Edited by Juliads, 13 April 2013 - 03:08 AM.
362	kissdbyfire	2013-04-13	5/10
Bran trying to kill the 3EC? Catelyn saying how she prayed for Jon Snow's life? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
363	Hound Dog	2013-04-13	"No, it gives me joy to kill people.""Killing's the sweetest thing there is.""There's plenty of women in the ground. I've put some there myself.""Any man dies with a clean sword, ill rape your fucking corpse.""Fuck the King!" (In front of the King)He's not a puppy. He's brutal and hilarious but he has a soft spot for Sansa who he still growls at. I don't know why that would translate to being soft toward Arya.Shrugs. Fair enough. But I still personally found him a bit tame, despite the few great lines which you so kindly quoted.
364	KingSlayerofCape	2013-04-13	I gave it an 8.
Jaime being my favorite character I was really anticipating the fight with Brienne. I thought it could have a little more to it but overall I really enjoyed it. Am I the only one who wishes each episode was more along the lines of an hour to an hour and half long? I know it messes with the schedule but lets be honest....they're HBO...I don't think people would be too annoyed with a change. I just feel they could put so much more into each.
365	Ran	2013-04-14	As we're on the cusp of the next episode, another update on the overall forum rating:
599 votes in, it averages to a 7.66. Median vote remains an 8. Removing the top and bottom 5%, the average rises to 7.81.
366	Daenerys is my queen	2013-04-14	8/10. It was good but not as exciting as 3x01.
367	Conchobar	2013-04-14	As we're on the cusp of the next episode, another update on the overall forum rating:599 votes in, it averages to a 7.66. Median vote remains an 8. Removing the top and bottom 5%, the average rises to 7.81.Only to rise from what I have heard from the reviews!
368	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-14	The Hound calls Arya "wolf bitch" quite often in the books.  He doesn't seem to like her that much.I thought he called her "She-wolf" a lot. Could someone with a kindle check for "wolf bitch" and see if Sandor did use that term a lot?
369	Joyful Union	2013-04-14	I thought he called her "She-wolf" a lot. Could someone with a kindle check for "wolf bitch" and see if Sandor did use that term a lot?I dont think Sandor ever called Arya anything but wolf bitch.
370	Spilly	2013-05-01	Love how they are going about Theon.
371	Damazama21	2014-04-04	I enjoyed Joffrey and Theon. I hate them both so much. 8/10
372	Ran	2013-04-07	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
373	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	No nudity this episode per the rating info. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
374	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-07	While watching the recap I am wondering if Master Luwien knows who Jon Snow's mother really is.
375	WinterKing	2013-04-07	Here(Brazil) appeared sex and nudity (16 years)
376	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	love that Winterfell is smoking in the opening now.
377	towerofjoy	2013-04-07	I think Howland and Blood Raven are the only ones -- but Bran will "see" it I'm guessing.
378	Cressit	2013-04-07	Three eyed crow I love you so!
379	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-07	Nice to see all of the Stark boys together.  Except for Rickon.
					
					
							Edited by The Knee-Slayer, 07 April 2013 - 08:06 PM.
380	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	Jojen!
381	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Talisa......gag
382	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-07	Logical reason for Cat and Robb to leave Bolton in charge.
383	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Dreadfort time!
384	The Fury	2013-04-07	Theon? Wow, they are really jumping around.
					
					
							Edited by The Fury, 07 April 2013 - 08:10 PM.
385	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-07	Anyone know what's this xbox smartglass business? Can I not watch on my Xbox's HBO GO unless i download ANOTHER app now?
386	Pickman's Model	2013-04-07	It seems sort of jumpy, but what really gets me is Joffrey hating on the tailor! That outfit looks great, what a little shit he is.
387	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	oh man, they skipped the part of the discussion about Renly...granted, it's not subtle like the book, but enjoyed that exchange.
and welcome to the flock of hens!  QoT!!!
388	jons nissa	2013-04-07	i LOVE the queen of thorns!!!!!!
389	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Queen of Thrones is awesome! Toned down my behind!
390	oneortheother	2013-04-07	NO BEAR AND THE MAIDEN FAIR AND BUTTERBUMPS
391	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	c'mon, lets see Butterbumps!
"he's a monster"  boom.  headshot.
392	Pickman's Model	2013-04-07	The QoT scene was great. I wonder why they put this Jon Snow/Catelyn story in the episode? Maybe some future implication for potential Jon and Lady Stoneheart interactions?
393	irishtemper	2013-04-07	uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh........could you have changed Catelyn's character so much?  Did she just say she wanted Ned to legitimize Jon and that she loved him?
394	jons nissa	2013-04-07	seven help us! the catelyn fans are going to have one massive coronary.
395	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	Make him a Stark?  
well that scene isn't going to inflame the Catelyn v. Jon Snow threads.
396	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	That was a weird monologue. Not quite a "character assassination" though. It's a huge change though.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 07 April 2013 - 08:35 PM.
397	oneortheother	2013-04-07	Lord Karstark is speakin' the truth. Wished they showed more about how the Freys were important and how many Freys were with the army.
398	Cressit	2013-04-07	This Cat scene is not in the books, right?  Is it possible my complicated mixed feelings towards her have made me miss a sympathetic scene on several re-reads?
399	oneortheother	2013-04-07	wor-g? I always thought it was pronounced war-g?
400	WinterKing	2013-04-07	Character assassination: Catelyn
401	oneortheother	2013-04-07	This Cat scene is not in the books, right?  Is it possible my complicated mixed feelings towards her have made me miss a sympathetic scene on several re-reads?God no. GOD NO. People are calling it a "character assassination" for a reason.
402	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Old Bear is laying down the hammer. But probably just set in motion the mutiny at Craster's. Rast will be the perpetrator.
403	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	did Summer change colors?
404	oneortheother	2013-04-07	"I'm unarmed,"
"That was poor planning."
ASHA WOOOH
405	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh........could you have changed Catelyn's character so much?  Did she just say she wanted Ned to legitimize Jon and that she loved him?I gagged watching this scene.  Talk about nauseating.
406	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Thoros the Bard..... lol
407	oneortheother	2013-04-07	RAINS OF CASTAMERE!
408	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-07	Thoros singing Rains??? What?
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 07 April 2013 - 08:40 PM.
409	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	Thorpe singing Rains??? What?I had the same thought.
410	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	"Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?" Ned.lol
411	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-07	Tyrion thinks Sansa is hit, now? Shae divulging sloppy LF's plans?
412	Cressit	2013-04-07	Shae scenes are so painful. WHY couldn't they have given him a better actress to work with?
413	WinterKing	2013-04-07	Thoros +Tom o Sevens
414	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	So they're making Shae all jealous about Tyrion thinking Sansa is a great beauty.  I smell an angle being constructed...this will be the reason why she ends up in Tywin's bed after Tyrion's wed to Sansa....
415	oneortheother	2013-04-07	Woah, did Renly ask Marg for anal?
416	Bayard	2013-04-07	So, if they changed Jeyne Westerling's name to Talisa because she was so different, what do you people think we should call Cat from now on??
417	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	This Theon torture stuff is going to get harder and harder to watch...
418	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	Woah, did Renly ask Marg for anal?Nah!  She's just manipulating Joff and trying to pass off as innocent.  Joff would probably wouldn't be so keen on sweet, orphan kissing Marg if he knew she was willing to have threesomes with her brother and Renly.
419	Greywolf2375	2013-04-07	Theon is having a very bad day.
420	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Writers are trolling us with a Howland Reed mention lol
421	oneortheother	2013-04-07	Writers are trolling us with a Howland Reed mention lolDefinitely. Btw, Jojen looks younger than Bran but his actor is like ten years older.
422	oneortheother	2013-04-07	AND ARYA IS INSANE
423	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Thoros is fckin awesome.
424	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	The Hound always has to rain on Arya's parade.
425	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-07	edit: stupid double posting phone
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 07 April 2013 - 09:17 PM.
426	Lady Octarina	2013-04-07	I felt like going "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!" throughout the episode. YAY Jaime and Brienne! YAY the Reeds! YAY direwolves! YAY the Sansa scene with the Tyrells! YAY Mance! YAY Arya and Hot Pie and Gendry! YAY Thoros! etc.
One thing, though - isn't it a bit too soon for the Sansa-Tyrell conversation? They really are rushing her escape plot, but I still don't see how that can happen without the Purple Wedding, and how the PW could happen this season.
I keep finding myself confused as to what exactly they are doing with Catelyn Stark on the show. First, she's much more lovable than on the books, then they make her unbearable, and now she prayed for Jon Snow's life? I can't see book!Catelyn doing that, but, hey, still a touching scene so, not complaining.
427	ebevan91	2013-04-07	2nd best episode of the series so far.
428	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Judging from the preview, I think next episode will have Ramsay send out Theon so he can play his little game. Oh God.
429	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	My favorite scene was Sansa with the Queen of Thorns by far, I like the premiere better.
430	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	That was just awful. The Bran, Arya and Jaime scenes were good, and the Sansa/Olenna/Margaery scene was amazing. But that's it. The rest was really boring. The Catelyn/Talisa scene was absolutely horrible. It felt like badly written fanfiction.
The best bit about the episode was the preview at the end because of that short glimpse of Daenerys. The episode really suffered without her IMO.
431	Trebla	2013-04-07	Very good episode. Pretty clever to keep Theon around by having him toyed with my Ramsay. I also like the "character assassination" of Cat. It does keep with the grimness of Cat in ASoS.
432	Dru	2013-04-07	Everything was perfect minus Shea. So really no complaints at all from me as I can just tune her out. Loved the Queen of Thorns and it's always good to see the Hound. Also Howland Reed was spoken about and that gives me goosebumps.
433	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	Yeah, it doesn't look too good for Theon.  I was wondering if that was Reek who sent him out on the journey.  These scenes are not going to be pleasant to watch.
434	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-04-07	Great ep all around. Loved Lady Olenna so much! NIce to see the Hound back as well. The intro of the Reed kids was just perfect. I agree, the Catelyn scene stunk. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they put that in to setup something else later on, but really didn't care for it one bit.
435	oneortheother	2013-04-07	WHERE WAS LEM ):
436	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Yeah, it doesn't look too good for Theon.  I was wondering if that was Reek who sent him out on the journey.  These scenes are not going to be pleasant to watch.Actually, that's most likely Ramsay, sorry to say.
437	ServantOnIce	2013-04-07	Everything was perfect minus Shea. So really no complaints at all from me as I can just tune her out. Loved the Queen of Thorns and it's always good to see the Hound. Also Howland Reed was spoken about and that gives me goosebumps.I agree, outstanding Episode, definitely building toward many things this season.Lord Karstark, "This war was over the moment you married her."Karstark complaining about the defection of The Frey men, also it seems Robb has lost the cause of some in the Riverlands.
438	Cravensbayne	2013-04-07	That was just awful. The Bran, Arya and Jaime scenes were good, and the Sansa/Olenna/Margaery scene was amazing. But that's it. The rest was really boring. The Catelyn/Talisa scene was absolutely horrible. It felt like badly written fanfiction.The best bit about the episode was the preview at the end because of that short glimpse of Daenerys. The episode really suffered without her IMO.The fanfic part is so true. Cat doesn't like Jon, right?  That's how I took it from the books. Pretty good episode beside that.
439	ServantOnIce	2013-04-07	Actually, that's most likely Ramsay, sorry to say.Yep that was Ramsay, see how he signaled to what appeared to be, "Skinner" and they left.  Ramsay is having some fun with Theon. No Kyra though . .
440	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Yep that was Ramsay, see how he signaled to what appeared to be, "Skinner" and they left.  Ramsay is having some fun with Theon. No Kyra though . .With the huge rumor that Iwan Rheon is Ramsay, it's safe to say it's Ramsay. I did say in an earlier post he's letting him out to play his game. He does love his chase. :[
441	Crazeejezza	2013-04-07	Still no jokes from Tormund about his member. Come on D&D.
442	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	seven help us! the catelyn fans are going to have one massive coronary.I'm a Catelyn fan and I thought the haters were going to have a coronary.
443	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-07	Had to laugh at the sound of the Internet exploding over Catelyn's speech to Talisa. Honestly, I don't know how I feel about it. Is it out of character? Sure. I can't envision Cat ever admitting to guilt over Jon. But, hell, show!Cat never followed through on her guilt. I think, at our core, humans always realize when they're jealous and bitter, though we would never actually admit to it -- we'd stand firm on a foundation of self righteousness. So, while out of character, I don't necessarily think it's an absolute travesty for Cat to admit to feeling guilty at one point -- an innocent babe was about to die after she had wished for it. The babe didn't die, so she was all "Lulz, that was close...I'ma go back to hating you now."
444	wolfmaid7	2013-04-07	Catelyn's little speech about Jon...Wow
445	Montey14	2013-04-07	uhhhg ...the Shea scenes are just unbearable....cat going on about wanting to love Jon but couldn't.....eeesh.....the scenes with the wolves and Bran and the Reeds are pretty excellent ....so now we know it will be Bran who will reveal Jon's parentage....Jojen already saw his fathers memories....nice......
446	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	Actually, that's most likely Ramsay, sorry to say.Yes, you're right.  I should have seen that.  Works for me...though I do want the show to set-up where Reek comes from.
447	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Had to laugh at the sound of the Internet exploding over Catelyn's speech to Talisa. Honestly, I don't know how I feel about it. Is it out of character? Sure. I can't envision Cat ever admitting to guilt over Jon. But, hell, show!Cat never followed through on her guilt. I think, at our core, humans always realize when they're jealous and bitter, though we would never actually admit to it -- we'd stand firm on a foundation of self righteousness. So, while out of character, I don't necessarily think it's an absolute travesty for Cat to admit to feeling guilty at one point -- an innocent babe was about to die after she had wished for it. The babe didn't die, so she was all "Lulz, that was close...I'ma go back to hating you now."That last bit you just said made me dislike Catelyn even more. I always disliked her to begin with but I was like jeez, woman, make up your damn mind.
448	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	They are softening Cat up to make viewers feel worse about what is going to happen.
Remember, there was also controversy in Season 1 that they cut "I wish it had been you"
Makes me think we won't get UnCat, but that's another mark in the Show's favor, if you ask me.
449	Trebla	2013-04-07	Jaime is the Roger Sterling of Game of Thrones. On Renly: "Too bad the throne wasn't made of cocks, they would never have gotten him off it..." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
450	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	Had to laugh at the sound of the Internet exploding over Catelyn's speech to Talisa. Honestly, I don't know how I feel about it. Is it out of character? Sure. I can't envision Cat ever admitting to guilt over Jon. But, hell, show!Cat never followed through on her guilt. I think, at our core, humans always realize when they're jealous and bitter, though we would never actually admit to it -- we'd stand firm on a foundation of self righteousness. So, while out of character, I don't necessarily think it's an absolute travesty for Cat to admit to feeling guilty at one point -- an innocent babe was about to die after she had wished for it. The babe didn't die, so she was all "Lulz, that was close...I'ma go back to hating you now."Agreed.  I think she regretted what she said to Jon in the book but would never admit it publicly.  It's possible she had these feelings about Jon over the course of 15+ years.  It's a long time for something like that to have crossed her mind.  But believing that her treatment of Jon Snow is the reason for all her ills?  That I'm not buying.
451	go joff go	2013-04-07	I know there is going to be another thread about this but I'm not sure what the outrage on CAT is about she basically couldn't followthrough on her promise to herself that she would be nicer to Snow. It makes her sympathetic and unsympathetic at the same time-which I think is a good thing.
On a side note, nothing to add to the talisa is a traitor theory from this episode.  Plus all the new characters were awesome Orell, QOT, Thoros, Anguy, Jojen, meera, locke -none of them dissappointed for me at all.
Lastly its crazy how much older Sansa Arya and Bran look this year.
452	houseHB	2013-04-07	I think the Cat showing sympathy for Jon when he was young could maybe with a very slim chance be a foreshadow of Lady Stoneheart possibly playing a role in Jon's rebirth? Maybe?
453	Montey14	2013-04-07	In the book Cat actually wishes it was Jon who was going to die when he came to visit Bran....I guess it was a reference to that
454	areacode201	2013-04-07	Jaime is the Roger Sterling of Game of Thrones. On Renly: "Too bad the throne wasn't made of cocks, they would never have gotten him off it..." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That was absolutely hilarious.
455	oneortheother	2013-04-07	I agree, outstanding Episode, definitely building toward many things this season.Lord Karstark, "This war was over the moment you married her."Karstark complaining about the defection of The Frey men, also it seems Robb has lost the cause of some in the Riverlands.Don't forget Anguy being sufficiently badass.
456	Lord Martin	2013-04-07	I also thought the guy who freed Theon was really Ramsay Snow.  
Fair to assume he'll confess that Bran and Rickon are alive and the show will add some drama to Bran's story line by having his group hide from the Boltons, maybe even split up?
457	cybobbie	2013-04-07	I really enjoyed the episode, I mean there are amazing scenes and a couple of bad scenes, so in all I like it. Best scenes so far Queen of Thorns and Sansa,(loved how Diana Riggs managed to give her the acid sense of humour, without being too Maggie Smith) and of course Jaime and Brienne - loved his lines!! I was surprised to see the Reeds, but liked the scenes. Very happy also to see Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry and the prize was the brotherhood. So far so good, but Shae kills me. I mean her scenes are so painful to watch!! The other very strange scene was Cat's one about Jon, I really don't know what they are going to do with her at the moment. It was very, very strange to see Cat saying those lines.
458	jons nissa	2013-04-07	loved it. no complaints at all. i cringed when bolton came in just when talisa and robb were hugging. and they've blatantly stated that the marriage will be the reason they lose the war. rw all set up!
the warging was weird. and i really don't like ygritte. sigh. didn't like her in the books either. theon was great and i cringed again. the wimp in me hopes they don't show too much. felt like a horror movie.
sansa and the queen of thorns were wonderful. brienne and jaime were good although i question how likely it is that she could beat jaime so easily. 
i LOLed at joff telling his mom to fuck off nicely but felt thoroughly uneasy at margaery playing with joff's crossbow. yikes! she seems to have seduced him completely.
sansa, shae and tyrion. still think they're going to have shae betray tyrion because of jealousy but i think she will do her best to help sansa.
was that everything? oh yeah, cat. so yeah, i have some thoughts on why they wrote this that i posted in the interview with michelle. i'm sure it will cause all sorts of commotion. 
and then it ends with arya, thoros and the hound. just lovely. absolutely lovely.
459	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-07	Woah, did Renly ask Marg for anal?I think she said that to seduce Joffrey.
460	Zman1863	2013-04-07	I also thought the guy who freed Theon was really Ramsay Snow.  Fair to assume he'll confess that Bran and Rickon are alive and the show will add some drama to Bran's story line by having his group hide from the Boltons, maybe even split up?Yeah they've got to split up Bran and Rickon at some point. Avoiding searchers would be a good reason.
461	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	Would a kind spirit please provide me with a decent link to the new episode?
462	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-07	I also thought the guy who freed Theon was really Ramsay Snow.  Fair to assume he'll confess that Bran and Rickon are alive and the show will add some drama to Bran's story line by having his group hide from the Boltons, maybe even split up?Yeah that was Iwan. Looks like he will be getting an excellent intro. BTW does anyone else think Thoros was just trolling singing Rains?
463	Montey14	2013-04-07	I also thought the guy who freed Theon was really Ramsay Snow.  Fair to assume he'll confess that Bran and Rickon are alive and the show will add some drama to Bran's story line by having his group hide from the Boltons, maybe even split up?i'm thinking Bolton already knows the truth about Bran and rickon....being that the iron men who gave up theon filled him in on the details.....just speculation
464	oneortheother	2013-04-07	<U+0080>If truth be told, even our claim to Highgarden is a bit dodgy, just as those dreadful Florents are always whining. "What does it matter," you ask, and of course it doesn't, except to oafs like my son. The thought that one day he might see his grandson with his arse on the Iron Thronemakes Mace puff up like ... now, what do you call it? Margaery, you're clever, be a dear and tell your poor old half-daft grandmother the name of that queer fish from the Summer Isles that puffs up to ten times its own size when you poke it.'				'They call them puff fish, Grandmother.'				'Of course they do, Summer Islanders have no imagination. My son ought to take the puff fish for his sigil, if truth be told. He could put a crown on it, the way the Baratheon do their stag, perhaps that would make him happy. We should have stayed well out of all this bloody foolishness if you ask me, but once the cow's been milked there's no squirting the cream back up her udder. After Lord Puff Fish put that crown on Renly's head, we were into the pudding up to our knees, so here we are to see things through. And what do you say to that, Sansa?'				Sansa's mouth opened and closed. She felt rather like a puff fish herself.[1]Why was this not in there ):
465	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-07	Yeah, I was glad that QoT didn't seem too close like the Dowager Countess of Grantham -- I can just see show-only viewers complaining that QoT is cribbing off of Downton! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
466	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I don't get the outrage over the Cat/Jon thing. Like we all realize she was a huge bitch to him his whole life, right?
Her little commentary wasn't the writers pinning all the stark misfortune on her actions, it was the miserable ramblings of a woman who has essentially lost all of her children and husband, and now is reflecting about everything she could've done differently and projecting her "failures" unfairly on the whole situation.
467	BericDondarrion	2013-04-07	The best bit about the episode was the preview at the end because of that short glimpse of Daenerys. The episode really suffered without her IMO.LOL.This episode was much better then last week and it was due to not having it be about Dany.
468	Ran	2013-04-07	She wasn't anything to Jon his entire life. She didn't have anything to do with him. Since she doesn't actually owe him anything, nor is she expected to, she hasn't really done anything wrong except from a modern perspective that has markedly different values than her society and upbringing imparted to her.
469	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Oh man! I forgot about Margaery. She was amazing. I love how she subtlely alluded to her liking danger to seduce Joffrey. She really does know how to play the game.
470	Jaxtile	2013-04-07	100% thrilled with this episode. It ended with me going "Jamie and Brienne can totally take them."
And wishing for more... So much more Arya.
471	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-07	Don't forget Anguy being sufficiently badass.Anguy was GREAT! I didnt expect Anguy to be that great.Ramsay was the one going "Ill be back tonight." I still think hes too pretty to be Ramsay....And Hot Pie looked like Hot Pie. (i actually said this out loud)Hound entrance made my mum go "oh my fuck." So yeah. That was a good set up there.Cat scene. What? Just... what? I am Florina and i do not approve this change. One whit.Reeds Reeds Reeds Reeds! I love em!Olenna <33LOL.This episode was much better then last week and it was due to not having it be about Dany./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Florina Stark, 07 April 2013 - 09:23 PM.
472	Ran	2013-04-07	Rated this episode the same as last, BTW -- a seven. It's still slow, and the best thing in it is Paul Kaye as Thoros of Myr... and there's only so much a tertiary character can really do, you know? But boy, everything brightens up when he's on. Last thing I would have expected.
473	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I really loved this episode.  It had a wonderful balance of action, character scenes and humor.  I REALLY loved Jojen.  I knew the actor would do a fantastic job, he has been great in everything I have seen him in, and he really brought mystery and new life to Bran's story.  I think it was a very good decision to wait and introduce the Reeds at the beginning of Bran's storyline this season.
I also loved Margaery.  Natalie Dormer continues to be fantastic and seeing her play Joffrey and seeing him fall for it is just amazing.  The Queen of Thorns also was great, you can definitely see her already planning how to dispose of Joffrey.
The Cat scene, watching it I knew fans would freak but I don't think that it changed anything.  It doesn't rewrite who Catelyn was to make her show sympathy once.  Ultimately she could never love Jon and she obviously has hated him in Season 1, so the hatred is still there.  I do wonder why they left it ambiguous as to what happened to Bran and Rickon.  No one reported that they were "dead"?
Overall,  a very strong episode.  I know the Cat wars will be rekindled because of it, but that doesn't change that the episode was just great.
474	jons nissa	2013-04-07	I'm a Catelyn fan and I thought the haters were going to have a coronary.i think both will. the fans will scream "foul" and the haters will scream "told you she was blaming an innocent for the actions of an adult". i expect the thread to be started right about now and be at 20pages by tomorrow afternoon. perhaps sooner.cat going on about wanting to love Jon but couldn't.....eeeshactually she does think that she tried to love him but couldn't in the book. the rest is just "show" talk though.I think the Cat showing sympathy for Jon when he was young could maybe with a very slim chance be a foreshadow of Lady Stoneheart possibly playing a role in Jon's rebirth? Maybe?please no. just no. anyway, i believe (ok, i hope) jon won't need to be brought back from death so the "gift" will not be needed.
475	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	I think the Cat showing sympathy for Jon when he was young could maybe with a very slim chance be a foreshadow of Lady Stoneheart possibly playing a role in Jon's rebirth? Maybe?Also a future conversation between her and Robb about legitimizing Jon.
476	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	I was a little disappointed with the Jaime/Brienne duel.  It wasn't bad mind you but I was hoping it would have the wild ending where they're fighting in the river.  It underwhelmed, like the Castle Darry fight underwhelmed last season.
477	ViennaGirl	2013-04-07	I love Margery messing with Joffrey - even better than I pictured it when reading. Anguy with the arrow in the sky was excellent. Cat - huh. I didn't hate the Jon confession. I kind of loved it, but now it's a totally different story (I think). LOVED the Reeds - they're both badass.
478	Ross2013	2013-04-07	... brienne and jaime were good although i question how likely it is that she could beat jaime so easily.I think we can give Jaime a pass.  he's been tied up in a cage for however long its been, maybe malnutritioned, and was handcuffed.  plus, Brienne can best Loras
479	Husband to Bears	2013-04-07	Where is this nice Cat everyone is getting? I believe her moment of "weakness" was when she thought young Jon might die. She prayed for his life, but when his life was spared, she went back hating Ned's bastard.  I think it's consistent, not everyone is completely evil or good in this story.
480	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	Great episode. Happy to see Bran, Robb, and Jon together again (just a few more inches and Bran will be as tall as his brothers). Love to see very  fierce Arya, but feel sorry to see Theon being tortured.
481	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-07	I'm having a bit of nerd rage over the Cat/Talisa scene. However, those of you who pointed out that it's kind of a call back to "It should have been you" have calmed me down a bit. Other than that, it was a great episode. I was amazed at how much they fast forwarded Arya meeting up with the BWB, and that the Hound is the one who recognizes her.  Loved the Reeds' intro. I really, really hope we get to hear their oath though. Please? Sansa and the Tyrells was good. I don't hate Shae like some, she brings some humor and a non-player's perspective.
Oh, did anyone notice that Joe Dempsie got a Baratheon stag in the credits? I think it's the first time he's been in the opening.
482	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	I was a little disappointed with the Jaime/Brienne duel.  It wasn't bad mind you but I was hoping it would have the wild ending where they're fighting in the river.  It underwhelmed, like the Castle Darry fight underwhelmed last season.Better than it could have been, but they should have had it sprawling across terrain and into the river like in the book.
483	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	LOL.This episode was much better then last week and it was due to not having it be about Dany. I really don't care what you think. I think the episode suffered without Daenerys. She's a one of a kind character whose scenes really elevate an episode, whether you like her or not.The episode was a mess anyway even if it had included Dany. Osha vs Meera, Cat vs Talisa, Shae vs Ros/Sansa... Ugh. The writing was awful. Vanessa Taylor should be fired. And D&D shouldn't have been given the job in the first place...
484	jons nissa	2013-04-07	plus, Brienne can best Lorasahh but loras is no jaime.
485	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-07	brienne and jaime were good although i question how likely it is that she could beat jaime so easily.Jaime has been tied up and held captive for a long time. I don't think it's that unlikely. We saw Brienne defeat Loros last season so we know she is a good fighter.
486	Senor Drogo	2013-04-07	Someone give Karstark a bloody medal, he's the only one who got it. Robb you effed this war up when you married her. And then poor Lord Karstark is gonna go and lose his head tsk tsk.
The Cat scene was a little odd, and is just me, or is Jojen in the TV show just weird, I mean im expecting this little kid, and we get this dude who seems older than Bran....
I think the best part of this episode for me was Brienne and Jaime, and not to forget Lady Olenna, haha she was great "When a Tyrell farts it smells like roses"
487	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	Where is this nice Cat everyone is getting? I believe her moment of "weakness" was when she thought young Jon might die. She prayed for his life, but when his life was spared, she went back hating Ned's bastard.  I think it's consistent, not everyone is completely evil or good in this story.I agree, and this was exactly how I interpreted it.  I don't think this showed that TV!Catelyn was either nicer or cruel to Jon than her book counterpart.  It was one moment in their entire history and then things went exactly back to how they were.
488	Zman1863	2013-04-07	She wasn't anything to Jon his entire life. She didn't have anything to do with him. Since she doesn't actually owe him anything, nor is she expected to, she hasn't really done anything wrong except from a modern perspective that has markedly different values than her society and upbringing imparted to her.Even by modern standards I don't think you can judge book Catelyn for her stance toward Jon. I came to the books after the show first debuted and Cat reminded me of Elizabeth Edwards, US politician John Edwards's wife. We discussed in my family whether Mrs. Edwards would be within her rights to shun the love child. Only my hippie hearted uncle dissented from the majority view that she didn't owe anything to her husband's bastard.
489	hazlnut	2013-04-07	I love Margery messing with Joffrey - even better than I pictured it when reading. Anguy with the arrow in the sky was excellent. Cat - huh. I didn't hate the Jon confession. I kind of loved it, but now it's a totally different story (I think). LOVED the Reeds - they're both badass.Margery is growing by leaps and bounds.That's one thing about GRRM, he introduces us to people, then they disappear for a book or two.  Not on the show.The writers on the show have created a version of Margery that is both true to the books and original.If the king asks her to kill someone in front of him, while he masterbates, that would show how his sadism grows as be becomes more sick and dangerous.
490	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	She wasn't anything to Jon his entire life. She didn't have anything to do with him. Since she doesn't actually owe him anything, nor is she expected to, she hasn't really done anything wrong except from a modern perspective that has markedly different values than her society and upbringing imparted to her.She told a 14-year old boy that he should've basically died instead of Bran. I would consider that especially mean even in that society.
491	HokieStone	2013-04-07	Lastly its crazy how much older Sansa Arya and Bran look this year.Yes...they've already resorted to Hodor pulling Bran in a cart rather than carrying him.  Another season or two, and those two (Arya and Bran) are going to look like young adults, and not kids anymore.
492	Trebla	2013-04-07	Jaime has been tied up and held captive for a long time. I don't think it's that unlikely. We saw Brienne defeat Loros last season so we know she is a good fighter. Plus Jaime's hands were bound and Brienne was armored.
493	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	Where is this nice Cat everyone is getting? I believe her moment of "weakness" was when she thought young Jon might die. She prayed for his life, but when his life was spared, she went back hating Ned's bastard.  I think it's consistent, not everyone is completely evil or good in this story.I don't think it was out of character.  She only prayed for him because she felt guilty about wishing him dead in the first place.I have a problem with her martyr complex.  "it is all my fault for not loving the motherless child"
494	Ran	2013-04-07	What I find weird about the Rickard Karstark scene is... I totally buy this dialog, but what did Robb say to it? I don't know, it's not normal for someone to be told he made a huge mistake getting married to someone, and have him just shrug about it. Seemed odd to me that we didn't at least get something.
495	niAostark	2013-04-07	next episode: Cersei does a speech saying that how much she loved Robert and how difficult was hide it
496	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	Where is this nice Cat everyone is getting? I believe her moment of "weakness" was when she thought young Jon might die. She prayed for his life, but when his life was spared, she went back hating Ned's bastard.  I think it's consistent, not everyone is completely evil or good in this story.I'll go with this too.  I don't believe if Catelyn was ignore Jon Snow if he were dying.  I'd think she'd try to help him but that still wouldn't make her his mother in her eyes.  She saw a young boy who was dying and she showed compassion for him.  When it was done, she went back to treating him the way she always did.
497	Ran	2013-04-07	She told a 14-year old boy that he should've basically died instead of Bran. I would consider that especially mean even in that society.When she was living in a fog of grief of deep, black depression. She had aged 20 years, she wasn't sleeping, she was barely eating. She was not, in fact, in her right mind. Holding it against her when she's basically had a total mental breakdown is... well, not being in your right mind.But as I said, you'll see there are many people not in their right mind.
498	teemo	2013-04-07	What I find weird about the Rickard Karstark scene is... I totally buy this dialog, but what did Robb say to it? I don't know, it's not normal for someone to be told he made a huge mistake getting married to someone, and have him just shrug about it. Seemed odd to me that we didn't at least get something.when Karstark said that, I thought, "oh, this will be an interesting scene." then cuts to Cat and Talisa.
499	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-07	What's with Robb and Cat not knowing that Bran and Rickon are "dead"? That's such a huge thing, everyone thinks they are dead.
500	hazlnut	2013-04-07	I think she said that to seduce Joffrey.I agree.He's gave a great look--fascinated with the notion of anal--but as a form of humiliation with him.
501	Parallaxus	2013-04-07	Anyone else take amused note of the little bead on QoT's head-dress?
502	Newstar	2013-04-07	Even though there was a lot going on in this episode (something like 8 different plotlines at least), it didn't feel rushed. The writing for the non-book scenes (...or most of them) was a little clunky, but the episode moved at a good clip.
So the writers have officially introduced Shae being jealous of Sansa (or at least Tyrion commenting about her looks)...while also underlining Shae's protectiveness of Sansa and commitment to keeping her safe. So I don't know where the writers are going with that. It's setup, obviously, but given how different TV Shae is, I couldn't say for what.
I was expecting the QOT to be more...flamboyant, I guess? I liked her, but she seemed a bit subdued. I was expecting someone a little more outrageous, a little harsher, a little sharper and a little nastier.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 07 April 2013 - 09:36 PM.
503	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	The writers on the show have created a version of Margery that is both true to the books and original.That's a wonderful way of putting it, IMO. I feel like this is exactly how Margaery would have been had we seen more of her, with either her POV or Joffrey's.
504	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	I said it in the "ratings" thread, but I'll say it here too.
I really don't like Osha staying with Bran instead of going with Ricken.  Poor baby was sent off on his own to be raised by wolves.
505	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	When she was living in a fog of grief of deep, black depression. She had aged 20 years, she wasn't sleeping, she was barely eating. She was not, in fact, in her right mind. Holding it against her when she's basically had a total mental breakdown is... well, not being in your right mind.But as I said, you'll see there are many people not in their right mind. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Agreed, but now she's swallowing the grief of her other two sons and her father dead. She's not in her right mind which is why she's super-projecting her not so nice treatment of Jon to everything else that's happened.
506	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I said it in the "ratings" thread, but I'll say it here too.I really don't like Osha staying with Bran instead of going with Ricken.  Poor baby was sent off on his own to be raised by wolves.I didn't interpret this scene as such.  I just though Rickon was running off for a second, not to never come back.
507	Zman1863	2013-04-07	I said it in the "ratings" thread, but I'll say it here too.I really don't like Osha staying with Bran instead of going with Ricken.  Poor baby was sent off on his own to be raised by wolves.That was just Ricken wandering off, not leaving. They wouldn't just let a little kid part ways with the group never to be seen again.
508	Newstar	2013-04-07	Another book change: Robb and Catelyn don't know whether Bran and Rickon are dead, unlike in the books where they "knew." They're just missing and unaccounted for, which is...not great, admittedly, but very different from "confirmed dead."
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 07 April 2013 - 09:40 PM.
509	Ross2013	2013-04-07	What's with Robb and Cat not knowing that Bran and Rickon are "dead"? That's such a huge thing, everyone thinks they are dead.theon killed the ravens at winterfell last season
510	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	I didn't interpret this scene as such.  I just though Rickon was running off for a second, not to never come back.I hope that is true.  It was "He'll be ok with the wolves" and then telling Summer to go on with him that made me think they had seperated.
511	jons nissa	2013-04-07	Yes...they've already resorted to Hodor pulling Bran in a cart rather than carrying him.  Another season or two, and those two (Arya and Bran) are going to look like young adults, and not kids anymore.they are growing way too fast. i wonder if it might become a problem. next episode: Cersei does a speech saying that how much she loved Robert and how difficult was hide itno, the cersei scene was just as wtf and happened in season 2 where cersei confides in tyrion that joff's crazy behavior is a punishment for her crazy behavior in his conception. she skirts around saying incest but the implications are crystal clear. so both mothers feel they are being punished for failing to do something.
512	Zman1863	2013-04-07	I hope that is true.  It was "He'll be ok with the wolves" and then telling Summer to go on with him that made me think they had seperated.Summer is bonded to Bran. He wouldn't send his own wolf with his brother when he's got his own.
513	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-07	Absolutely love how Marge knows exactly how to handle Joff. The way she was caressing his crossbow, you'd think she was caressing his dick. And, hilariously enough, I firmly believe Joff's crossbow is his dick.I agree that Thoros was the most surprising aspect of this episode. Because, out of all the additions, he wasn't someone I was anticipating. Jojen and Meera are perfect, though. And, I'm trying my hardest not to hold it against Diana Rigg that she's not Maggie Smith. Damn it, brain, it's not her fault.
514	GameofThronesFTW	2013-04-07	This episode was awesome. The only thing i really hated was tyrions bj...like seriously come on...how can D&D think of such an idea to add? Oh lets have tyrion get a BJ, that would be awesome and get us more viewers!
No...
515	Table8	2013-04-07	LOL.This episode was much better then last week and it was due to not having it be about Dany.This.
516	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	they are growing way too fast. i wonder if it might become a problem.It was quite a difference between Bran last year and Bran this year in looks and in his voice, but I don't think it'll be a problem.  The events in the TV show do not need to be as compressed as they appear in the books.  It doesn't need to be a story told across only three years -- it can (and will since they have aged a lot since the pilot) feel like much more time is passing.  I, personally, would be much more upset if they sought to recast the roles.
517	Ross2013	2013-04-07	Another book change: Robb and Catelyn don't know whether Bran and Rickon are dead, unlike in the books where they "knew." They're just missing and unaccounted for, which is...not great, admittedly, but very different from "confirmed dead."I think the show is trying to play a game with "who has theon" (which book readers know obviously).  only way to play that out is for robb and cat to only get sketchy info from the north (bolton lying and saying Ramsay found the place empty)
518	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	This episode was awesome. The only thing i really hated was tyrions bj...like seriously come on...how can D&D think of such an idea to add? Oh lets have tyrion get a BJ, that would be awesome and get us more viewers!No...There was no needless sexposition and/or nudity.  I can deal with one BJ... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
519	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	Summer is bonded to Bran. He wouldn't send his own wolf with his brother when he's got his own.And Ghost is bonded to Jon, but he's not with him either
520	Howdyphillip	2013-04-07	When she was living in a fog of grief of deep, black depression. She had aged 20 years, she wasn't sleeping, she was barely eating. She was not, in fact, in her right mind. Holding it against her when she's basically had a total mental breakdown is... well, not being in your right mind.But as I said, you'll see there are many people not in their right mind. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Although I can have empathy for the character and understand the place she is when she reviles Jon Snow, I also can feel it was an absolute terrible thing for someone to say to another. She also never apologized or in her inner dialog thought to apologize for this the entire series.I love the character of Catelyn Stark in the books, but it is painfully obvious that she is flawed in several ways. I personally feel like her treatment of Jon Snow was one of them.edited to say that no one has ever accused me of being in my right mind, so Ran may be correct...
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 07 April 2013 - 09:49 PM.
521	Husband to Bears	2013-04-07	Half the country is starving and look at this one. Maybe he's the reason half the country is starving. 
Hot Pie! hot Pie! 
It took long enough but i loved The reveal of the Jojen and Meera.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Summer meeting Jojen, hmmm.  This connection with Bloodraven?
522	houseHB	2013-04-07	The biggest problem I had with this episode was no Tywin
523	Ran	2013-04-07	She also never apologized or in her inner dialog thought to apologize for this the entire series.Not true. She feels guilt when she thinks about him while climbing the Eyrie, and in general she feels awful about that entire period after Bran's fall.
524	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-07	And Ghost is bonded to Jon, but he's not with him eitherYes but Bran needs Summer with him for the story. Ghost does wander off in the books. I really don't think this was the Bran/Rickon parting. I would think it would happen with a little more fanfare. My guess is that the Boltons will be approaching, or maybe Bran or Jojen has a greendream that it's no longer safe for them to be together, then they part. I do wonder what they'll do about Osha. Maybe we'll get to see what Rickon and Osha have been up to?
525	Cheese Pudding	2013-04-07	I believe they changed the Reed's background. If I'm not mistaken, Howland used to talk about the Rebellion lots of times with Jojen and Meera. The show made Jojen more powerful in terms of "greensighting". But OK, Jojen can still talk about Lyanna (but in the end he won't).
526	Minsc	2013-04-07	Although I can have empathy for the character and understand the place she is when she reviles Jon Snow, I also can feel it was an absolute terrible thing for someone to say to another. She also never apologized or in her inner dialog thought to apologize for this the entire series..She never sees him again.Additionally, she kinda gets caught up in this little war so she might have other things to think about rather how she needs to send him a nice apology letter.
527	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Jumbled, unrelated thoughts:
1) Was anyone disappointed they didn't have the Dreadfort in the opening credits, given that a couple scenes from Episode 2 take place there?  I wanted to see how they would render that terrible place.  I liked the first glimpse of Ramsay Snow.  He looks the part.
2) Ran quoted a critic who called one Catelyn's scenes in Episode 2 "character assassination".  Was this referring to the scene where she admitted to praying for Jon Snow's death when he was a baby?  I didn't mind that at all.  She always hated Jon in the books--yet she has a conscience so her sin of praying for an innocent babe's death has always gnawed at her; I think it was more-or-less true to the books.  Perhaps the assassination was something else, something I missed.
3) What did you think of the treatment of homosexuality in the Joff-Margery scene (which was excellent, in my view)?  Joff says he's considering punishing homosexuality by death, which seems a bit too on-the-nose and topical for me.  On the other hand, GRRM  never explicitly explores what the religious/moral position on  homosexuality is in Westeros.  Reading the books, I sort of get the idea that homosexuals are mocked (not unlike how Jaime mocks the late Renly in this episode) but not that they are considered abominations before the gods, the way those who commit incest are.  It's interesting to think about.
4) The Brienne-Jaime duel was a bit of a letdown, but it was still watchable.  I missed the line from the books where Jaime tells his soon-to-be captors that they caught him in the middle of "disciplining his wife"
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 09:58 PM.
528	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-07	This episode was awesome. The only thing i really hated was tyrions bj...like seriously come on...how can D&D think of such an idea to add? Oh lets have tyrion get a BJ, that would be awesome and get us more viewers!No...At least the ep didn't have any porn.
529	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-07	Yes but Bran needs Summer with him for the story. Ghost does wander off in the books. I really don't think this was the Bran/Rickon parting. I would think it would happen with a little more fanfare. My guess is that the Boltons will be approaching, or maybe Bran or Jojen has a greendream that it's no longer safe for them to be together, then they part. I do wonder what they'll do about Osha. Maybe we'll get to see what Rickon and Osha have been up to?I posted in the wrong thread about about being wrong about Ricken leaving.  Just watched it a second time and caught them telling him to not wonder off.
530	Ghost714	2013-04-07	What was up with Mormont telling Rast to take care of Sam? He knows that Grenn and Dolorous Edd are friends with Sam, why not have them watch Sam? You know....like they were already doing? I don't know why they didn't just have Rast die on the Fist. I mean, are they going to have Rast try and kill Sam, opposed to Chett? And if so, they could have done so without Mormont telling him to watch Sam. Are they trying to show that Mormont wants Sam dead, because if not Rast is the last one for the job, especially when you already have two established friends doing it willingly. 
Just seemed weird and forced to me.
531	Cravensbayne	2013-04-07	Brienne whooped Jaime's ass!
532	Minsc	2013-04-07	1) Was anyone disappointed they didn't have the Dreadfort in the opening credits, given that a couple scenes from Episode 2 take place there?  I wanted to see how they would render that terrible place.  I liked the first glimpse of Ramsay Snow.  He looks the part.Aren't they try to keep Theon's location and fate secret?  So showing Dreadfort would work to give that away.
533	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Did anyone lol at Clegane's delivery of "The fuck are you doing here?"
534	Aegnor	2013-04-07	I'm a bit disappointed in Sophie Turner. I don't know whether it was her, or the direction she was given, or what. Dianna Rigg and Natalie Dormer I thought both did incredible jobs in that scene, but Sophie seemed wooden and seemed like she was reciting lines. I'm mainly talking about the line where she is begging them not to cancel the wedding. That should be absolute terror and panic.
535	Zman1863	2013-04-07	And Ghost is bonded to Jon, but he's not with him eitherTrue but we know from the books that Ghost and Jon will converge again. We don't have the same knowledge with Rickon and Bran. Once the separation occurs, Summer is sticking with Bran.
536	Ran	2013-04-07	2) Ran quoted a critic who called one Catelyn's scenes in Episode 2 "character assassination".  Was this referring to the scene where she admitted to praying for Jon Snow's death when he was a baby?Yes. I assume Lacob's view is that since the scene opens with her indirectly indicating that she sees herself as having a responsibility to Jon as his mother, it casts her in a much worse light than in the novel, where she does not in fact have that responsibility. He may also be referring to the fact that she wonders if she's to blame for everything, perhaps knowing -- as a veteran TV critic -- that some TV viewers will accept that facile answer.
537	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	What was up with Mormont telling Rast to take care of Sam? He knows that Grenn and Dolorous Edd are friends with Sam, why not have them watch Sam? You know....like they were already doing? I don't know why they didn't just have Rast die on the Fist. I mean, are they going to have Rast try and kill Sam, opposed to Chett? And if so, they could have done so without Mormont telling him to watch Sam. Are they trying to show that Mormont wants Sam dead, because if not Rast is the last one for the job, especially when you already have two established friends doing it willingly.Just seemed weird and forced to me.I think Rast is actually the one who is going to kill Mormont.
538	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-07	3) What did you think of the treatment of homosexuality in the Joff-Margery scene (which was excellent, in my view)?  Joff says he's considering punishing homosexuality by death, which seems a bit too on-the-nose and topical for me.  On the other hand, GRRM  never explicitly explores what the religious/moral position on  homosexuality is in Westeros.  Reading the books, I sort of get the idea that homosexuals are mocked but not that they are considered abominations before the gods, the way those who commit incest are.  It's interesting to think about.I think this gives the Tyrells more reason to pull off the PW.As to the books, I think Westeros takes kind of a don't ask, don't tell policy.
539	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	I think Rast is actually the one who is going to kill Mormont.Yeah it's pretty obvious now that that is what will happen.
540	teemo	2013-04-07	I'm a bit disappointed in Sophie Turner. I don't know whether it was her, or the direction she was given, or what. Dianna Rigg and Natalie Dormer I thought both did incredible jobs in that scene, but Sophie seemed wooden and seemed like she was reciting lines. I'm mainly talking about the line where she is begging them not to cancel the wedding. That should be absolute terror and panic.My friend and I said the said thing at the same time! "What is up with her acting?"  She's usually pretty good, but that was disappointing.
541	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-04-07	Where is this nice Cat everyone is getting? I believe her moment of "weakness" was when she thought young Jon might die. She prayed for his life, but when his life was spared, she went back hating Ned's bastard.  I think it's consistent, not everyone is completely evil or good in this story.I agree. For goodness sake, she prayed for Jon to die and then freaked out because it looked like he might and instead prayed for him to live. It wasn't about Jon, it was about her not wanting to be seen (by her gods) as an evil person. She made a bargain for his life and then failed to keep it. Just setting up her tremendous inner conflict over the loss of her children. It's no so overt in the books, but it's there.Otherwise, I thought it was a decent episode. Slow in spots, but some great character intros. Theon scenes are going to be very painful.And those who pegged the Jaime comment about Renly & the IT as the best of the hour were right on. Lmao.
542	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-07	Oh, where oh, where is the murdering Arya Stark?  She seems so helpless.  It grids all my gears
543	hazlnut	2013-04-07	Summer is bonded to Bran. He wouldn't send his own wolf with his brother when he's got his own.Creating a CGI or model Direwolf for the rest of the scene is expensive, even as a background element-- cheaper to get off stage.
544	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	"I'm unarmed,""That was poor planning."ASHA WOOOHThat was Osha, not Asha ;-)
545	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-07	I'm a bit disappointed in Sophie Turner. I don't know whether it was her, or the direction she was given, or what. Dianna Rigg and Natalie Dormer I thought both did incredible jobs in that scene, but Sophie seemed wooden and seemed like she was reciting lines. I'm mainly talking about the line where she is begging them not to cancel the wedding. That should be absolute terror and panic.Well, truth be told, Sansa was trying to recite lines, but as Littlefinger said, she's a bad liar. I imagine she was directed to be wooden during certain sections of that scene on purpose. I thought she came alive when it came time for her to talk about what Joff did to her father.
546	otherbeef	2013-04-07	bypassing the bloody mummers or saving them somehow? surely Bolton won't take Jaime's hand
547	Ghost714	2013-04-07	This episode was awesome. The only thing i really hated was tyrions bj...like seriously come on...how can D&D think of such an idea to add? Oh lets have tyrion get a BJ, that would be awesome and get us more viewers!No...What's wrong with it? In that situation, that's exactly what Shae would do. It would have been out of place if she didn't. I have no problem with these things in the show, as long as it makes sense, and it's in character, and doesn't take a bunch of precious time, and that took no time at all to show. In the books Tyrion and Shae are always having sex and stuff, and they didn't show them doing that at all really last season, so it was over due. At least they held of the slurping sounds this time haha.
548	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Aren't they try to keep Theon's location and fate secret?  So showing Dreadfort would work to give that away.Hmmm... I think it's pretty clear where he is given that he he is strapped to a scary-looking device that looks EXACTLY like Roose Bolton's sigil, but perhaps I'm wrong
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 10:02 PM.
549	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Well, truth be told, Sansa was trying to recite lines, but as Littlefinger said, she's a bad liar. I imagine she was directed to be wooden during certain sections of that scene on purpose. I thought she came alive when it came time for her to talk about what Joff did to her father.I also took it like that. She's obviously trembling with fear so she has to come off as wooden since we all know she's a terrible liar. Loved the dynamic she showed once she broke down about her father.
550	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	Well, truth be told, Sansa was trying to recite lines, but as Littlefinger said, she's a bad liar. I imagine she was directed to be wooden during certain sections of that scene on purpose. I thought she came alive when it came time for her to talk about what Joff did to her father.Agree with this, I thought Sophie was perfect in that scene.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 07 April 2013 - 10:04 PM.
551	Spooky Scary Jurble	2013-04-07	The Catelyn story has enraged me beyond words.
552	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	3) What did you think of the treatment of homosexuality in the Joff-Margery scene (which was excellent, in my view)?  Joff says he's considering punishing homosexuality by death, which seems a bit too on-the-nose and topical for me.  On the other hand, GRRM  never explicitly explores what the religious/moral position on  homosexuality is in Westeros.  Reading the books, I sort of get the idea that homosexuals are mocked (not unlike how Jaime mocks the late Renly in this episode) but not that they are considered abominations before the gods, the way those who commit incest are.  It's interesting to think about.I wasn't sure what to make of Joffrey's comments about homosexuality.  Either it is a deviation from the books, because I agree with you that homosexuality is something that is snickered at in the books but it never seems like an abomination or anything of the sorts.  There is also the explanation that it is just Joffrey being Joffrey.  Clearly everyone knew about Renly and Loras and we never see anyone, besides Joffrey, make a comment about being a degenerate.  It's always a joke like Jaimes "Iron Throne of cocks" or Littlefinger's "when will you have your friend?"  So for my own personal canon, I think I'll just interpret it as Joffrey being himself.
553	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	Hmmm... I think it's pretty clear where he is given that he he is strapped to a scary-looking device that looks EXACTLY like Roose Bolton's sigil, but perhaps I'm wrongYou're right but I think the writers are trying to make it confusing for show only watchers at the moment. Like you said they can figure out what's going on if they pay attention to those details and the fact that it was Roose who sent his bastard to Winterfell.
554	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	bypassing the bloody mummers or saving them somehow? surely Bolton won't take Jaime's handBolton won't.... but Locke might.I think Rast is actually the one who is going to kill Mormont.For sure, Chett was never in the show Rast is just his name replacement. Dolorous Edd getting some more lines I like it.
555	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I'm a bit disappointed in Sophie Turner. I don't know whether it was her, or the direction she was given, or what. Dianna Rigg and Natalie Dormer I thought both did incredible jobs in that scene, but Sophie seemed wooden and seemed like she was reciting lines. I'm mainly talking about the line where she is begging them not to cancel the wedding. That should be absolute terror and panic.I feel like Sophie Turner is this way in all her scenes, quite frankly.   I think just juxtaposed with Dormer and Rigg she really looked as wooden as she normally is.
556	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	My friend and I said the said thing at the same time! "What is up with her acting?"  She's usually pretty good, but that was disappointing.I think she was great until halfway through when she starts to lie. But then the he's a monster line was well delivered. It was a bit up and down.
557	Aegnor	2013-04-07	I agree that the initial talk should be wooden (when she's talking about how great Joffrey is). And the talk about her father was good. It was after that where I felt it fell short. At that point she should have realized that since they know Joffrey is a monster that they'll cancel the wedding and now she'll have to marry him. Time to freak out.
					
					
							Edited by Aegnor, 07 April 2013 - 10:09 PM.
558	otherbeef	2013-04-07	I feel like Sophie Turner is this way in all her scenes, quite frankly.   I think just juxtaposed with Dormer and Rigg she really looked as wooden as she normally is.that is just the character of Sansa in King's Landing. wooden, reserved, sure to choose her words wisely, trying to bury her emotions.
559	Ghost714	2013-04-07	Agree with this, I thought Sophie was perfect in that scene.Me to, they nailed the fact that she is a bad liar, and everything else was great like always with Sophie. I think since last season she has done an amazing job, and she really pulled that scene off.
560	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	I can't believe I forgot to mention how awful the Night's Watch scene was. Where is the sense of dread and horror that was present in Sam's chapters? Honestly, his scene was no more tense or scary than Arya and Jaime wandering around the Riverlands.
I'm so disappointed.
561	Husband to Bears	2013-04-07	I agree. For goodness sake, she prayed for Jon to die and then freaked out because it looked like he might and instead prayed for him to live. It wasn't about Jon, it was about her not wanting to be seen (by her gods) as an evil person. She made a bargain for his life and then failed to keep it. Just setting up her tremendous inner conflict over the loss of her children. It's no so overt in the books, but it's there.Otherwise, I thought it was a decent episode. Slow in spots, but some great character intros. Theon scenes are going to be very painful.And those who pegged the Jaime comment about Renly &amp; the IT as the best of the hour were right on. Lmao.There a difference between an alive an self aware Cat and the undead Cat. Even though Cat knew she was a bitch to Jon, she couldn't help her self.  She's not one of the stories sociopaths until after her swim.
562	Howdyphillip	2013-04-07	Not true. She feels guilt when she thinks about him while climbing the Eyrie, and in general she feels awful about that entire period after Bran's fall.There is one sentence when she meets Mya Stone and she is reminded of Ned's bastard because Stone is a bastard name. It is not about what she said to Jon Snow, it is about their relationship in general. It also starts out that she felt angry as well as guilty. I don't think that completely exonerates her for her actions.
563	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	that is just the character of Sansa in King's Landing. wooden, reserved, sure to choose her words wisely, trying to bury her emotions.I try to see it this way, that maybe it is not Sophie's acting but just how she has to act, always hiding her emotions but even when she gets the chance to show emotion -- she doesn't do it well.  As this scene showed.
564	winterstood	2013-04-07	"I'm unarmed,""That was poor planning."ASHA WOOOHThat WAS a good line.
565	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I can't believe I forgot to mention how awful the Night's Watch scene was. Where is the sense of dread and horror that was present in Sam's chapters? Honestly, his scene was no more tense or scary than Arya and Jaime wandering around the Riverlands.I'm so disappointed.How would you change the scene to make it more horrific? Sam can barely talk or walk and the scene sets up the upcoming mutiny at the ever graceful Craster's.
566	Ghost714	2013-04-07	I can't believe I forgot to mention how awful the Night's Watch scene was. Where is the sense of dread and horror that was present in Sam's chapters? Honestly, his scene was no more tense or scary than Arya and Jaime wandering around the Riverlands.I'm so disappointed.I could not agree more, even if the Wights aren't still harrying them, just the battle alone should have scared the piss out of them, with everything they saw. But no its just a lovely stroll back to the Wall. No sense of impending doom, or present danger at all. It's like this has happened to them a score of times, so they just shrugged it off. Sam seems a bit terrified, but not as much as he should.Makes zero sense.
567	Zman1863	2013-04-07	How would you change the scene to make it more horrific? Sam can barely talk or walk and the scene sets up the upcoming mutiny at the ever graceful Craster's.I think part of the problem is that they film all those wilderness scenes as day time scenes. Despair is more easily conveyed at night.
568	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	How would you change the scene to make it more horrific? Sam can barely talk or walk and the scene sets up the upcoming mutiny at the ever graceful Craster's. I don't know??? Make it actually feel as if they're being hunted by the White Walkers?GRRM did a perfect job of creating that sort of tone in the book. In contrast, the writing staff are doing an awful job with Sam's scenes. Surely the solution is obvious? Follow the book.
569	Ampris	2013-04-07	Bolton won't.... but Locke might.For sure, Chett was never in the show Rast is just his name replacement. Dolorous Edd getting some more lines I like it.Was Edd played by the same actor? He looked super different but I couldn't tell if it was age, the aftereffects of the battle, or just a different actor.
570	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Thoros singing Rains??? What?Tom O' Sevens (who's not in the show) sings "Castamere" in Storm of Swords.  Of course, he sings it while it's raining, along with about 10 other rain-relating songs in the books, so the choice makes a bit more sense than it did in the show.Maybe he just really likes the song and doesn't care that it's about his enemies.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 10:24 PM.
571	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I don't know??? Make it actually feel as if they're being hunted by the White Walkers?GRRM did a perfect job of creating that sort of tone in the book. In contrast, the writing staff are doing an awful job with Sam's scenes. Surely the solution is obvious? Follow the book.The issue here being that internal monologue is not possible and pages of specific ambient description is not going to be done justice on camera. I suppose they could have other characters looking petrified and shaken up but that wouldn't really be true to the books either.And you didn't really offer a solution. When I have a problem with something it's usually because I know how it could be done better given the exact same circumstances.
572	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I don't know??? Make it actually feel as if they're being hunted by the White Walkers?GRRM did a perfect job of creating that sort of tone in the book. In contrast, the writing staff are doing an awful job with Sam's scenes. Surely the solution is obvious? Follow the book.Read the book if you want the book.
573	Burford11	2013-04-07	Maybe they're trying to soften Cat up to 1) Make her death sadder and 2) Show a massive change when she becomes UnCat
574	SerMixalot	2013-04-07	I wasn't sure what to make of Joffrey's comments about homosexuality.  Either it is a deviation from the books, because I agree with you that homosexuality is something that is snickered at in the books but it never seems like an abomination or anything of the sorts.  There is also the explanation that it is just Joffrey being Joffrey.  Clearly everyone knew about Renly and Loras and we never see anyone, besides Joffrey, make a comment about being a degenerate.  It's always a joke like Jaimes "Iron Throne of cocks" or Littlefinger's "when will you have your friend?"  So for my own personal canon, I think I'll just interpret it as Joffrey being himself.i think the point was to compare his opinion on  Renly with his own sexual degeneracy
575	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Tom O' Sevens (who's not in the show) sings "Castamere" in Storm of Swords.  Of course, he sings it while it's raining, along with about 10 other rain-relating songs in the books, so the choice makes a bit more sense than it did in the show.Maybe he just really likes the song and doesn't care that it's about his enemies. It's a great song and Thoros admittedly can't keep his mouth closed for long. If Tom can sing it for the entire brotherhood there is absolutely no issue with Thoros singing it...It's just a song.
576	tito5601	2013-04-07	overall good episode, in my opinion they are all good i think this is the first time tho that i rlly enjoyed sansa scenes the scenes i didnt enjoy too much was the one with sam and the one with joffrey yelling at the tailor i thought they were useless
577	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	Read the book if you want the book. I do. But I watch the show because I enjoy television. Sadly some aspects of the show (such as the Sam scenes) are seriously lacking in quality.I honestly don't know why posters get so defensive about the show. It's a good show, but it's not great. If they followed the books closer in certain places it could be FAR better.The issue here being that internal monologue is not possible and pages of specific ambient description is not going to be done justice on camera. I suppose they could have other characters looking petrified and shaken up but that wouldn't really be true to the books either.And you didn't really offer a solution. When I have a problem with something it's usually because I know how it could be done better given the exact same circumstances.I'm pretty sure I offered two solutions: follow the book, and show that they're still being hunted by the Others.The scene was laughable. They just got attacked by an army of zombies and they look no different to the characters travelling through the Riverlands.
578	SerMixalot	2013-04-07	bypassing the bloody mummers or saving them somehow? surely Bolton won't take Jaime's handand why would he if he si workking for hte lannisters!
579	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	She wasn't anything to Jon his entire life. She didn't have anything to do with him.She was kind of an asshole to him though, especially after Bran fell.
580	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	Maybe they're trying to soften Cat up to 1) Make her death sadder and 2) Show a massive change when she becomes UnCatBut any normal person found her death sad in the book anyway? All they've done is strip away the qualities that made Cat such a great character. Now I'll be happy at the Red Wedding because at least she won't have to suffer any more character assassination.
581	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	But any normal person found her death sad in the book anyway? All they've done is strip away the qualities that made Cat such a great character. Now I'll be happy at the Red Wedding because at least she won't have to suffer any more character assassination.Yeah, and Bran would have been better off dead than having to suffer life as a cripple.Great minds think alike...
582	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I do. But I watch the show because I enjoy television. Sadly some aspects of the show (such as the Sam scenes) are seriously lacking in quality.I honestly don't know why posters get so defensive about the show. It's a good show, but it's not great. If they followed the books closer in certain places it could be FAR better.I'm pretty sure I offered two solutions: follow the book, and show that they're still being hunted by the Others.The scene was laughable. They just got attacked by an army of zombies and they look no different to the characters travelling through the Riverlands.Follow the book is not a solution. Follow what exactly? I agree that a line like "Get the fuck up Sam, if we falter they will catch us and we'll all be dead" would have served. I do think there should be more distinction about the difference between this march and any other.
583	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-07	Oh, where oh, where is the murdering Arya Stark?  She seems so helpless.  It grids all my gearsI wish I could like this.  While the changes to Cat's character have been far more obvious, the subtle changes to Arya's mentality/attitude have bothered me more.Oh the whole, I enjoyed this episode.  I really like how they handled the introduction of the Reeds, though I wish they kept the oath.  It's almost like they're trying to wash out the entire "ice and fire" theme from the show.
584	SerMixalot	2013-04-07	I agree, outstanding Episode, definitely building toward many things this season.Lord Karstark, "This war was over the moment you married her."Karstark complaining about the defection of The Frey men, also it seems Robb has lost the cause of some in the Riverlands.Interesting how they actually didnt mention the Freys in that context.  Seems like they are trying to get the viewers to forget about lord frey
585	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	It's a great song and Thoros admittedly can't keep his mouth closed for long. If Tom can sing it for the entire brotherhood there is absolutely no issue with Thoros singing it...It's just a song.This is true, but there's also a practical plot-serving reason why he's singing it, of course.  D&D instructed Ramin to compose a melody for Rains of Castamere that's very catchy, so that when it's played at a certain key moment, we will all recognize the song.  So they're really hammering that melody over and over again.  Tyrion whistles the tune several times early in Season 2, Bronn sings it, The National sings it, and the motif appears several times in the actual score.
586	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	Yeah, and Bran would have been better off dead than having to suffer life as a cripple.Great minds think alike... Yawn.When Cat's killed on the show, I don't have to put up with watching ridiculous scenes where her character is completely destroyed.I never said anything about Bran's disability and I'm not sure why it's relevant? Being "crippled" did not leave his characterisation destroyed.
587	ckal	2013-04-07	Pretty near a shit episode.
The only good scenes were mainly with Thoros and the scenes with the QOT and Theon.
The Jaime vs Brienne duel was fucking terribly executed. Terrible. Made Jaime look like an absolute chump.
And I can't help myself but to groan whenever Shae is on screen. Shae and her storyline is literally unbearable. Like Shae has any power to do anything but talks a huge game. Give me a break DnD. I will never be more excited for a character to die than when Shae bites the dust.
.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 07 April 2013 - 10:42 PM.
588	Katydid	2013-04-07	And I can't help myself but to groan whenever Shae is on screen. Shae and her storyline is literally unbearable.That woman playing Shae - where did they find her?  She's awful, painful to watch.  I felt awful for Dinklage.  As brilliant as he is in the role of Tyrion, there was no saving that scene.  Jealous!Shae is just about the worst version of her we've seen yet.
589	ckal	2013-04-07	Read the book if you want the book. Maybe DnD should re read the book if they want better television.
590	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	Regarding The Rains of Castamere, David and Dan mentioned in the commentaries that they wanted to create a song which was very easily recognizable for the Red Wedding.  I wouldn't put it past them to use this as an opportunity to bring the song back to the attention of the audience so they will recognize it later.
591	Frumpus	2013-04-07	I liked this episode. I found it interesting that they combined Tom o' Sevens and Thoros, and they resolved the problem of Arya not being recognized without Harwin by having the Hound appear early.
Only thing I didn't like is that it appears they are actually going to use that ridiculous storyline of Ramsay pretending to be on Theon's side and pretending to free him, only to bring him back to torture him later. Are GoT's writers that lazy that they have to take ridiculous speculation from this forum to use for story? Next thing we know, they'll actually use the silly Talisa replacing Jeyne Poole idea.
592	ckal	2013-04-07	That woman playing Shae - where did they find her?  She's awful, painful to watch.  I felt awful for Dinklage.  As brilliant as he is in the role of Tyrion, there was no saving that scene.  Jealous!Shae is just about the worst version of her we've seen yet.This angle that they are taking her in as well....just makes no sense. She's a whore with no power or ability to do anything except to service Tyrion. Yet they are making her out to be something far above what she is or logically could even be.
593	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Pretty near a shit episode.The only good scenes were mainly with Thoros and the scenes with the QOT and Theon.The Jaime vs Brienne duel was fucking terribly executed. Terrible. Made Jaime look like an absolute chump.And I can't help myself but to groan whenever Shae is on screen. Shae and her storyline is literally unbearable. Like Shae has any power to do anything but talks a huge game. Give me a break DnD. I will never be more excited for a character to die than when Shae bites the dust..Yes the malnourished, dehydrated, physically exhausted Jaime fighting a great warrior while fettered and actually holding his own was so chump like...
594	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	Read the book if you want the book. Then why bother adapting a book if at the end you're going to do whatever the hell you like?I'm ok. with big changes when it's needed, because tv/movies are a different format than books or comics, and some situations or characters can't be adapted as they were originally presented in their original format (like Selmy's hidden identity) or writers also want to tease book readers with some changes. But to change the motivations of a character and how such characters acts, then that's plain dumb.
595	ckal	2013-04-07	I liked this episode. I found it interesting that they combined Tom o' Sevens and Thoros, and they resolved the problem of Arya not being recognized without Harwin by having the Hound appear early.Only thing I didn't like is that it appears they are actually going to use that ridiculous storyline of Ramsay pretending to be on Theon's side and pretending to free him, only to bring him back to torture him later. Are GoT's writers that lazy that they have to take ridiculous speculation from this forum to use for story? Next thing we know, they'll actually use the silly Talisa replacing Jeyne Poole idea.The reason they are doing this is to give the character and actor screen time. Otherwise Theon wouldn't even show up for another couple seasons. His storyline is being pushed forward (or at least being shown) when it wasn't shown in ASOS.
596	Ser Farbod	2013-04-07	Mance is still awful.  I dont care if the actor is talented.  The character is drab and forgettable.  Mance lept off the page in the books.
597	Ross2013	2013-04-07	Oh, where oh, where is the murdering Arya Stark?  She seems so helpless.  It grids all my gearsI thought her scenes were good.she seems helpless because she is helpless.  the "murdering" Arya from the first three books is mostly in her thoughts.  what exactly could she do this episode?
598	go joff go	2013-04-07	I wish I could like this.  While the changes to Cat's character have been far more obvious, the subtle changes to Arya's mentality/attitude have bothered me more.Oh the whole, I enjoyed this episode.  I really like how they handled the introduction of the Reeds, though I wish they kept the oath.  It's almost like they're trying to wash out the entire "ice and fire" theme from the show.I think the arya inn scene was the writers way of telling the fans, you see how stupid it would be to make arya this kick ass fighter at this point in the story and they are right.  I  think they are justified in telling fans to chill.
599	ckal	2013-04-07	Yes the malnourished, dehydrated, physically exhausted Jaime fighting a great warrior while fettered and actually holding his own was so chump like...Oh really? Because nobody would know that if they haven't read the books. None of this was emphasized whatsoever in this episode. I agree, the books did a nice job conveying this... and we know this.... but the show...not at all. Oh, and I would not call that 'holding his own.' He got chumped, badly.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 07 April 2013 - 10:49 PM.
600	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	I liked this episode. I found it interesting that they combined Tom o' Sevens and Thoros, and they resolved the problem of Arya not being recognized without Harwin by having the Hound appear early.Only thing I didn't like is that it appears they are actually going to use that ridiculous storyline of Ramsay pretending to be on Theon's side and pretending to free him, only to bring him back to torture him later. Are GoT's writers that lazy that they have to take ridiculous speculation from this forum to use for story? Next thing we know, they'll actually use the silly Talisa replacing Jeyne Poole idea.Well, in the books Ramsay did pretend to be on Theon's side, and also pretended to be someone he wasn't, only to have a shock reveal later and wind up torturing him.  They want to introduce the character similarly, they just have to do it later under different circumstances for casting reasons. To have done the Reek reveal last season, they would have had to spend tons of time on exposition about the off-screen exploits of Ramsay and Reek to make it click.  It wouldn't have worked that well, and given away the Boltons as sickos too early.
601	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	That woman playing Shae - where did they find her?  She's awful, painful to watch.  I felt awful for Dinklage.  As brilliant as he is in the role of Tyrion, there was no saving that scene.  Jealous!Shae is just about the worst version of her we've seen yet.She did porn before she became an actress, no joke.
602	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	Then why bother adapting a book if at the end you're going to do whatever the hell you like?I'm ok. with big changes when it's needed, because tv/movies are a different format than books or comics, and some situations or characters can't be adapted as they were originally presented in their original format (like Selmy's hidden identity) or writers also want to tease book readers with some changes. But to change the motivations of a character and how such characters acts, then that's plain dumb. Yes, exactly. I've defended a number of the show's deviations (although I'm not sure why I bother - D&D have absolutely no respect for the fans of this series). But most of them are awful.The biggest problems with the show could be solved by sticking more closely to the source material.
603	ckal	2013-04-07	Mance is still awful.  I dont care if the actor is talented.  The character is drab and forgettable.  Mance lept off the page in the books.'You know how I united the people? I told them we would all die.' Ok....you also defeated all challengers to become the king beyond the wall....but certain things seem to be ignored....
604	Minsc	2013-04-07	Yawn.When Cat's killed on the show, I don't have to put up with watching ridiculous scenes where her character is completely destroyed.I never said anything about Bran's disability and I'm not sure why it's relevant? Being "crippled" did not leave his characterisation destroyed.Bonus, we won't have to see Robb's character destroyed anymore either.  I just re-watched the clip where he and Catelyn argue about his marriage and I ended it wishing she put him over her knee because he was being such a childish brat.
605	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-07	I think the arya inn scene was the writers way of telling the fans, you see how stupid it would be to make arya this kick ass fighter at this point in the story and they are right.  I  think they are justified in telling fans to chill.I think that's a fair point.  I think I can forgive them if they can find a way to recreate the scene with the Hound at the Inn even though they've already killed the Tickler.
606	Ross2013	2013-04-07	I liked this episode. I found it interesting that they combined Tom o' Sevens and Thoros, and they resolved the problem of Arya not being recognized without Harwin by having the Hound appear early.Only thing I didn't like is that it appears they are actually going to use that ridiculous storyline of Ramsay pretending to be on Theon's side and pretending to free him, only to bring him back to torture him later. Are GoT's writers that lazy that they have to take ridiculous speculation from this forum to use for story? Next thing we know, they'll actually use the silly Talisa replacing Jeyne Poole idea.I think its pretty smart they are using reeks' memories from ADWD to give the actor playing Theon something to do this season.
607	ckal	2013-04-07	She did porn before she became an actress, no joke.Just looked her up on wiki. Seems it is true:"Shortly after the release of Head-On, it became known she had previously acted in pornographic films using the stage name "Dilara".[6][7][8] This report, as published by the German tabloid newspaper Bild-Zeitung, led to a public scandal, and Kekilli's parents broke off all contact with her.["
608	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Oh really? Because nobody would know that if they haven't read the books. None of this was emphasized whatsoever in this episode. I agree, the books did a nice job conveying this... and we know this.... but the show...not at all. Oh, and I would not call that 'holding his own.' He got chumped, badly.If you need to be told that someone being held captive in a dungeon for an extended period of time would make you physically weak and exhausted then the fault lies with you, not the writers. He's also chained and is able to fight for a good period of time before having essentially one hand and no stamina catches up to him.This reminds me of the kind of ridiculousness you see in those Tower of Joy threads where people are honestly shocked that 7 warriors killed 3 elite warriors.
609	Howdyphillip	2013-04-07	That woman playing Shae - where did they find her?  She's awful, painful to watch.  I felt awful for Dinklage.  As brilliant as he is in the role of Tyrion, there was no saving that scene.  Jealous!Shae is just about the worst version of her we've seen yet.That woman is Sibel Kikkeli and she is one of the finest young actresses in the world. She is from Germany and has won two Lolas which are the most prestigious award given for German film making.If you are having problems with her, it is not because of her acting. She is doing an outstanding job. She has been written completely different from the books, so that is probably your issue. She is immensely talented.
610	Frumpus	2013-04-07	The reason they are doing this is to give the character and actor screen time. Otherwise Theon wouldn't even show up for another couple seasons. His storyline is being pushed forward (or at least being shown) when it wasn't shown in ASOS.Yes but you know its bad when fans can predict exactly what will happen a year before it happens. Come on.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 07 April 2013 - 10:59 PM.
611	ckal	2013-04-07	If you need to be told that someone being held captive in a dungeon for an extended period of time would make you physically weak and exhausted then the fault lies with you, not the writers. He's also chained and is able to fight for a good period of time before having essentially one hand and no stamina catches up to him.I don't need to be told that because I have read the books. For the people who have not, the show puts zero emphasis at all on any of this.That woman is Sibel Kikkeli and she is one of the finest young actresses in the world. She is from Germany and has won two Lolas which are the most prestigious award given for German film making.If you are having problems with her, it is not because of her acting. She is doing an outstanding job. She has been written completely different from the books, so that is probably your issue. She is immensely talented.Regardless of what it is, the character remains painfully unbearable. And if it is entirely on the shoulders of the show runners....well there it is again. No surprise they have done something that is ridiculous.
612	Eponine	2013-04-07	My main complaint with this episode is something that I think will be more and more unavoidable as the series stretches out, and I don't "blame" D&D for doing it this way because I don't see any clear alternative, but it felt very choppy and without any continuity. And because of that, there wasn't much narrative tension. For example, I think it would have made a much bigger impact, and been much more relevant to the story, to show Robb and Cat putting aside their problems to mourn for Bran and Rickon. In fact, that could have been a centralizing theme - how so many of the characters now have misinformation or total lack of information about each other, and have to go on alone. If Cat should be shown regretting anything now, it should be (as I believe it was in the book) that she left Bran and Rickon in Winterfell and wasn't able to be with them when they were in trouble.
Nope, sorry, I do have a problem with Kikkeli's acting no matter what awards she might have won in the past. Her sudden attack of jealousy was completely unconvincing. And some of that is the writing - that she's been portrayed as this mature and experienced world traveler and suddenly she's throwing the kind of tantrum a middle school girl might upon hearing that her 12 year old boyfriend said another girl was pretty. But she didn't sell it at all.
On the plus side, the Queen of Thorns is spectacular - especially the line that her son is doing the same thing as his absentminded father, only on the back of a lion.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 07 April 2013 - 11:04 PM.
613	ckal	2013-04-07	Yes but you know its bad when fans can predict exactly what will happen a year before it happens. Come on.I'm probably at least as frustrated with the show as you are at this point. After season 1 (which I found to be fantastic), it seems they have really lost their way.
614	Ross2013	2013-04-07	Yes but you know its bad when fans can predict exactly what will happen a year before it happens. Come on.how hard is it to predict what happens when you've read the book.  there were two choices.  lose the actor or use him this way.thats like saying its bad when fans can predict who will die at the RW.
615	wolverine	2013-04-07	If you need to be told that someone being held captive in a dungeon for an extended period of time would make you physically weak and exhausted then the fault lies with you, not the writers. He's also chained and is able to fight for a good period of time before having essentially one hand and no stamina catches up to him.This reminds me of the kind of ridiculousness you see in those Tower of Joy threads where people are honestly shocked that 7 warriors killed 3 elite warriors.This is kind of what I thought.  Do they also need to tell the show watchers that it is more difficult to fight in manacles against a superiorly armored foe as well?I actually quite liked this episode, better than the first one.  I don't really get the outcry about Catelyn, but I have never liked her anyway.  The show has been much kinder to her than the books so far.
616	Israel	2013-04-07	Half the country is starving and look at this one. Maybe he's the reason half the country is starving.Hot Pie! hot Pie!It took long enough but i loved The reveal of the Jojen and Meera.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Summer meeting Jojen, hmmm.  This connection with Bloodraven?def, "oh its you ,ok"
617	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	She did porn before she became an actress, no joke.Er... so?The show has been much kinder to her than the books so far.I feel the exact opposite.
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>adaoin, 07 April 2013 - 11:06 PM.
618	ckal	2013-04-07	My main complaint with this episode is something that I think will be more and more unavoidable as the series stretches out, and I don't "blame" D&D for doing it this way because I don't see any clear alternative, but it felt very choppy and without any continuity. And because of that, there wasn't much narrative tension. For example, I think it would have made a much bigger impact, and been much more relevant to the story, to show Robb and Cat putting aside their problems to mourn for Bran and Rickon. In fact, that could have been a centralizing theme - how so many of the characters now have misinformation or total lack of information about each other, and have to go on alone. If Cat should be shown regretting anything now, it should be (as I believe it was in the book) that she left Bran and Rickon in Winterfell and wasn't able to be with them when they were in trouble.Nope, sorry, I do have a problem with Kikkeli's acting no matter what awards she might have won in the past. Her sudden attack of jealousy was completely unconvincing. And some of that is the writing - that she's been portrayed as this mature and experienced world traveler and suddenly she's throwing the kind of tantrum a middle school girl might upon hearing that her 12 year old boyfriend said another girl was pretty. But she didn't sell it at all.Whereas Cat and Robb heard about Bran and Rickon 'dying' in ACOK (season 2) in a heart throbbing fashion, DnD elect to wrongly hold this off til season 3 after Cat releases Jaime, and Cat/Rob STILL haven't 'heard' that Bran and Rickon are 'dead.' Just that they haven't 'had word' of them. Like wtf? So many missed opportunities for heart wrenching drama.
619	wolverine	2013-04-07	My main complaint with this episode is something that I think will be more and more unavoidable as the series stretches out, and I don't "blame" D&D for doing it this way because I don't see any clear alternative, but it felt very choppy and without any continuity. And because of that, there wasn't much narrative tension. For example, I think it would have made a much bigger impact, and been much more relevant to the story, to show Robb and Cat putting aside their problems to mourn for Bran and Rickon. In fact, that could have been a centralizing theme - how so many of the characters now have misinformation or total lack of information about each other, and have to go on alone. If Cat should be shown regretting anything now, it should be (as I believe it was in the book) that she left Bran and Rickon in Winterfell and wasn't able to be with them when they were in trouble.Nope, sorry, I do have a problem with Kikkeli's acting no matter what awards she might have won in the past. Her sudden attack of jealousy was completely unconvincing. And some of that is the writing - that she's been portrayed as this mature and experienced world traveler and suddenly she's throwing the kind of tantrum a middle school girl might upon hearing that her 12 year old boyfriend said another girl was pretty. But she didn't sell it at all.On the plus side, the Queen of Thorns is spectacular - especially the line that her son is doing the same thing as his absentminded father, only on the back of a lion.I am not sure her attack of jealousy was supposed to be convincing.  I think she was just playing with him.  She is giving him a BJ 12 seconds later so...I would agree with the lack of drama, but having read the books I don't know how much drama there ever really is for me on the show.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 07 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
620	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	I think the book character Shae just wouldn't fly on TV this day and age.She's kind of just a ditzy whore who has affection for Tyrion but mostly just loves the jewels he buys her.  It would be hard to swallow that someone as intelligent as the character Peter Dinklage plays would fall head-over-heels in love with a girl like thatD&D (and the actress, who is not bad, in my opinion) have tried to make her something more than that, making her feistier and more independent.  They haven't always succeeded in making Shae a believable and well-rounded character, but I certainly don't fault them for trying.I am not sure her attack of jealousy was supposed to be convincing.  I think she was just playing with him.  She is giving him a BJ 12 seconds later so...I agree; she's just teasing him and giving him grief for checking out other women. She's not seriously mad.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 11:08 PM.
621	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	Yes but you know its bad when fans can predict exactly what will happen a year before it happens. Come on.Theon going through a fake escape is exactly what happens in the book. At least that's what we learn from Theon's thoughts in DWD, but the only difference is he already knew who Ramsay was at that point.
622	ckal	2013-04-07	This is kind of what I thought.  Do they also need to tell the show watchers that it is more difficult to fight in manacles against a superiorly armored foe as well?I actually quite liked this episode, better than the first one.  I don't really get the outcry about Catelyn, but I have never liked her anyway.  The show has been much kinder to her than the books so far.Talk to people who have not read the books and see what they think. I've talked to some who think Jaime just got his ass kicked. Whereas in the book he actually put up a good fight. And the fight was really lame to be honest.
623	wolverine	2013-04-07	I am not saying the fight was good, but it should be pretty damn obvious he is in manacles and they are a big handicap.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 07 April 2013 - 11:10 PM.
624	ckal	2013-04-07	I think the book character Shae just wouldn't fly on TV this day and age.She's kind of just a ditzy whore who has affection for Tyrion but mostly just loves the jewels he buys her.  It would be hard to swallow that someone as intelligent as the character Peter Dinklage plays would fall head-over-heels in love with a girl like thatD&D (and the actress, who is not bad, in my opinion) have tried to make her something more than that, making her feistier and more independent.  They haven't always succeeded in making Shae a believable and well-rounded character, but I certainly don't fault them for trying.I agree; she's just teasing him and giving him grief for checking out other women. She's not seriously mad.Shae is just some whore that Tyion has taken a special liking to! I just don't get it!!! I'm all for 'strong' women, but when it actually makes sense!
625	StannisWins	2013-04-07	If you haven't read the books, but don't get that Jamie was manacled and exhausted from being kept prisoner for months which put him at a disadvantage, then you are kind of an idiot. It was completely obvious that Brienne had the upper-hand which Jamie realized after she slammed him into the wall.
626	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	This is kind of what I thought.  Do they also need to tell the show watchers that it is more difficult to fight in manacles against a superiorly armored foe as well?I actually quite liked this episode, better than the first one.  I don't really get the outcry about Catelyn, but I have never liked her anyway.  The show has been much kinder to her than the books so far.Apparently people want subtitles explaining everything rather than inferring details from simply paying attention or thinking about things.Or maybe they want Jaime to go completely out of character and start whining about disadvantages out loud whilst in the middle of swordfighting.
627	Kasrith	2013-04-07	def, "oh its you ,ok"It's much more easier than that. Summer is now a part of Bran and vice versa, and there is a part of the dreamsighted dream that gave a familiar feeling to Jojen through Bran and their encounter. No Bloodraven needed to justify that scene
628	wolverine	2013-04-07	Apparently people want subtitles explaining everything rather than inferring details from simply paying attention or thinking about things.Or maybe they want Jaime to go completely out of character and start whining about disadvantages out loud whilst in the middle of swordfighting.I know and in the next breath I will hear someone complain about the show not being subtle enough or treating the audience like idiots.
629	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Shae is just some whore that Tyion has taken a special liking to! I just don't get it!!! I'm all for 'strong' women, but when it actually makes sense!I think it makes sense to *try* to give their lead character a more interesting love interest than a ditzy whore.  It makes for more compelling television.Again, as I said in my previous quote, they're not always successful in making Shae a believable character.
630	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Apparently people want subtitles explaining everything rather than inferring details from simply paying attention or thinking about things.Or maybe they want Jaime to go completely out of character and start whining about disadvantages out loud whilst in the middle of swordfighting.Lmao, I can imagine Jaime screaming out profanities as he gets pounded.If I'm not mistaken, Jaime was getting his ass handed to him towards the end of the fight in the books also. Didn't he start thinking to himself why he was sucking so bad?
631	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	Talk to people who have not read the books and see what they think. I've talked to some who think Jaime just got his ass kicked. Whereas in the book he actually put up a good fight. And the fight was really lame to be honest.Those are people who need to be spoon fed every little detail about a show.If you haven't read the books, but don't get that Jamie was manacled and exhausted from being kept prisoner for months which put him at a disadvantage, then you are kind of an idiot. It was completely obvious that Brienne had the upper-hand which Jamie realized after she slammed him into the wall.My thoughts exactly. If Jaime said "Aww, I've been in chains for months, no wonder you're getting the better of me..." That's just silly because its so blatantly obvious that he isn't in the best of shape. And it wasn't even a real fight since Brienne wasn't going for kill shots.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 07 April 2013 - 11:15 PM.
632	ckal	2013-04-07	I am not saying the fight was good, but it should be pretty damn obvious he is in manacles and they would make it much more difficult to fight.At least we agree the fight was far below par. In ASOS it was gritty and intense. Here it was like some crappy stage play. And I understand that it should be obvious, but let's be honest, it really only is to us because we have read the books. Jaime is in fetters and is fighting an armored opponent while unarmoed, but he appears to be in near perfect condition and no mention is made of being starved, malnourished, weak,  or imprisoned in a cell of his own shit for an extended period of time. Plus, the armor doesn't even come into play in the duel. Brienne just kicks his ass seemingly without any problems, especially at the end when she basically just shunned him aside when Locke was riding up.
633	7V3N	2013-04-07	Great episode. I was afraid after the first episode of this season, but this one went very well. I, like all, really hated that scene where Cat talked about caring for Jon. Just not at all like her character. Also, Thoros did not seem at all like Thoros. TV!Thoros seems like he could be Bronn's brother. Also, the less Shae the better (but that was also my opinion in the books). Those are really my only complaints (though I never like scenes with Talisa).
I thought the North was done very well, and it is nice to see some Theon (though some tough scenes). I expect that the guy helping him escape is either Ramsey or a replacement for the girl that helps him in the book. Jaime Lannister is played out perfectly as always. The scene with Joff and Marg was great. It showed just how they're on such different levels of intelligence and how she could play to his liking so easily. Queen of Thorns was amazing. I love how she went on for like two minutes talking without being interrupted.
I can't wait to see Dany get her Unsullied!
634	7V3N	2013-04-07	At least we agree the fight was far below par. In ASOS it was gritty and intense. Here it was like some crappy stage play. And I understand that it should be obvious, but let's be honest, it really only is to us because we have read the books. Jaime is in fetters and is fighting an armored opponent while unarmoed, but he appears to be in near perfect condition and no mention is made of being starved, malnourished, weak,  or imprisoned in a cell of his own shit for an extended period of time. Plus, the armor doesn't even come into play in the duel. Brienne just kicks his ass seemingly without any problems, especially at the end when she basically just shunned him aside when Locke was riding up.I thought it was pretty clear that Jaime just got exhausted. And I don't think it's too much to expect readers to figure it's because he's been a prisoner of war.
635	ckal	2013-04-07	I think it makes sense to *try* to give their lead character a more interesting love interest than a ditzy whore.  It makes for more compelling television.Again, as I said in my previous quote, they're not always successful in making Shae a believable character.I don't think it makes sense to put any extra emphasis on that character at all. She is not meant to be super interesting. Instead of wasting time on this character, I could make a list of other characters being robbed of precious screen time and character development.
636	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Great episode. I was afraid after the first episode of this season, but this one went very well. I, like all, really hated that scene where Cat talked about caring for Jon. Just not at all like her character. Also, Thoros did not seem at all like Thoros. TV!Thoros seems like he could be Bronn's brother. Also, the less Shae the better (but that was also my opinion in the books). Those are really my only complaints (though I never like scenes with Talisa).I thought the North was done very well, and it is nice to see some Theon (though some tough scenes). I expect that the guy helping him escape is either Ramsey or a replacement for the girl that helps him in the book. Jaime Lannister is played out perfectly as always. The scene with Joff and Marg was great. It showed just how they're on such different levels of intelligence and how she could play to his liking so easily. Queen of Thorns was amazing. I love how she went on for like two minutes talking without being interrupted.I can't wait to see Dany get her Unsullied!It's Ramsay, look up Iwan Rheon.
637	StannisWins	2013-04-07	I don't think it makes sense to put any extra emphasis on that character at all. She is not meant to be super interesting. Instead of wasting time on this character, I could make a list of other characters being robbed of precious screen time and character development.Remember though, she has a very big part to play down the road. So those super important scenes will likely have more impact with a more developed Shae.
638	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	First off, 7V3N, I love your avatar. Oscar Bluth FTW! And long live Arrested Westeros!
Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMO
639	DragonAge93	2013-04-07	I really really loved this episode. A lot of epic moments, and the cinematography looks beautiful, especially the introduction of the BwB. And Anguy's pretty beast. Love when they make minor characters memorable. And SANDOR CLEGANE!! Is it next Sunday already?
Oh, and I don't see the problem with the Cat/Jon story. She felt bad for him when he was sick, but after that, went back to typical Cat of hating Jon Snow. Cat has to be made more sympathetic, really. Who would care if she was killed at the RW if she was still the spiteful woman she was in the book?
640	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-04-07	That was just awful.then dont watch and stick to imagining the characters in your head. Give them credit for making a series.. ungrateful
641	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	First off, 7V3N, I love your avatar. Oscar Bluth FTW! And long live Arrested Westeros!Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMOOh I'm quite sure this was just a little teaser. Ramsey hasn't begun his work, the game has just started. But I think Alfie did a good job so far. He has a good terror-scream.
642	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	First off, 7V3N, I love your avatar. Oscar Bluth FTW! And long live Arrested Westeros!Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMOThat first bit with the fingernails was pretty damned stomach-churning, I thought.
643	Eponine	2013-04-07	I am not sure her attack of jealousy was supposed to be convincing.  I think she was just playing with him.  She is giving him a BJ 12 seconds later so...I think the book character Shae just wouldn't fly on TV this day and age.She's kind of just a ditzy whore who has affection for Tyrion but mostly just loves the jewels he buys her.  It would be hard to swallow that someone as intelligent as the character Peter Dinklage plays would fall head-over-heels in love with a girl like thatCan't believe someone intelligent would fall for the kind of woman who thinks acting petty is acting playful.I disagree that book character Shae wouldn't fly - if she were made to be someone who clearly made him think with his dick. The actress is an attractive enough woman (can't say I'd trade appearances with her though), but she doesn't really radiate sexuality. And IRL, there ARE women who radiate sexuality so that normally intelligent men lose their clear-headedness (and vice versa with men who make normally intelligent women act crazy). *Especially* men who are insecure about their bodies and want the illusion that a beautiful woman can't keep her hands off him. And look at how many powerful people make really stupid decisions regarding where they get sex. I think that it would work if Shae were the kind of woman where men lusted after her and women wished to look like her. The attempt to make it seems like she's someone Tyrion would actually be interested in as a person, I think takes away from the pure fantasy aspect for him - especially since the show hasn't made it seem that he's actually fallen in love with her.
644	Chuck88	2013-04-07	First off, 7V3N, I love your avatar. Oscar Bluth FTW! And long live Arrested Westeros!Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMOI actually cringed the whole scene. Maybe I'm just more squeemish  /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />I think they will really kick up the creepy factor when Ramsay is revealed for who he really is. Flaying and shit yo
645	Israel	2013-04-07	Follow the book is not a solution. Follow what exactly? I agree that a line like "Get the fuck up Sam, if we falter they will catch us and we'll all be dead" would have served. I do think there should be more distinction about the difference between this march and any other.what do you want them to do ? All they can do in the snow is walk in single file, as quietly as possible, to their destination period.  Do you want to see them running ?, yelling? freaking out? Will that help them get to the wall?
646	Newstar	2013-04-07	I don't think it makes sense to put any extra emphasis on that character at all. She is not meant to be super interesting. Instead of wasting time on this character, I could make a list of other characters being robbed of precious screen time and character development.Remember though, she has a very big part to play down the road. So those super important scenes will likely have more impact with a more developed Shae.Yes, the Shae/Sansa and Tyrion/Shae scenes do accomplish a fair bit: foreshadowing for Sansa and Tyrion's marriage, indicating that Sansa is refusing to confide even in Shae about the escape plan (leaving Littlefinger and Sansa as the only ones in the know about the escape plan right now), establishing Sansa as naive about men and about Littlefinger's intentions in particular, Shae warning Sansa about men only wanting one thing from a pretty girl paired with Tyrion describing Sansa as a "great beauty," Shae warning Tyrion about Littlefinger's interest in Sansa and Tyrion ignoring it (leaving Littlefinger as his blind spot), confirming Shae and Tyrion's solid relationship while also pointing to potential cracks (Shae's protectiveness of the "child" Sansa as well as Shae's jealousy about other women), etc. etc.Seems kind of odd that Tyrion implied that Sansa will just waltz into a non-Lannister match with one of her "many suitors," as if she'll have the freedom to choose.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 07 April 2013 - 11:28 PM.
647	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Can't believe someone intelligent would fall for the kind of woman who thinks acting petty is acting playful.I disagree that book character Shae wouldn't fly - if she were made to be someone who clearly made him think with his dick. The actress is an attractive enough woman (can't say I'd trade appearances with her though), but she doesn't really radiate sexuality. And IRL, there ARE women who radiate sexuality so that normally intelligent men lose their clear-headedness (and vice versa with men who make normally intelligent women act crazy). *Especially* men who are insecure about their bodies and want the illusion that a beautiful woman can't keep her hands off him. And look at how many powerful people make really stupid decisions regarding where they get sex. I think that it would work if Shae were the kind of woman where men lusted after her and women wished to look like her. The attempt to make it seems like she's someone Tyrion would actually be interested in as a person, I think takes away from the pure fantasy aspect for him - especially since the show hasn't made it seem that he's actually fallen in love with her.Some nice points you made.I tend to think, though, that it would be tough to pull off the kind of temptress you describe in a way that does justice to Tyrion as a character.
648	Minsc	2013-04-07	Cat has to be made more sympathetic, really. Who would care if she was killed at the RW if she was still the spiteful woman she was in the book?*raises hand*Quite a number of people I am guessing, as I assuming that not everyone expects a woman to love the living symbol of her husband's infidelity and don't see that as being overly spiteful.
649	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	Oh, and I don't see the problem with the Cat/Jon story. She felt bad for him when he was sick, but after that, went back to typical Cat of hating Jon Snow. Cat has to be made more sympathetic, really. Who would care if she was killed at the RW if she was still the spiteful woman she was in the book?LOL.
650	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	what do you want them to do ? All they can do in the snow is walk in single file, as quietly as possible, to their destination period.  Do you want to see them running ?, yelling? freaking out? Will that help them get to the wall?Well that's my point. I actually don't have much of a problem with it. One line of dialogue would have helped but if you read my other responses I'm on your side /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I see where the other poster is coming from in that it doesn't appear as though they're being hunted. Which I why I think if Mormont just told Sam or his new babysitter that if they stall they're going to get caught.
651	wolverine	2013-04-07	At least we agree the fight was far below par. In ASOS it was gritty and intense. Here it was like some crappy stage play. And I understand that it should be obvious, but let's be honest, it really only is to us because we have read the books. Jaime is in fetters and is fighting an armored opponent while unarmoed, but he appears to be in near perfect condition and no mention is made of being starved, malnourished, weak,  or imprisoned in a cell of his own shit for an extended period of time. Plus, the armor doesn't even come into play in the duel. Brienne just kicks his ass seemingly without any problems, especially at the end when she basically just shunned him aside when Locke was riding up.They can still point this out in the future if they want.  Something where someone, maybe even Brienne, is mocking him with the fact that she appeared to be rolfstomping him and he can respond with the fact that he had been starved and imprisoned for how long.
652	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	At least we agree the fight was far below par. In ASOS it was gritty and intense. Here it was like some crappy stage play. And I understand that it should be obvious, but let's be honest, it really only is to us because we have read the books. Jaime is in fetters and is fighting an armored opponent while unarmoed, but he appears to be in near perfect condition and no mention is made of being starved, malnourished, weak,  or imprisoned in a cell of his own shit for an extended period of time. Plus, the armor doesn't even come into play in the duel. Brienne just kicks his ass seemingly without any problems, especially at the end when she basically just shunned him aside when Locke was riding up.I wish the duel had ended in the river like it did in the book.  Brienne should have been exhausted by the end of the fight, not knocking Jaime's sword away with ease.  Brienne is supposed to win the fight but you're supposed to be reminded why Jaime is one of the best swordsmen in the Seven Kingdoms.  It's going to be the LAST time he'll have a chance to fight like that.
653	ckal	2013-04-07	Remember though, she has a very big part to play down the road. So those super important scenes will likely have more impact with a more developed Shae.I understand where you are going with this, but in reality I don't think she is 'more developed'. I'm sure many would agree with me, but I think she is just being turned into a far less likable character, and any time and effort spent on attempting to make her something more than she is, is robbing other far more deserving characters of more important character development.
654	wolverine	2013-04-07	*raises hand*Quite a number of people I am guessing, as I assuming that not everyone expects a woman to love the living symbol of her husband's infidelity and don't see that as being overly spiteful.People keep confusing "not loving" and "praying for him to die" as being the same thing.
655	winterstood	2013-04-07	My main complaint with this episode is something that I think will be more and more unavoidable as the series stretches out, and I don't "blame" D&D for doing it this way because I don't see any clear alternative, but it felt very choppy and without any continuity. And because of that, there wasn't much narrative tension. For example...Yep - that's it. and it's not D&D's fault - it's HBO's. D&D are doing what they can - but 1000 DENSE, complex, complicated, detailed pages into 10 episodes? and on a limited budget??I've said it before..I'll say it again--yes, we applaud HBO for putting the money up to do this in the first place - but if you're going to do it at all - why do it 75% of the way when you can do it 100% and you (easily) have the money to do it. Why not 13 episodes - at a bigger budget. More narrative tension. Robert's Rebellion. The Battle of The FIst of The First Men. All the things that had to be skipped or rushed over. Letting things flow in a non-rushed or disjointed fashion. I love the episodes of GOT but I just know how they could have been even better. Why not give D&D the latitutde to go an extra 20-25 minutes on an episode if the content warrants it? Let each scene BREATHE. So we don't feel like we're rushing through them and each subsequent scene can have more impact!But still - having said all that - I applaud what the great actors of the series have been able to do with what they have been given. I would love to see MORE. If only the execs at HBO would've given them the time & money with which to do more.
656	go joff go	2013-04-07	One thing that I am really enjoying this season is how much double meaning so many llines have.  A lot of lines that mean one thing to show fans and something totally different to book fans.
Also did anyone think that the line in the last scene b/t Brienne and Jaimie was an insisde joke the one about the bridge or the water.  I think that might have been the writers way of saying that they had a choice of whether they would use the bridge or the water for the fight scene but that they couldn't use both and that D&D love making the writers having to decide.
657	ckal	2013-04-07	Oh, and I don't see the problem with the Cat/Jon story. She felt bad for him when he was sick, but after that, went back to typical Cat of hating Jon Snow. Cat has to be made more sympathetic, really. Who would care if she was killed at the RW if she was still the spiteful woman she was in the book?Because in the book, we can actually sympathize and genuinely feel bad about the woman that feels (or in her mind knows) she has lost all - her father, her husband, her sons and her daughters. She felt there was nothing else to live for and was the epitome of sheer despair and depression and her heart has been ripped from her chest. Obviously, we don't get this in the series, although DnD easily could have done so. Maybe dropping scene with Ros and SHAE. Lmao.They can still point this out in the future if they want.  Something where someone, maybe even Brienne, is mocking him with the fact that she appeared to be rolfstomping him and he can respond with the fact that he had been starved and imprisoned for how long.I believe Ran said that a small bit of emphasis is put on this in the coming episodes. Regardless, with the sheer amount of ease that Brienne dispatched Jaime, the scene is quite despicable in comparison to the sequence in ASOS.I wish the duel had ended in the river like it did in the book.  Brienne should have been exhausted by the end of the fight, not knocking Jaime's sword away with ease.  Brienne is supposed to win the fight but you're supposed to be reminded why Jaime is one of the best swordsmen in the Seven Kingdoms.  It's going to be the LAST time he'll have a chance to fight like that.EXACTLY..
658	go joff go	2013-04-07	*raises hand*Quite a number of people I am guessing, as I assuming that not everyone expects a woman to love the living symbol of her husband's infidelity and don't see that as being overly spiteful.I don't know maybe with bookreaders but if you read the TWOP thread even with sympathtic CAT she seems to be the least liked character
659	Eponine	2013-04-07	*raises hand*Quite a number of people I am guessing, as I assuming that not everyone expects a woman to love the living symbol of her husband's infidelity and don't see that as being overly spiteful.She was spiteful but it was in the past, and it would have been better to focus on her role as mother to her other children - particularly as a mother who her four youngest children wanted to be home with, with both Sansa and Arya still hoping to find a way home. Even if she hasn't been especially sympathetic in some subplots, there's a lot of be gained in sympathy for how happy she'd be to know that her children were alive, and now they'll never get to see her again. ETA: If the thing with Jon were really going to be a problem, a 5 second throwaway line about how she couldn't bear to think of Ned's infidelity but hoped he found honor in the Night's Watch would have sufficed.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 07 April 2013 - 11:39 PM.
660	go joff go	2013-04-07	I understand where you are going with this, but in reality I don't think she is 'more developed'. I'm sure many would agree with me, but I think she is just being turned into a far less likable character, and any time and effort spent on attempting to make her something more than she is, is robbing other far more deserving characters of more important character development.Less likable character then Who? Surely not book shae.
661	Israel	2013-04-07	It's much more easier than that. Summer is now a part of Bran and vice versa, and there is a part of the dreamsighted dream that gave a familiar feeling to Jojen through Bran and their encounter. No Bloodraven needed to justify that sceneI agree not needed but is he there?  I like to think Bloodraven is everywhere , he brought that wolf and that stag together in aGOT. I like to pin all pecular animal activity in ASOIAF on BR with the exception of the Stark kids. I believe if the kids arent sleep-warging then BR might be present.  .  just saying.
662	ckal	2013-04-07	Less likable character then Who? Surely not book shae.Haha. I mean if the show runners would just leave her alone and allow her to be the minor character she is. By trying to 'enhance' this character, they are in fact making her more unbearable with every scene. Unless this is what they are going for......then what a waste of time that would be.
663	Minsc	2013-04-07	People keep confusing "not loving" and "praying for him to die" as being the same thing.You mean the thing they added in this scene thus if it didn't exist there wouldn't be the need for her to look sympathetic over it?
664	Rockroi	2013-04-07	The end of Season 2 had Dany opening the Vault and saying that it was "empty."Watching Season 3, Episode 2, I thought more along the lines of "Vacant;" like a hotel with a great location and great rates at the height of tourist season, you would expect people to be in there, but instead?  The rooms are ... vacant.That's how I felt about this episode: I expected to find something; uncover something; experience something.  But it was vacant; there was no there there.What I liked:The Wolf-less Girl in a Bed of Thorns: Watching Sansa try to maneuver with Maergery and Oelnna both breathing down her neck was exceotional writing and Sansa showed the constriction she is under; that keepinga  foot in both worlds is suffocating her- the actress herself was amazing- the way she intimated that she could hardly breathe, her worlds jumbled as the truth came tumbling- unwanted -out for hear.  That was masterful.  Sansa's struggle is about as good as I have seen it- a complex story of how to survive a death sentence.Rhymes with Technique: Keeping Theon present so we can witness his absolute and tital desintigration is great.  I know that watching torture is horrible, but it was placed perfectly here.  We see the depravity of the Boltons and how to break a man down... flap of skin by flap of skin.  I thought the decision to include Theon in season 3 (when he is MIA in books 3 and 4) was great. ; it shows a good insight into continuity of story and keeping around the things that work well (Alfie is amazing)....To Win It: While I thought the scene went on far far far far far too long, I really enjoyed how it ended.  Since she first smoldered on stage, Margery Tyrell has been a gigantic win for the series.  And what she did well in Season 2 she improves upon in Season 3: how to play men who want to play with you.  Margery Tyrell completely outmaneuvered and disarmed Joff (whose whole plan was to do just that to her).  And in her deft motions she turned Joff away, parried his clumsy shows and then emerged as the won holding the weapon.  She told him what she needed to disarm him and now, she's the one in control.  In. It. To. Win. It.The Lion and the Maid: Gotta love it when a plan comes together.  JAime and Brienne are a great tandum.  Two good actors, a great outline from the books, some great dialog and writing and you have 3 knock-out scenes.  And it didn't hurt that swords were involved. Let Loose the Hound of War: I like it when a story does not get bogged down in needless details or minutia.  Getting the Hound to Arya that fast was great; and you lose the utterly incomprehensible part of the books where SOMEHOW a Northern man (Honor, Duty... blah blah blah)  somehow justifies to Arya why he cannot take her to Robb... his liege Lord... You get Arya and Sandor in a room together and the story takes care of itself.  Good work.What I am Not Sold On:Bran's Dream, Story-line and the utter unlikeability of the Reeds: Tied in the middle of this unwieldy episode and its utter lack of momentum, was the "Okay-We-Have-To-Put-Bran-On-Screen-So-Lets-Throw-Everything-About-His-Story-Into-The-Pot-Right-Now-Because-Its-Obvious-He's-Not-Little-Anymore" So, we get thrown at us Jojen Reed (more on him later) and Meera Reed as these pompous, arrogant little shits who basically have the run of the North.  Is there ANY sense that they are talking to their liege lord?  I mean, I am grateful that it only took the series 2.2 seasons to mention Howland Reed (it took them 7 episodes to mentions Stannis so...), but to introduce the Reeds as basically a trumped up version of every duo we have ever seen ("Jojen's the brains of the outfit, see?  And I'm the brawn" - said every character from every bad 1930s gangster movie ever) reeks of cliche and rudimentary thinking.  Did they even bother to try to make it interesting?Honorbale Mention: Is it physically possible for the woman playing Osha to keep her head straight and not look like she's carrying a 400 pound gorilla on her back at all times?  If it turns out she has scoliosis or something, my apologies, but it<U+0080><U+0099>s just annoying.Why Can't We Just Not Like Her? In my mind, Cat Stark doesn't like Jon Snow  And for obvious reasons that include loyalty, fear of a split in her house, the potential death to her own children, the affection of her husband and the cruelty of a war.  I have no qualms about that; I accept it and think it helps make her a complete and full character.  So why does she have to be nice about it?  Why did the writers have to come up with this terrible, hollow... vacant ... story about how Cat Stark nurtured this son she never really loved back to life?  How she stayed up with him and prayed to the gods and blamed herself and yadda yadda yadda ... why do we change story-lines to make audiences like people more?  I know some people are saying that "Oh no; the story actually makes you like her less!"  That's not what I got; what I got was that when push comes to shove, Cat will be there for Jon Snow; that her hatred can be mended.  And that<U+0080><U+0099>s not what I EVER got from her in the books.  And that ... well... before the "season is out" so to speak, we have to keep Cat likable... /shakes head...I Can't Possibly Go On In This Sunny, Temperate Day Where Its Clearly Not That Cold Out At All: I didn't buy for a second that Sam was that tired or it was that cold.  Or hard. Or deadly.  If you are going to try to "Copy/Paste" a scene from the books into the story, for fuck's sake, make it seem like you didn't just tack it on at the end.  Watching Sam Tarly "Fall to His Knees And Not Go On" is really, REALLY hard to swallow when its on a bright, sunny day, its clearly warm out (hardly any mist coming off the breath of the actors), the snow is melted down to the grass (hint: we got more snow in Massachusetts in February than the wildings got this year... apparently), and everyone looks fine.  Seriously- that scene lacked depth, setting, atmosphere, realism and soul.  In other words... vacant... I don't believe anyone was THAT tired on THAT trek; never bought it for a second that it was THAT cold out.  Again, if you just want to play "Copy/Paste" from book to show, that's fine, just make it seem like you gave a shit.Honorable Mention: Though, Edd's part and Mormont's part were both really great; I thought they saved an otherwise unwatchable scene.What Was Just Bad:I Think it was Sartre Who Said "Hell Is Watching Shae":  I know I am a broken record at this point, but alas... the women playing Shae cannot act; I buy nothing she is saying and I know that makes me shallow and foolish; but that would be bad enough.  Why is she FUCKING TALKING?!?!  What is she saying?  She feels the need to belittle Tyrion?  Tell us she has a good heart?  All the while telling us a whole bunch of poop we already know!  Like nails on a blackboard, only instead of nails, it was dying puppies.  I mean, fine- let<U+0080><U+0099>s say I am wrong about her acting ability (and I will say that maybe I just don't get her) fine!  But tell me what she did in that scene that we could not have inferred already through prior acts actions and dialog?  That whole scene did not need to be here (except that we need Peter Dinklidge or everyone will stop watching the show).  Still... vacant...But, hey- at least she talked about Roz so that way we could be saved from that... Somehow You Made Me Hate Jojen Reed More: I didn't think it was possible.  In the books, Jojen suffers from "Always-Right-itis"; basically it<U+0080><U+0099>s a character that is always right but nobody in the book can get their brain around this utterly obvious fact so he gets to be all superior and all. And because nobody like that exists on the planet Earth, it always reminds me that <U+0080><U+009C>This IS The Part of The Book That IS Unrealistic and Reminds Me I am Reading a Fantasy Trope.<U+0080><U+009D>  And that was terrible and Jojen remains one of the characters I do not enjoy reading.  Thankfully, though, GoT did the books one better.  At least book-Jojen could glide by on not being pompous and arrogant about it.  At least he never seemed to be thrilled with being able to hold knowledge over others' heads.  But show Jojen is just an insufferable shit.  That petulant smile, that know-it-all demeanor.  Well done, HBO; you made my least liked character somehow less likable.And you may have ruined Meera as well, but there may be time to salvage that wreck.Overall, this may have been the worst episode of the series; an empty, hollow episode with few things to make it stand out; wasted time, wasted opportunities and a whole bunch of "Why Am I Watching This?"  Now, I could be wrong; I think that sometimes the show sets itself up on the slow side for a big reveal.Then again...
665	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Just watching it again and a random observation: Bran got really big comparing to the previous season, didn't he (the actor of course)?. I mean it's strange to see a Bran that big. I guess Hodor will have a hard time to carry him around.
					
					
							Edited by cybobbie, 07 April 2013 - 11:44 PM.
666	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-07	I understand where you are going with this, but in reality I don't think she is 'more developed'. I'm sure many would agree with me, but I think she is just being turned into a far less likable character, and any time and effort spent on attempting to make her something more than she is, is robbing other far more deserving characters of more important character development.Wait what? I got the impression that the show wants us to like Shae. That shes got a heart of gold underneath it all. Frankly, i hate show!Shae just as much as i hate book!Shae which is a lot. I hate Shae. I do agree that shes kind of up in our business stealing the screentime of characters who matter though.like to think Bloodraven is everywhereBloodraven is supposed to be the Three Eyed Crow but Jojen confuses me when he says its actually Bran. Maybe it is but its also Bloodraven. In a way.
667	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Just watching it again and a random observation: Bran got really big comparing to the previous season, didn't he (the actor of course)?. I mean it's strange to see a Bran that big. I guess Hodor will have a hard time to carry him around.thats wut the wheelbarrow is 4, k?
668	Eponine	2013-04-07	Less likable character then Who? Surely not book shae.I like her less than book Shae. Ultimately, book Shae was exactly what Tyrion should have known she was - a paid whore who tried to do and say whatever she thought would please Tyrion. When she betrayed him, she was a powerless, ignorant girl threatened by one of the most powerful men in the country - and we know from Tywin Lannister's character that he wasn't going to let her think for a moment that refusing him was an option. A betrayal by show Shae seems like it will have to be much more deliberate and malicious, since she isn't being portrayed as helpless or naive.
669	Q the Cat	2013-04-07	love that Winterfell is smoking in the opening now.I noticed that too.  Very clever on the credits.did Summer change colors?He's definitely lighter.  Maybe it's the northern sun.  ;-)Thoros singing Rains??? What?Yeah that was Iwan. Looks like he will be getting an excellent intro. BTW does anyone else think Thoros was just trolling singing Rains?Rated this episode the same as last, BTW -- a seven. It's still slow, and the best thing in it is Paul Kaye as Thoros of Myr... and there's only so much a tertiary character can really do, you know? But boy, everything brightens up when he's on. Last thing I would have expected.Thoros of Myr was great.  I loved him singing Rains of Castamere!  yes, I think he was trolling for Lanisters.  :-)Also a future conversation between her and Robb about legitimizing Jon.That makes sense to me, too.  I'm glad they are taking the time now to set that up.  We book-readers know they won't be able to in future seasons.
670	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-07	I don't get the outrage over the Cat/Jon thing. Like we all realize she was a huge bitch to him his whole life, right?Her little commentary wasn't the writers pinning all the stark misfortune on her actions, it was the miserable ramblings of a woman who has essentially lost all of her children and husband, and now is reflecting about everything she could've done differently and projecting her "failures" unfairly on the whole situation.That's exactly how I saw it.  And ultimately, she basically admitted being unable to get over her hate for him.  Not sure why that seems to piss off so many folks.
671	pleonasm	2013-04-07	I am pretty much convinced Vanessa Taylor is the worst writer currently on staff for Game of Thrones. Is this her 2nd or 3rd episode? Regardless, while she appears to better at pacing and constructing a scene than Benioff and Weiss, she is pretty clueless about how to adapt the source material. And some of her lines are absolute clunkers - Did Robb actually ask of Bolton a version of give me the good news or bad news line? Seriously? Ugh...Benioff and Weiss also need to be called out here as well, because I really think they are missing some golden dramatic moments from the novel to mine - ie Catelyn's thinking her two youngest sons are dead. Why not let that play out in some way. Its heartwrenching great stuff. Yes - the novel is complicated as is the show, but people would be able to figure it out. Give us some credit.And Shae - Its the actress, its the writing, it's everything and none of it makes any sense. Why does she care about Sansa? What does she suddenly have a jealous streak? Why is it impossible to read anything from the actresses's expressions (or lack thereof)?  What the fuck is this character's motivations? 14 episodes in and I'm still freaking clueless...Sigh...On the bright side, the casting remains top notch.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 07 April 2013 - 11:54 PM.
672	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	I am pretty much convinced Vanessa Taylor is the worst writer currently on staff for Game of Thrones. Is this her 2nd or 3rd episode? Regardless, while she appears to better at pacing and constructing a scene than Benioff and Weiss, she is pretty clueless about how to adapt the source material. And some of her lines are absolute clunkers - Did Robb actually ask of Bolton a version of give me the good news or bad news line? Seriously? Ugh...Benioff and Weiss also need to be called out here as well, because I really think they are missing some golden dramatic moments from the novel to mine - ie Catelyn's thinking her two youngest sons are dead. Why not let that play out in some way. Its heartwrenching great stuff.Sigh...On the bright side, the casting remains top notch.I definitely disagree with you there.  I had a few issues with episode 2, but love the way Taylor faithfully adapted the Queen of Thorns scene and the new scene she added with Joff and Margery.  Taylor also did a very nice job with episodes 4 and 6 of Season 2 (the Roderick death scene!!).  She's one of the better writers on the show IMO; I think Cogman is the best, though.
673	ckal	2013-04-07	Wait what? I got the impression that the show wants us to like Shae. That shes got a heart of gold underneath it all. Frankly, i hate show!Shae just as much as i hate book!Shae which is a lot. I hate Shae. I do agree that shes kind of up in our business stealing the screentime of characters who matter though.Right, they want us to like Shae. But the more they try, the more we dislike Shae. And I completely agree; I hate the character of Shae, a lot. First of all because she is a terrible and utterly unbelievable character within the established world and role she is in, but also that she is stealing screen time from other far more worthy and actual interesting characters.I like her less than book Shae. Ultimately, book Shae was exactly what Tyrion should have known she was - a paid whore who tried to do and say whatever she thought would please Tyrion. When she betrayed him, she was a powerless, ignorant girl threatened by one of the most powerful men in the country - and we know from Tywin Lannister's character that he wasn't going to let her think for a moment that refusing him was an option. A betrayal by show Shae seems like it will have to be much more deliberate and malicious, since she isn't being portrayed as helpless or naive.Agreed.
674	StannisWins	2013-04-07	And you may have ruined Meera as well, but there may be time to salvage that wreck.lol she was on screen for what, 30 seconds? Jeez.
675	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	Oh, and one last nitpick: IT'S THE THREE EYED CROW, NOT A RAVEN. YOU HAD ONE JOB, HBO.
676	Darth Pipes	2013-04-07	About Robb and Catelyn not knowing if Bran and Rickon had died...unfortuneately the writers dropped the ball on this in Season 2.  That should have been the motivation for Robb and Cat to have taken the actions they did but the writers decided to make both of the characters stupid.  So it doesn't matter here whether or not Robb and Cat know if Bran and Rickon are dead or alive.  The cat is out of the bag and they can't use that trick again.
677	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-07	Oh, and one last nitpick: IT'S THE THREE EYED CROW, NOT A RAVEN. YOU HAD ONE JOB, HBO.THIS. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
678	ckal	2013-04-08	Benioff and Weiss also need to be called out here as well, because I really think they are missing some golden dramatic moments from the novel to mine - ie Catelyn's thinking her two youngest sons are dead. Why not let that play out in some way. Its heartwrenching great stuff. Yes - the novel is complicated as is the show, but people would be able to figure it out. Give us some credit.COMPLETELY AGREE!!!! I have no idea what the writers were smoking, but if I was in charge of the show, this is a piece of the story I would have been absolutely sure was NAILED in the adaptation! It is such a pivotal moment for her character and the story, and they have completely botched it beyond belief.
679	wolverine	2013-04-08	Oh, and one last nitpick: IT'S THE THREE EYED CROW, NOT A RAVEN. YOU HAD ONE JOB, HBO.Technically a raven is a crow (pushes nerd glasses back up on bridge of nose) HOY-MAN.
680	walkaboutbrotha	2013-04-08	Yes, you're right.  I should have seen that.  Works for me...though I do want the show to set-up where Reek comes from.Am I the only one who realizes that Reek was never in the book? Reek was always Ramsey. He explains that to Theon after he makes him take on Reek's name and persona. Is this amateur hour? Just kidding but seriously how has no one mentioned this?
681	ckal	2013-04-08	About Robb and Catelyn not knowing if Bran and Rickon had died...unfortuneately the writers dropped the ball on this in Season 2.  That should have been the motivation for Robb and Cat to have taken the actions they did but the writers decided to make both of the characters stupid.  So it doesn't matter here whether or not Robb and Cat know if Bran and Rickon are dead or alive.  The cat is out of the bag and they can't use that trick again.Yes. I still don't know how this was botched so bad in season 2. How this passed by all of the producers and writers and directors etc is just embarrassing. This is a huge moment for several storylines/characters. I really don't think DnD/writing staff quite understand the books or how to adapt the important moments.
682	wolverine	2013-04-08	Am I the only one who realizes that Reek was never in the book? Reek was always Ramsey. He explains that to Theon after he makes him take on Reek's name and persona. Is this amateur hour? Just kidding but seriously how has no one mentioned this?I actually thought I was starting to misremember this.  I didn't have enough confidence in my memory to say it.
683	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Am I the only one who realizes that Reek was never in the book? Reek was always Ramsey. He explains that to Theon after he makes him take on Reek's name and persona. Is this amateur hour? Just kidding but seriously how has no one mentioned this?You're incorrect, or only correct in one sense.  The *original* Reek does not appear in the books, though he is mentioned  several times.Reek is not one person; it's more of a title, that gets passed from one person to the next, like the Dread Pirate Roberts in the Princess Bride.  First the smelly manservant of the Bastard of Bolton is Reek; then Ramsay becomes Reek when it's the only way to save his life; later in book 5, Theon has become Reek.  Maybe someone else will be Reek after him.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 12:05 AM.
684	Stevewpg	2013-04-08	I believe this was the first episode that made GRRM think WTF? he may have thrown his remote.
685	Nezzer	2013-04-08	Was I the only one who loved the Jaime/Brienne fight? It's much more technical and skill-based than all the others in the show. Instead of the classical hit and miss of most movies and shows, this one is all about momentum and stamina. I could almost spot a stamina bar over Jaime's head draining after each block or attack.
686	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	I definitely disagree with you there.  I had a few issues with episode 2, but love the way Taylor faithfully adapted the Queen of Thorns scene and the new scene she added with Joff and Margery.  Taylor also did a very nice job with episodes 4 and 6 of Season 2 (the Roderick death scene!!).  She's one of the better writers on the show IMO; I think Cogman is the best, though.Hmmm, I thought episodes 4 and 6 were two of the weakest in season 2. She did a great job with the Rodrik death scene and the birthing of the shadow baby, but the rest of those episodes were really uneven. Episode 4 has that absolutely awful scene of Dany at the gates of Qarth and Xaro invoking the rite of Sumak or whatever the fuck that was, and episode six had some pretty lame Harrenhal action with Arya running around and also Dany's horribly written speech to the Spice King. At least they had the sense to cut the Doreah strangling Irri scene from episode six; I just watched that deleted scene on youtube and had it been kept it would have been by far the worst scene in all of Game of Thrones.
687	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	Yes. I still don't know how this was botched so bad in season 2. How this passed by all of the producers and writers and directors etc is just embarrassing. This is a huge moment for several storylines/characters. I really don't think DnD/writing staff quite understand the books or how to adapt the important moments.The thing is, they could have done the same ending to 'A Man Without Honor'(the episode where Theon kills the kids), except tweak a couple of things. Catelyn frees Jaime, and either Jaime or Brienne ask her why she's doing it. Cat remains silent and walks away, clutching a letter from a raven.Cut to Theon revealing the bodies, as the viewer realizes why she did what she did. And boom. You still have the same ending. All you need to do is add a few more lines. And you don't make Cat look stupid.
688	ckal	2013-04-08	Am I the only one who realizes that Reek was never in the book? Reek was always Ramsey. He explains that to Theon after he makes him take on Reek's name and persona. Is this amateur hour? Just kidding but seriously how has no one mentioned this?Technically the original Reek (before Ramsay took on the name) was in ACOK. He was the one who Rodrik and his men killed believing him to be Ramsay. He never 'appeared' in the book though.
689	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I believe this was the first episode that made GRRM think WTF? he may have thrown his remote.Don't project. GRRM loves the show, but has always said it's D&D's baby not his.He also loves book purists because they flatter him by becoming angry about everything that is omitted from the show.  I think George is doing just fine.
690	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	Yikes.  I'm so happy I can enjoy the books and the show separately.  I thought with the level of action and pacing and the introduction of characters, the jackals on the boards would stop bitching for one episode.  Guess I was wrong.  Personally I never complain about slow pacing in HBO shows as it always pays off later.  Gotta remember these seasons are one continuous story so setup is necessary. 
Loved the interplay between Marge and Joff.  Sansa confided in the Tyrells that Joffrey was a monster, so Marge used it expertly by hinting she's into sadistic shit too to get the King to like her.  If he was into something else, no doubt she would become that woman for him.  I like where Dungeons and Dragons are taking her.
I like that they went with the Queen of Thorns.  I assumed they had Dormer absorb all of QoT's powers Highlander style, with a sprinkling of Anne Boleyn.   Glad I was wrong.
Cat admitting to being wrong about Jon was a bit irksome, since with the "it should have been you" comment, book Cat is clearly not a fan of his husband's bastard.  This probably makes her more sympathetic for the RW, but I wish they handled it differently.  For the record I thought book Cat was plenty sympathetic in the book and I felt bad for her.  Didn't feel so bad when she came back as Lady Stoneheart and unfairly hung Brienne.
691	ckal	2013-04-08	The thing is, they could have done the same ending to 'A Man Without Honor'(the episode where Theon kills the kids), except tweak a couple of things. Catelyn frees Jaime, and either Jaime or Brienne ask her why she's doing it. Cat remains silent and walks away, clutching a letter from a raven.Cut to Theon revealing the bodies, as the viewer realizes why she did what she did. And boom. You still have the same ending. All you need to do is add a few more lines. And you don't make Cat look stupid.Exactly. There is a thread on these forums over 20 pages long I believe of people who are unhappy this is not the way it turned out. And it literally makes NO SENSE why they didn't do it. There was no reason why it should not have been done this way.
692	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	Was I the only one who loved the Jaime/Brienne fight? It's much more technical and skill-based than all the others in the show. Instead of the classical hit and miss of most movies and shows, this one is all about momentum and stamina. I could almost spot a stamina bar over Jaime's head draining after each block or attack.I actually hated it.  It made Jaimie looked completely inept and almost glossed over the fact that his hands were shackled together.  This is supposed to be one of the best swordsman in Westeros and he was being tossed about like a ragdoll.  If you didnt read the books you would think he were an average swordsman at best.  Even putting that aside I thought it was clumsy.  Brienne was armored and didnt use this to her advantage at all... Bleh.  Hated it.
693	ckal	2013-04-08	Hmmm, I thought episodes 4 and 6 were two of the weakest in season 2. She did a great job with the Rodrik death scene and the birthing of the shadow baby, but the rest of those episodes were really uneven. Episode 4 has that absolutely awful scene of Dany at the gates of Qarth and Xaro invoking the rite of Sumak or whatever the fuck that was, and episode six had some pretty lame Harrenhal action with Arya running around and also Dany's horribly written speech to the Spice King. At least they had the sense to cut the Doreah strangling Irri scene from episode six; I just watched that deleted scene on youtube and had it been kept it would have been by far the worst scene in all of Game of Thrones.That deleted scene...is just.....I try to forget about most of season 2 to be honest.
694	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-08	Yikes.  I'm so happy I can enjoy the books and the show separately.  I thought with the level of action and pacing and the introduction of characters, the jackals on the boards would stop bitching for one episode.  Guess I was wrong.  Personally I never complain about slow pacing in HBO shows as it always pays off later.  Gotta remember these seasons are one continuous story so setup is necessary.Loved the interplay between Marge and Joff.  Sansa confided in the Tyrells that Joffrey was a monster, so Marge used it expertly by hinting she's into sadistic shit too to get the King to like her.  If he was into something else, no doubt she would become that woman for him.  I like where Dungeons and Dragons are taking her.I like that they went with the Queen of Thorns.  I assumed they had Dormer absorb all of QoT's powers Highlander style, with a sprinkling of Anne Boleyn.   Glad I was wrong.Cat admitting to being wrong about Jon was a bit irksome, since with the "it should have been you" comment, book Cat is clearly not a fan of his husband's bastard.  This probably makes her more sympathetic for the RW, but I wish they handled it differently.  For the record I thought book Cat was plenty sympathetic in the book and I felt bad for her.  Didn't feel so bad when she came back as Lady Stoneheart and unfairly hung Brienne.I giggled way too much at that.
695	BlueDragon	2013-04-08	I feel like Sophie Turner is this way in all her scenes, quite frankly.   I think just juxtaposed with Dormer and Rigg she really looked as wooden as she normally is.She is wooden as a character, not as an actress.  Sansa is a repressed and confused teenager under threat for her life.  She is clumsy in all sorts of ways as she should be.
696	Chuck88	2013-04-08	Was I the only one who loved the Jaime/Brienne fight? It's much more technical and skill-based than all the others in the show. Instead of the classical hit and miss of most movies and shows, this one is all about momentum and stamina. I could almost spot a stamina bar over Jaime's head draining after each block or attack.I thought it was great. Very 'waterdanceish'.
697	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	Overall, I wasn't a big fan of this episode and preferred the premiere. It had it's moments, but way, way too jumpy with not really all that much happening in any of the storylines, except maybe Jaime's. Overall, I counted nine storylines this episode, and I really wasn't feeling the pacing; felt like three minutes were spent with a character, then cut to another three minutes, then cut, and so forth. WHy not just have Arya's scenes with the Brotherhood back to back?
Also, while I didn't dislike any of the new scenes this episode, they also didn't really do much for me. I don't really see hte point of that Margaery Joffrey scene, which was probably the longest scene in teh episode. I think the time could have been better utilized on Jon Snow--who really does nothing this episode--or even providing a longer intro for the Brotherhood without Banners.
698	ckal	2013-04-08	I actually hated it.  It made Jaimie looked completely inept and almost glossed over the fact that his hands were shackled together.  This is supposed to be one of the best swordsman in Westeros and he was being tossed about like a ragdoll.  If you didnt read the books you would think he were an average swordsman at best.  Even putting that aside I thought it was clumsy.  Brienne was armored and didnt use this to her advantage at all... Bleh.  Hated it.Thank you. Another sane person coming to my defense. I don't understand how one could see this fight in another light. ESPECIALLY if they have not read the books to know how it actually went down.
699	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	COMPLETELY AGREE!!!! I have no idea what the writers were smoking, but if I was in charge of the show, this is a piece of the story I would have been absolutely sure was NAILED in the adaptation! It is such a pivotal moment for her character and the story, and they have completely botched it beyond belief.Let's be honest here.  There's no way you could handle this show better than the current staff at HBO.  This stuff is more complex to juggle around then you're giving credit.  Unless you reveal yourself to be GRRM himself, and even he'd admit it'd be difficult to adapt his series without forgetting stuff or making mistakes.  Remember he uses Westeros.org as a guide for his own writing, it gets so complicated.
700	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	I definitely disagree with you there.  I had a few issues with episode 2, but love the way Taylor faithfully adapted the Queen of Thorns scene and the new scene she added with Joff and Margery.  Taylor also did a very nice job with episodes 4 and 6 of Season 2 (the Roderick death scene!!).  She's one of the better writers on the show IMO; I think Cogman is the best, though.Its pretty easy to write a scene that follows the book closely.  Its a good writer that can make changes and add scenes that are still faithful to the book.  She doesnt do that at all.  If anything they completely contradict whats in the book...
701	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	That deleted scene...is just.....I try to forget about most of season 2 to be honest.Haha, you're not the only one. Season 2 actually does have some great individual scenes and one great individual episode--Blackwater of course, though episode 3 is mostly good as well--but everything else is very inconsistent. Really good scenes are followed by just outright bad ones, and vice versa. I'm trying to forget most of the stuff I hated in seaosn 2 for this season, which is pretty much all of Qarth and almost all of Jon's storyline.They're definitely doing better so far at least.
702	Stevewpg	2013-04-08	Don't project. GRRM loves the show, but has always said it's D&D's baby not his.He also loves book purists because they flatter him by becoming angry about everything that is omitted from the show.  I think George is doing just fine.no, I'll continue to project and post other things I believe.
703	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Its pretty easy to write a scene that follows the book closely.  Its a good writer that can make changes and add scenes that are still faithful to the book.  She doesnt do that at all.  If anything they completely contradict whats in the book...How did the Joff/Margery scene--the main "added" scene--contracdict what was in the book.  If anything, it enriched it.  And I think it does take a lot of skill to adapt a very faithful dialogue scene--knowing what lines to cut for timing and flow reasons, which words to change to make it more understandable.  Screenwriting is not easy, or we would all be doing it.
704	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	I also loved the scene with Sansa.  I thought her stammering and reluctant spill of emotion was perfectly done.  I didnt like her acting in season 1, but shes come a long way since then...
705	Nuncle Kraken	2013-04-08	NCW is not actually a world class swordsman. He just plays one on TV. I'd imagine the fact he was wearing chains while not actually being a great swordsman would explain the fight. 
I figure they went with 3 eyed raven to keep some distance between the 3ER and crows of the NW. 
Jaime saying "you don't get to choose who you love" was an excellent scene. He has become Jaime Lannister to me. Awesome episode. 
My nephew hasn't read the books. He loves the show. It's his favorite TV show ever. His enjoyment of the show helps me to avoid ridiculous nitpicking. I mean, there are dozens of threads about dozens of characters with dozens of different posters all arguing different viewpoints on each character. It's silly to bitch that the show character doesn't exactly match your idea of who that character is. I just don't understand. 
Oh well, I'm enjoying the shit out of this show. Most of all I'm just grateful it exists. If it didn't, I doubt I'd have ever discovered what's become my favorite books ever.
706	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	How did the Joff/Margery scene--the main "added" scene--contracdict what was in the book.  If anything, it enriched it.  And I think it does take a lot of skill to adapt a very faithful dialogue scene--knowing what lines to cut for timing and flow reasons, which words to change to make it more understandable.  Screenwriting is not easy, or we would all be doing it.That scene was garbage.  Boring and unnecessary.  We already know TV Joff is a deviant from earlier scenes.  This scene didn't add anything new and slowed the pace of the episode even more.Additionally, the scene with Shae and Tyrion was arguably one of the worst and most unnecessary scenes so far.  I almost threw something at my TV.  Why not fill that time with more about the Reeds? Or include more of Arya's storyline that has been cut out?  Its comical some of the choices they are making.
707	ckal	2013-04-08	Haha, you're not the only one. Season 2 actually does have some great individual scenes and one great individual episode--Blackwater of course, though episode 3 is mostly good as well--but everything else is very inconsistent. Really good scenes are followed by just outright bad ones, and vice versa. I'm trying to forget most of the stuff I hated in seaosn 2 for this season, which is pretty much all of Qarth and almost all of Jon's storyline.They're definitely doing better so far at least.Cheers man. And I love Stone brewery so I'm a fan of your username/avatar.Let's be honest here.  There's no way you could handle this show better than the current staff at HBO.  This stuff is more complex to juggle around then you're giving credit.  Unless you reveal yourself to be GRRM himself, and even he'd admit it'd be difficult to adapt his series without forgetting stuff or making mistakes.  Remember he uses Westeros.org as a guide for his own writing, it gets so complicated.I didn't say I could handle the show better (although plenty of times I believe many of us could), but as we have discussed the last couple of pages, the sequence of events was laid out for them in ACOK. Nothing had to be changed whatsoever. It would have simply taken one small change to the Catelyn scene, and everything would have actually made sense. If you have to be some kind of master television writer to pull that off, then I have lost faith in television writers. A child could do that. It is basically simple copy and paste.
708	ckal	2013-04-08	That scene was garbage.  Boring and unnecessary.  We already know TV Joff is a deviant from earlier scenes.  This scene didn't add anything new and slowed the pace of the episode even more.Additionally, the scene with Shae and Tyrion was arguably one of the worst and most unnecessary scenes so far.  I almost threw something at my TV.  Why not fill that time with more about the Reeds? Or include more of Arya's storyline that has been cut out?  Its comical some of the choices they are making.This has been a problem that has (IMO) plagued the show since season 2.
709	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	That scene was garbage.  Boring and unnecessary.  We already know TV Joff is a deviant from earlier scenes.  This scene didn't add anything new and slowed the pace of the episode even more.Additionally, the scene with Shae and Tyrion was arguably one of the worst and most unnecessary scenes so far.  I almost threw something at my TV.  Why not fill that time with more about the Reeds? Or include more of Arya's storyline that has been cut out?  Its comical some of the choices they are making.I tend to agree. I didn't think any of the scenes were garbage, but I think they could be spending the time better. That scene wasn't bad, but wasn't necessary either. I'm not really sure what hte point of it was to be honest. I don't really like that we're getting more Margaery and Joffrey this season so far than Arya. That Tyrion scene also was kinda pointless. Frankly, Shae is annoying, and they just seemed to throw that scene in so we know that Tyrion is still around.
710	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	This is out of the blue, but I just saw this gem of a comment on the AV Club newbies review of tonight's episode:"I can't imagine slimy Littlefinger trying to cozy up to Sansa"....I can't stop laughing /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 08 April 2013 - 12:29 AM.
711	lady m	2013-04-08	I just want to say it was so cool to see Nymeria again!
712	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I just want to say it was so cool to see Nymeria again!uh...wut. that was Summer. Unless I missed something. Did I miss something?
713	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	That scene was garbage.  Boring and unnecessary.  We already know TV Joff is a deviant from earlier scenes.  This scene didn't add anything new and slowed the pace of the episode even more.I might be wrong, but Joffrey is a fan favourite. People love to hate him and he has big scenes coming soon.
714	Yvonne Veronique	2013-04-08	uh...wut. that was Summer. Unless I missed something. Did I miss something?Yeah, did I miss something too? o_o
715	kephv	2013-04-08	I figure they went with 3 eyed raven to keep some distance between the 3ER and crows of the NW.Yeah, I imagine they thought people would be quite confused by that. I mean, they might've thought the cro--sorry, Raven-- was a deserter and wondered why Bran was trying to talk to him instead of calling for his execution like a true Stark.uh...wut. that was Summer. Unless I missed something. Did I miss something?It was Summer. Though I suppose they look the same.
716	Rouge et Bleu	2013-04-08	I really enjoyed the episode and would give it a B+ / A-. I understand why people think that these first two episodes have been poorly paced, but I think that perspective is a result of watching the show week to week. In terms of HBO's programming I've always felt that GoT is closest to The Wire in terms of pacing and story structure. Both series are detrimented when watched with such large gaps between episodes and the pacing / story structure really smooths out into a cohesive whole when watched sequentially (as so many people are watching TV series' these days). I think that at the end of this season that these two episodes will be much more highly regarded when looked at as portions as a whole rather than in a vacuum. Substantively I loved the Jaime / Brienne scenes and Olenna Tyrell. She is the Dowager Countess of Westeros and Diana Rigg simply owned the part. Obviously the most controversial scene of the night was Cat's monologue to Talisa regarding Jon Snow. I added a much longer description of my thoughts in the thread dedicated to this topic, but I think that those claiming the scene was "Character Assassination" are being somewhat bombastic. At the end of the scene it came back to Cat ultimately being unable to love Jon and musing on the absurdly horrible circumstances that have befallen her family. We all think and say bizarre things in moments of extreme emotion, and I think that this scene brought that to life. I always found it hard to believe when I read the books that Cat didn't have more conflicted feelings about Jon There had to have been moments when she questioned whether her internal thoughts about him were justified and I think that this scene merely brought those to the surface. I really enjoyed the fight between Jaime and Brienne despite it being truncated from the version presented in the books. However, this decision made complete sense to me. This show isn't The Matrix or Kill Bill and cannot afford to spend eight to ten minutes presenting an absurdly unrealistic, albeit visiaully stimulating, fight scene. I think that one of the great strengths of ASOIAF is the unflattering depiction of battle and war that Martin presents and this fight was a good representation of that. Swordfights aren't beautiful dances, they are brutal and occasionally plodding. I honestly thought that this was realistic and Jaime's apparent incompetence was a result of his shackling / imprisonment / rust. We also got a Howland Reed shout out, which was awesome.
717	lady m	2013-04-08	uh...wut. that was Summer. Unless I missed something. Did I miss something?22 minute markish, it's her watching in the woods as the Starks and their men pass by.  Reddish nose.  Grey Wind is all grey.
718	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	22 minute markish, it's her watching in the woods as the Starks and their men pass by.  Reddish nose.  Grey Wind is all grey.I think that's supposed to be Grey Wind
719	pleonasm	2013-04-08	The Sansa scene with Margaery and the Queen of Thorns is well done, but other than missing the jester singing the Bear song (to drown out the conversation from any spies from the Lannister camp) and few missing details (the promise of marriage - which I assume will either be dropped or introduced later), its pretty much word for word Martin. Or at least as close as an adaption can come. If anything, given TV Sansa is older and little more jaded/wiser than book Sansa, you could actually make the case, that the Tyrell's should have to at least promise a way out before she would divulge any information - especially given how she didn't spill to Shae about Littlefinger in the previous scene. Stil, no real issues with that.
But there are some terrible scenes populated throughout this episode:
1. The Catelyn guilt over Jon, spilling to Talisa no less was I guess it was an attempt to rebuild our sympathies for Cat, but it fell flat for me. And why is she telling Talisa of all people? I guess they bonded on the open road. Have they even had a conversation at this point in the series?
2. Karstark lamenting Robb's decision to marry Talisa. It's an odd choice for Karstark to voice this concern. Have they even addressed what impact the marriage had at this point? Or the problem of the Frey's letting cross the Twins. I can't recall anyone mentioning the Frey's forces returning to the Twins. Poor tv only viewers must be very confused.
3. Two scenes with the Reeds, but no explanation about why they are there other than the tv staple --- we came for you. Which always drives me nuts, because you never get the normal response -- what the heck does that mean? No, lets just talk about our dads common history and why don't you come along for the long walk.
720	lady m	2013-04-08	I think that's supposed to be Grey WindGrey Wind is both darker, all grey and larger.
721	kephv	2013-04-08	22 minute markish, it's her watching in the woods as the Starks and their men pass by.  Reddish nose.  Grey Wind is all grey.It was Greywind. They probably just had to use a different wolf.
722	Dain Storm	2013-04-08	The Jaime and Brienne fight scene was extremely disappointing. She toyed with him. First he and and Ned go toe to toe in the show then he gets absolutely embarrassed by Brienne. Are DnD deliberately making it look like Jaime's martial skills were very highly overrated? Other than that and the Shae scene, it was a decent episode.
					
					
							Edited by Dain Stark, 08 April 2013 - 12:42 AM.
723	dtones520	2013-04-08	I don't know why so many reviews bashed the Theon scenes. He was such a huge part of last season, to have him disappear for two seasons and come back a completely fucked up mess would be a big let down for people that really enjoyed his storyline last season. Plus, we can't get into Theons head like we can Reeks in the book, so we don't get to understand what happened to him at the Deadfort. The scenes in the show will truly show viewers how horribly he was tortured and will feel that feeling book readers have about Reek. 
As for the scenes themselves, I was cringing the whole time...it was awesome. The fingernail scene. Omg. 
Another scene I loved was the Olenna lunch with Sansa scene. I got a little teared up when Sansa was finally letting out her feelings about Joff.
724	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	22 minute markish, it's her watching in the woods as the Starks and their men pass by.  Reddish nose.  Grey Wind is all grey.You're an imaginative one.  Although I can't be too hard on you; the first time I saw the opening scene of S2 epidode 4, I thought it was Nymeria who jumped out and mauled the Lannister guard who farted.  Wishful thinking I guess.
725	kephv	2013-04-08	The Jaime and Brienne fight scene was extremely disappointing. She toyed with him. First he and and Ned go toe to toe in the show then he gets absolutely embarrassed by Brienne. Are DnD deliberately making it look like Jaime's martial skills were very highly overrated?In the first fight I had the feeling Jaime was toying with Ned. In this one it looked the opposite, though that could be explained by Jaime's weakness and the way they've changed Brienne into a cold blooded veteran killer.
726	lady m	2013-04-08	It was Greywind. They probably just had to use a different wolf.The wolves are cgi, so there's no reason for color to be incorrect.  And it is a good way to,reintroduce Nymeria.  It shows she's there, which she is, that she's still connected to the Starks, which she is, but that she's separate, which she is.
727	lady m	2013-04-08	You're an imaginative one.  Although I can't be too hard on you; the first time I saw the opening scene of S2 epidode 4, I thought it was Nymeria who jumped out and mauled the Lannister guard who farted.  Wishful thinking I guess.That's clearly Grey Wind, he went into battle with Robb.
728	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Unrelated to anything, Leda Headey got more beautiful this season.  Anyone else think so?That's clearly Grey Wind, he went into battle with Robb.Yes, he did.  Which is why it was also clearly Grey Wind in this episode as well.  Are you being goofy?
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 12:45 AM.
729	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	I understand why people think that these first two episodes have been poorly paced, but I think that perspective is a result of watching the show week to week. In terms of HBO's programming I've always felt that GoT is closest to The Wire in terms of pacing and story structure. Both series are detrimented when watched with such large gaps between episodes and the pacing / story structure really smooths out into a cohesive whole when watched sequentially (as so many people are watching TV series' these days). I think that at the end of this season that these two episodes will be much more highly regarded when looked at as portions as a whole rather than in a vacuum.I thought after 16+ seasons of Sopranos, Deadwood, Six Feet Under, etc, that people would be used to the format by now.  We still see many crazy criticisms about "the first few episodes were slow but they speed up later" as if it's new insight.  It's like complaining about how something bad always happens at the end of Act 2 during a 3 act play.  Ummm ...
730	kephv	2013-04-08	The wolves are cgi, so there's no reason for color to be incorrect.  And it is a good way to,reintroduce Nymeria.  It shows she's there, which she is, that she's still connected to the Starks, which she is, but that she's separate, which she is.The wolves aren't cgi (not fully). They're shot against green screen and scaled up and placed in shot. The nose not being dark was a slight oversight or they didn't think it mattered. Still, it wasn't Nymeria. Just doesn't make sense.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 08 April 2013 - 12:48 AM.
731	Ser Bronn's Mullet	2013-04-08	I really enjoyed the episode and would give it a B+ / A-. I understand why people think that these first two episodes have been poorly paced, but I think that perspective is a result of watching the show week to week. In terms of HBO's programming I've always felt that GoT is closest to The Wire in terms of pacing and story structure. Both series are detrimented when watched with such large gaps between episodes and the pacing / story structure really smooths out into a cohesive whole when watched sequentially (as so many people are watching TV series' these days). I think that at the end of this season that these two episodes will be much more highly regarded when looked at as portions as a whole rather than in a vacuum. Substantively I loved the Jaime / Brienne scenes and Olenna Tyrell. She is the Dowager Countess of Westeros and Diana Rigg simply owned the part. Obviously the most controversial scene of the night was Cat's monologue to Talisa regarding Jon Snow. I added a much longer description of my thoughts in the thread dedicated to this topic, but I think that those claiming the scene was "Character Assassination" are being somewhat bombastic. At the end of the scene it came back to Cat ultimately being unable to love Jon and musing on the absurdly horrible circumstances that have befallen her family. We all think and say bizarre things in moments of extreme emotion, and I think that this scene brought that to life. I always found it hard to believe when I read the books that Cat didn't have more conflicted feelings about Jon There had to have been moments when she questioned whether her internal thoughts about him were justified and I think that this scene merely brought those to the surface. I really enjoyed the fight between Jaime and Brienne despite it being truncated from the version presented in the books. However, this decision made complete sense to me. This show isn't The Matrix or Kill Bill and cannot afford to spend eight to ten minutes presenting an absurdly unrealistic, albeit visiaully stimulating, fight scene. I think that one of the great strengths of ASOIAF is the unflattering depiction of battle and war that Martin presents and this fight was a good representation of that. Swordfights aren't beautiful dances, they are brutal and occasionally plodding. I honestly thought that this was realistic and Jaime's apparent incompetence was a result of his shackling / imprisonment / rust. We also got a Howland Reed shout out, which was awesome.Great points
732	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	Teaser for next week's episode is up:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PYk_JRoZkWcLooks like a LOT of plot development next week. Oh, and Stannis is back!
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 08 April 2013 - 12:46 AM.
733	kephv	2013-04-08	It looks like Ramsay is really going to be playing with Theon this season. Wonder where they're taking this.
734	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	The Jaime and Brienne fight scene was extremely disappointing. She toyed with him. First he and and Ned go toe to toe in the show then he gets absolutely embarrassed by Brienne. Are DnD deliberately making it look like Jaime's martial skills were very highly overrated? Other than that and the Shae scene, it was a decent episode.He's really tired and disheveled, but they could have handled that better.  He's too weak to properly fight her.  Although with her being able to beat Loras, she can hold her own.  I think it's a Jaime POV chapter when they fight, and he's pissed he doesn't have everything he needs, because he's confident he's better.  But with the bias of his POV, who knows if he'd truly win?
735	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	Oh HELLS yes. This episode was awesome.I didn't care about Jojen in the books. He's quite cool here. I loved how he just daintily held his hand up to Summer,Gendry calling Arya out on her names. Glad someone did, since we couldn't get inside Arya's head and hear it ourselves. It adds an appropriate bit of childishness.FUCK YES the Hound! I love that character. I've been a bit miffed at how much chillaxed he is in the show, but he was perfect here. Loved Arya's "oh shit!" expression matched with his "WTF?!" expression. Thoros and Anguey ROCK.I don't see why anyone's complaining about Thoros disarming Arya. She's not Jaime; she's a spitfire for her age and knows a thing or two about swords, but Thoros is a good swordsman and Arya's tiny.Loved Jaime's obvious out-of-shapeness. That he still had Brienne fighting for it at first made him more badass. I'm glad they didn't make it into some epic swordfight; it would have looked weird if Jaime was as on the ball as when he fought Ned. I'm psyched for BEARS.So we see Theon's devolvement into Reek...this is going to be painful but awesome. Oh, and I LOOOOOOVE Ramsay's eyes. They are totally crazy enough.LOL @ Margaery's scene with Joffrey. She saw right away how to handle his crossbow -titters-. It was hilarious how turned-on he was getting.Loved the Queen of Thorns. I'm happy they took out Butterbumps. The scene rocks on paper but it would have lost all the dramatic tension if we were fighting to hear Sansa over someone singing about bears.
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 08 April 2013 - 01:00 AM.
736	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	LOL @ Margaery's scene with Joffrey. She saw right away how to handle his crossbow -titters-. It was hilarious how turned-on he was getting.I thought Joff couldn't get aroused by women since he had Tyrion's whores beaten, but looks like it's doable if in the context of sadism.  Marge is being smart here.
737	Eponine	2013-04-08	2. Karstark lamenting Robb's decision to marry Talisa. It's an odd choice for Karstark to voice this concern. Have they even addressed what impact the marriage had at this point? Or the problem of the Frey's letting cross the Twins. I can't recall anyone mentioning the Frey's forces returning to the Twins. Poor tv only viewers must be very confused..Good point, I would really have preferred to see more of the politics in Robb's camp - the stuff NOT focused around Cat. I believe just last week, people weren't even sure whether or not Robb's men knew that he'd married someone else. It would have been a good use of time to show more of the immediate consequences for Robb with his men. ETA: The substitution of stupid annoying Talisa instead of Jeyne should have created even more problems - because while a king marrying a lady for honor whose castle he stopped at might be stupid, wouldn't his men have looked upon Talisa as barely more than a camp follower?
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 08 April 2013 - 01:01 AM.
738	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	No one's said much about the Orrell scene; perhaps it wasn't that memorable.
I thought it was a great introduction to this character--very creepy and unnerving, and McKenzie Crook played it well.
739	Words of Winter	2013-04-08	She is wooden as a character, not as an actress.  Sansa is a repressed and confused teenager under threat for her life.  She is clumsy in all sorts of ways as she should be. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   She is a scared girl, alone and captive.  Her words are life or death.  Every word must be process before uttered.  She is not Arya.  She was the 'proper lady' of house Stark. I imagine a Victorian England demeanor for her and it would make her wooden and proper.
740	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	I think the main problem with the pacing on the show is this idea of "checking up on characters."  I would much rather have blocks of actual plot than just checking in on bits of people walking for a few minutes...
741	Joey Beers	2013-04-08	The minute I find myself getting annoyed that the show deviates so greatly from the book a scene plays out that is so captivating that I kinda forget the story and revel in the glory of the acting and filming. I will defend to the death the greatness of ASOIAF, but the tv adaptation is f ing legit.
742	Words of Winter	2013-04-08	Oh HELLS yes. This episode was awesome.I didn't care about Jojen in the books. He's quite cool here. I loved how he just daintily held his hand up to Summer,Loved the Queen of Thorns. I'm happy they took out Butterbumps. The scene rocks on paper but it would have lost all the dramatic tension if we were fighting to hear Sansa over someone singing about bears.  Agree with both.  Butterbumps would have taken too much explaining and would have been a distraction for the Sansa's dramatic confession.
743	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Bran's voice is starting to sound like Harry Potter.
I cannot believe that Jaime actually called Brienne a giant toe-headed plank. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> "It's shame the throne isn't made out of cocks, you would have never gotten him off it."  More Jaimeisms. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 08 April 2013 - 01:18 AM.
744	Eponine	2013-04-08	No one's said much about the Orrell scene; perhaps it wasn't that memorable.I thought it was a great introduction to this character--very creepy and unnerving, and McKenzie Crook played it well.He was a good character - I hope that Jon's scenes focus heavily on all the interesting characters North of the wall.
745	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	The minute I find myself getting annoyed that the show deviates so greatly from the book a scene plays out that is so captivating that I kinda forget the story and revel in the glory of the acting and filming. I will defend to the death the greatness of ASOIAF, but the tv adaptation is f ing legit.I have my complaints about the adaptation as a book fan, but as a television show they're hitting it out of the park.  It's excellent stuff.For those complaining it's not like the books, try to step back and judge the show on its own.  A 1:1 conversion would be incredibly boring.  For one the plot is too slow; there are too many characters; dialog goes on for paragraphs with no theatrical flow or consideration for speech, and don't forget about Martin's page after page of description and food exposition.  All fine for reading; terrible for television.Remember that GRRM left television to do ASOIAF because he got sick of the budgets and cutting.  So he made something that was impossible to adapt.  Now in interviews he happily admits he was proven wrong.
746	Sp_ey_der	2013-04-08	The Catelyn Talisa scene. Is it only me who's thinking this scene will be linked when Robb tells her he's making Jon heir?
I loved Anguy's introduction and Arya's scenes in general. Absolutely hated some scenes though, like the Catelyn scene, Joff Marg scene and Tyrion Shae scene.
					
					
							Edited by Sp_ey_der, 08 April 2013 - 01:22 AM.
747	Eponine	2013-04-08	For those complaining it's not like the books, try to step back and judge the show on its own.If it weren't for the books, I wouldn't bother to watch the show every week. It's not so good that I'd make any special attempt for it.
748	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-04-08	I think that Cat scene was there to remind us that Jon can be legitimized to become a Stark.
Also, it didn't seem like character assassination to me. She admits feeling guilty for wishing death upon a baby, but she still can't love him. I mean I guess admitting guilt for Jon is OOC for Book! Cat, but the not loving him part is still in-character.  Besides, this version of Cat is much nicer and a little less sharp.
If she had said that she loved Jon Snow I would've thrown my shoe at the TV.
@Sp Nah, it's not just you.
I cringed at the Shae scene, but there was a shit ton of foreshadowing in it. It gets a pass.
Margaery is awesome and I don't mind the Joffrey scene. She's playing him like a fiddle. Plus, it adds another reason as to why they might want to off Joffrey. He'd kill Loras for being such a ..."degenerate."
I wish the Night's Watch scenes made me feel more terrified. I wish it was at night actually.
NCW as Jaime is perfect. I wish his hair was blonder though.
I like Jojen and the Sansa scenes. So, yeah.
@Epo Much better than most things on TV though.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Ravenstone, 08 April 2013 - 01:30 AM.
749	Newstar	2013-04-08	I thought Joff couldn't get aroused by women since he had Tyrion's whores beaten, but looks like it's doable if in the context of sadism.  Marge is being smart here.I'm not the biggest Margaery fan, but it was great fun watching her exercise her incredible skill and manipulative talents in working Joffrey over. She took Sansa's information about Joffrey's sadism and cruelty and used it as a way to get closer to him. Brava, for real.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 01:40 AM.
750	Cravensbayne	2013-04-08	I highly doubt Joffrey could hipshot a bullseye or as in the COD community "no scope". You have to aim, your Grace.
751	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I highly doubt Joffrey could hipshot a bullseye or as in the COD community "no scope". You have to aim, your Grace.It was luck.  Some Lannisters have a charmed life.
752	Clumber	2013-04-08	I have to say I was really bothered by the Jaime vs. Brienne scene. For one, I feel like it could have benefited from having mention of Jaime's deteriorated physical condition. Sure, he had chains on as well, but you don't get the idea looking at the actor that he's spent the last year in a dungeon. Jaime was kind enough to point out Brienne's disadvantage in having to hold back from killing him, and she could have easily responded saying he was in no condition to fight.That aside, the fight itself was then incredibly one sided. Brienne effortlessly defends against him, throws in a few good blows and then just knocks him to the ground when the Bolton men show up. This is the last chance for us to see just what exactly it is Jaime is going to lose, but they waste the opportunity to try and make Brienne a badass when I feel like they've done that plenty with several other scenes.
753	Cravensbayne	2013-04-08	Jaime was perfect when he got the sword and jizzed his pants a little because it had been so long since he had steel in his hands. Then Brienne destroys him. That was very amusing.
754	Joey Beers	2013-04-08	If it weren't for the books, I wouldn't bother to watch the show every week. It's not so good that I'd make any special attempt for it.I had never heard of the books until I watched season 1. I thought the show was amazing as a totally ignorant observer. I read the books because the show captivated me and have since re-read them and fallen in love with ASOIAF. I now find myself bothered and nit picking the show as the books are so far beyond what television could do, but if you had never read the series your view might be different. On an island with no knowledge of the books the show is really freaking good.
755	Delmas	2013-04-08	All I can say about this episode is I am gonna be one happy camper when Tyrion chokes out Shae.
756	pleonasm	2013-04-08	I think the main problem with the pacing on the show is this idea of "checking up on characters."  I would much rather have blocks of actual plot than just checking in on bits of people walking for a few minutes...There is nothing inherently checking up on characters, but every scene needs to efficient and have purpose. Ideally its moving both the plot forward and developing out the characters in interesting ways. It must do at least one of them. Too often, Thrones repeats itself. Remember Joffrey and the prostitutes from last year? It essentially repeated the notion that Joffrey is a sadist, which we saw only minutes before in a previous scene with Sansa, in the same episode! Morever, when they repeat themselves, they take along time to do it. Which just is frustrating when so much rich source material is missed.I was thinking about why I never saw the same pacing issues with The Wire, which is far and away, the closest comparable to Game of Thrones on television (huge cast, complex character arcs, plots spanning multiple seasons, characters weaving in and out of the story, etc..). In a single episode I recently rewatched of the Wire, it contained about 50 scenes with an average length of about 90 seconds, the longest at just over 4 minutes. I think Game of Thrones typically has about half as many scenes with an average about twice the length of time. This isn't to say there is no room for a good long scene, but it has to be exceptionally well written and used sparingly.The writing quality on this series is just a mixed bag. Sometimes they hit it out of the park, often times they don't.
757	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	Oh, a few more moments I loved
- Theon's sobbing pleas as the "servant" leaves. It was really awful.
- "There is no story so good that a drink can't make it better."
- Also, re: Jaime. I thought they did a good job making him look skinny. Not Christian Bale starvation skinny, but the tunic made his shoulders look pretty wasted. If I had any criticism of the fight, maybe Jaime could have resorted to some tricks or something once he knew he was overpowered. But then again, Jaime might not know all that many dirty tricks since he was so talented. Which might make for interesting television later on when he starts to learn to fight again and to make up for his handicap he starts fighting dirty.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 08 April 2013 - 02:01 AM.
758	barneyfife	2013-04-08	jaime would be severly atorpied how ever you spell it what happens to your muscles when your confined and dont use them also malenorished and lets not forget hands bond.
 dont take me wrong brin is good but could she best a completely healthy two handed jaime?
i think not.
759	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	so i geuss the guy who sets Theon free is actually Ramsay? I never looked up who was playing him.
760	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	The writing quality on this series is just a mixed bag. Sometimes they hit it out of the park, often times they don't.No. The writing is fantastic and sometimes, very rarely, they get it wrong.
761	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	No one's said much about the Orrell scene; perhaps it wasn't that memorable.I thought it was a great introduction to this character--very creepy and unnerving, and McKenzie Crook played it well.Scene was really cool I loved how ironic it was when Ygritte says "Youve never met a warg" and the camera just stays on Jon haha. Do we know why they used Orell over Varamyr? Varamyr Six Skins is just such a badass nameEdit: I love a lot of the small things... the leaves rustling in Bran's dream, the subtle hint of Jon's warg ability
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 08 April 2013 - 02:07 AM.
762	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Do we know why they used Orell over Varamyr? Varamyr Six Skins is just such a badass nameI assume it's because Orrell is more closely associate with the eagle, whereas Varymyr has much more expensive-to-film animals like polar bears and shadowcats.
763	pleonasm	2013-04-08	No. The writing is fantastic and sometimes, very rarely, they get it wrong.Lets agree to disagree then. Cause tonight the following wasn't IMHO:1. Catelyn and Talisa2. Karstark lamenting Robb's marriage to Talisa without any context3. Shae with Tyrion - The character of Shae is just a hot mess, she is whatever the plot/dialouge needs her to be and not a real character with any real motivations. She wants to protect Sansa -- why? TV Shae is apparently street smart, but is willing to risk her to be Tyrion. Why exactly? She loves Tyrion - when did that happen? She also has a jealous streak -- why? the motivation to betray Tyrion I am guessing? But not that jealous, cause she gives him a blowjob anyways. Which sort of invalidates the jealousy angle... whatever, nevermind, hot mess!4. The intro of the Brotherhood of Without Banners - shooting an arrow in the air to show what a bad ass I am - sigh5. Two scenes with the Reeds, neither explaining why they are there other the obligatory, we are here for you, which is meaningless6. The Wildlings and the Night's Watch - both scenes are far too long for the plot developments
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 08 April 2013 - 02:13 AM.
764	Mladen	2013-04-08	Ok, great episode with some small flaws, but nothing that would ruin the day. As a guy who think that adaptation should remain loyal to source material but to bring something fresh, I can say this episode made me thinking about my attitude towards it. All changes in this episode were somewhat great on one level and yet so problematic on another.But, let me first focus on great things. Sansa and QOT scene was perfectly acted, Sophie and Dame Diana had done superb job in bringing one of the most memorable scenes of the series on the screen. Although I believe that TV Olenna should be a bit harsher in tone of her comments (something Maggie Smith, Hellen Mirren and Judi Dench are well known for), I am so in love with her looks and her portrayal. On acting part we also have to give a credit to Thomas Brodie-Sangster, man, he is perfect Jojen. Not the way I imagined him, but this was one I think is genuinly great. And lastly, the most controversial Michelle Fairley. As an actress she did a great job (I will discuss the scene later), and I have to say her pain made such impression on me.And now, scene by scene. Emotional beginning was something I really enjoyed. Bran was so lovely in this episode that I have no words for it. Introduction of Jojen, and later Meera was done smoothly, although I blame writers for exclusion of the most impressive vows in Westeros. Now, focusing on KL, I have to admit all scenes are done brilliantly. From Cersei`s loss of control, to QOT and Sansa, all the way to classic Tyrion humor with a bit notch to book Tyrion, and Margaery forshadowing Purple wedding. Everything about KL storyarc in this episode was nicely done. And I appreciate the absence of naked whores. Theon`s storyarc is part of something bigger, and I can`t wait to see the hunt and its consequences. Orell scene was fine, but not too impressive, and as for NW, I have to say I am a bit disappointed on the use of `I forbid you to die` line so early. But, it wasn`t something too bad.And now, let start with controversies. Stark camp storyarc. Catelyn is a mother, never forget that. And her role in both the books and the show is to be a loving mother who does everything in her power for her children. And perhaps mentioning Jon was a bad idea, and I hate that Catelyn became significantly less grey and more white, but in some way I love how her sorrow is overtaking her. And the line `I couldn`t love motherless child` as much as it is wrong, and as someone said character suicide, is one of the most heartbreaking moments, and Michelle pulled it with highest honors. The thing I am confused is those news from Winterfell and the fact that the scene, perhaps just like in the books, is toned down a bit.Also, Arya`s story. Very deftly executed. Especially Sandor/Arya`s meeting. I would like to have seen Arya`s appeal to Harwin to recognize her, and her enjoyment when Sandor is hunted, but for obvious reasons they cut it and I understand it. I love Thoros, but it`s not book Thoros. This Thoros isn`t some ruggedly drunken man who partied with Robert. This Thoros is different, occasionally funny, especially concerning Hot Pie, but also crashed Arya`s confidence and showed her how powerless she is. In a way he taught her how much she has to learn.For the end, this episode has a bit faster pace, but I like the new recipe. Concentrating on less arcs in one episode than stuffing it all in one. This episode wasn`t perfect, but it was one indeed great episode. And having watched these 2 episodes, I can tell we can expect much better season this year. The one in which changes will work for the show and its characters and not against it
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 08 April 2013 - 03:00 AM.
765	_Oberyn_	2013-04-08	All I can say about this episode is I am gonna be one happy camper when Tyrion chokes out Shae.Will not happen, show character is completely different and possibly a merge with a more relevant one from the books. Dornish mayheps /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.
766	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	Will not happen, show character is completely different and possibly a merge with a more relevant one from the books. Dornish mayheps /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.If Tyrion doesn't kill Shae, I would start questioning whether to continue watching or not. Tyrion HAS TO kill Shae. He just has to.
767	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	Is it just me or was this:
"Shall we have some Lemoncakes?"
"Lemoncakes are my favourite!"
"So we've been told"
One of the greatest bits of meta-referencing ever?
768	eetrebor	2013-04-08	2. Karstark lamenting Robb's marriage to Talisa without any contextThere has been plenty of context, Karstark himself has voiced disapproval (in season 2):RICKARD: And where is our King?CATELYN: You know very well he<U+0080><U+0099>s gone to The Crag to negotiate a surrender.RICKARD: He<U+0080><U+0099>s gone to The Crag, aye, but not to negotiate. He<U+0080><U+0099>s got that foreign bitch with him!CATELYN: How dare you!There's also Catelyn reprimanding Robb last season and reminding him that he is breaking his vow with the Frey's.
769	Newstar	2013-04-08	One of the greatest bits of meta-referencing ever?Almost as great as Gendry bitching to Arya about wasting her free kills when she could have called for Joffrey or Tywin's deaths.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 02:58 AM.
770	JJB	2013-04-08	After seeing 2 seasons and two episodes from season 3, I am 100% sure that ASOIAF series is definitely IMPOSSIBLE to be adapted on screen. The actors are excellent (at least most of them) but the show is a complete mess. What the crap is doing Theon in season 3? It is not revealed until book 5 (FIVE) that he is Reek (the one being tortured and kept captive by Ramsay). What was that pathetic scene with Jaime and Brienne? He is supposed to be the best at swordfight. Shae is not NICE and smart in the books!!!! She is a shallow whore!! Oh yeah, I wonder too how is Tyrion gonna kill this NICE  Shae. For no reason, right?
I am disappointed. The books are a fantastic work. Didnt deserve being butchered like this.
					
					
							Edited by JJB, 08 April 2013 - 02:58 AM.
771	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	Why was Thoros of Myr singing The Rains of Castamere?
772	Castel	2013-04-08	Tyrion and Shae is just pathetic. I couldn't stop cringing.
773	JJB	2013-04-08	Tyrion and Shae is just pathetic. I couldn't stop cringing. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
774	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	Jeez, I think butchery is an overstatement.Last season people bitched about the Reeds being cut, but omg, here they are. D&D know how the story ends.Theon should damn well be in season 3. You can't cut a major character for two seasons. He's a POV character, not frickin Faith from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Plus, if Ramsay's identity is exposed, it'll be an awesome WTF moment when viewers realize his daddy's Good Stupid King Robb's second in command.  Actually, scratch that, Ramsay's game is going to be awesome all by itself. We can get flashbacks and internal monologue about how Theon goes from conflicted lordling to broken wretch in the book but that's not possible on screen. We can SEE it and it'll be super powerful.Why was Thoros of Myr singing The Rains of Castamere?Rains is the Westerosi equivalent to "California Girls"? You might hate it, but goddamn it stays in your head.Re: the Shae scene, I didn't read jealousy as much as protectiveness toward Sansa. A dash of jealousy, but not much.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 08 April 2013 - 04:11 AM.
775	Castel	2013-04-08	The Jaime/Brienne fight was hilarious. I guess there was no way to plausibly make it closer. And Jaime should suffer from a lack of stamina.
776	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	Jeez, I think butchery is an overstatement.Last season people bitched about the Reeds being cut, but omg, here they are. D&D know how the story ends.Theon should damn well be in season 3. You can't cut a major character for two seasons. He's a POV character, not frickin Faith from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Plus, if Ramsay's identity is exposed, it'll be an awesome WTF moment when viewers realize his daddy's Good Stupid King Robb's second in command.  Actually, scratch that, Ramsay's game is going to be awesome all by itself. We can get flashbacks and internal monologue about how Theon goes from conflicted lordling to broken wretch in the book but that's not possible on screen. We can SEE it and it'll be super powerful.Rains is the Westerosi equivalent to "California Girls"? You might hate it, but goddamn it stays in your head.i love the rains of castamere, but why would the brotherhood without banners who are out to kill lannister men sing the Lannisters war anthem?
777	irishking44	2013-04-08	I can't stand Shae. She wasn't that important in the books except to show the hypocrisy of Tywin's whore policy and motivate Tyrion more to kill him which they've established her enough for that effect to still be there. Also where's Varys? I thought he would have made an appearance by now. 
Shae's scenes are painful. Germany must have low acting standards if they're heaping awards on her. I really feel like when she speaks It's like watching the intro of a porno that's trying to have a storyline, she's terrible, TERRIBLE. The actress is terrible and her accent is so overbearing and I think she plays it up too. I would have been happier if they had just made Ros take her place, it wouldn't have any lasting impact from the books unless Shae's from some highborn ruling family across the narrow sea who are gonna seek out and kill Tyrion for revenge. 
IDK I just can't stand her. She's so bad, I can't believe I'm saying this about anyone, but I honestly believe that Kristen Stewart is a better actress than the person playing Shae
778	rohit39	2013-04-08	So is Rickon and Osha going to be with Bran, the Reeds and Hodor all the way up to the wall and beyond? Because Osha made quite a splash with her character in the show (Even GRRM loved her). 
I wonder how much more of this Theon thread can they go on with in season 3 without doing a complete u-turn on the books. 
And as an aside, anyone else loved the scene with Jojen and Summer?
779	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	so i geuss the guy who sets Theon free is actually Ramsay? I never looked up who was playing him.it is
780	rohit39	2013-04-08	I believe the only reason Shae is still so prominent in the show is because when the betrayal of Tyrion finally occurs (Witnessing against him in the trial, and later sleeping with Tywin), it should hit the viewers quite hard. Without access to an inner monologue its hard to incite such feelings on the average viewer, unless you have scenes like these.
781	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	i love the rains of castamere, but why would the brotherhood without banners who are out to kill lannister men sing the Lannisters war anthem?Deception! Lannister dudes think they're mercs or something and get their necks hacked before they realize. I'm teasing, but I dunno, maybe.
782	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	then dont watch and stick to imagining the characters in your head. Give them credit for making a series.. ungratefulLMAO why are you so offended by me not enjoying the TV show?I'm not ungrateful. The episode was bad television. It had no coherent theme or purpose, and it didn't really build towards anything. Moreover, it didn't include my favourite character, and my second favourite character (Catelyn) was completely butchered. If it had been an episode of another show, I would also be very disappointed. But the biggest problem I have is that most of the reasons the episode were bad could have been avoided by following the books more closely.I don't owe D&D anything. I'm not going to be "grateful" even when they're butchering the source material and, in the process, making poor quality television.First off, 7V3N, I love your avatar. Oscar Bluth FTW! And long live Arrested Westeros!Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMOYeah, I felt the same. I think it was probably because they jumped straight into Theon being tortured rather than building suspense first.I don't believe Theon should have been included this season (I know this is an unpopular opinion though) but left until next season. I have no faith in D&D's ability to construct a coherent arc for him, particuarly as none if it is relevant to the season's plot or the plot of the series as a whole.Theon should damn well be in season 3. You can't cut a major character for two seasons. He's a POV character, not frickin Faith from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Plus, if Ramsay's identity is exposed, it'll be an awesome WTF moment when viewers realize his daddy's Good Stupid King Robb's second in command.  Actually, scratch that, Ramsay's game is going to be awesome all by itself. We can get flashbacks and internal monologue about how Theon goes from conflicted lordling to broken wretch in the book but that's not possible on screen. We can SEE it and it'll be super powerful. If Alfie Allen didn't want to be absent for a season or two, they could have cut him and give themselves an easier job of condensing the material. But, as far as I'm aware, all the actors are locked in 6 year contracts - so why exactly would Alfie Allen be unable to return?Does Theon's story in season 3 serve the plot? No. It's just gratuitous.So is Rickon and Osha going to be with Bran, the Reeds and Hodor all the way up to the wall and beyond? Because Osha made quite a splash with her character in the show (Even GRRM loved her).I wonder how much more of this Theon thread can they go on with in season 3 without doing a complete u-turn on the books.And as an aside, anyone else loved the scene with Jojen and Summer?I think they're going to write Osha and Rickon out of the show. There was footage released in one of the previews showing Bran, Hodor and the Reeds, but no Rickon or Osha. And they've already started making changes to Osha's character to create an unnecessary rivalry between her and Meera. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
783	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	I don't really think there will be a rivalry between Meera and Osha. I wonder where they will leave Rickon and Osha though.
784	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	I don't really think there will be a rivalry between Meera and Osha. I wonder where they will leave Rickon and Osha though. After reading spoilers and watching that episode, I'm 99% sure there will be a rivalry.
785	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	LMAO why are you so offended by me not enjoying the TV show?I'm not ungrateful. The episode was bad television. It had no coherent theme or purpose, and it didn't really build towards anything. Moreover, it didn't include my favourite character, and my second favourite character (Catelyn) was completely butchered. If it had been an episode of another show, I would also be very disappointed. But the biggest problem I have is that most of the reasons the episode were bad could have been avoided by following the books more closely.I don't owe D&D anything. I'm not going to be "grateful" even when they're butchering the source material and, in the process, making poor quality television.PatrickStormborn, I remember you being one of the show's defenders last season. What made you take a 180 on your viewpoints on the show? Just wondering.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 08 April 2013 - 05:19 AM.
786	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	After reading spoilers and watching that episode, I'm 99% sure there will be a rivalry.You may be right, I haven't read any spoilers beyondf the episode descirptions on Directv.
787	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	obviously D&D don't have a problem with Sansa age, unlike many people on here. I know I don't, she fine, beautiful, and sexy
I don't have a problem with Cat's change, GRRM probably has that written in his character notes. All good writers write notes about their characters that sometimes don't make it in the story. I wished she said how Ned felt when Jon was sick.
Shae is my girl, love her
Olenna, lol, too fucking funny
Margaery is playing Joffery, she knows how to play the game well. 
Ramsay is of course Ramsay.
I wished we saw or hear some Frey reaction to the wedding too.
So the Riverland swords were not with Robb the whole time? Where the fuck were they if they weren't fighting in season 2? I always assumed they were in the army and battles but we never saw them.
788	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	Oh yea, those Reeds are evil. I don't care what nobody says, Howland may have cried but he has the power to see the future and what does he do with it, he lets are beloved Ned die, yea that's a true friend for ya.
789	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	PatrickStormborn, I remember you being one of the show's defenders last season. What made you take a 180 on your viewpoints on the show? Just wondering.I was defending the show because I believed that D&D's deviations from the books had good motivations behind them. But then I began reading their interviews and I started to get the impression that they made a lot of the extremely unpopular changes (Dany losing her dragons and Robb/Talisa) simply because they thought they could make a better show with their own material. And then recently they called anyone who criticises their work "book fundamentalists" and mocked writers who work with themes. I also have a huge problem with the way nudity and sex are handled on the show. Most of it is simply gratuituous and completely misogynistic... and that's going to get worse this season - there's a scene in Littlefinger's brothel with a contortionist which is supposed to be disturbing. And apparently there's a rape attempt made against Theon.Watching season two back, it's a complete mess (particularly episodes 4, 6 and 8). And it could have been far better had they stuck to the source material.
790	kephv	2013-04-08	I don't have a problem with Cat's change, GRRM probably has that written in his character notes.He probably does, under the topic of 'Things to NEVER Pursue.'EDIT:Watching season two back, it's a complete mess (particularly episodes 4, 6 and 8).I felt the same. I was way too forgiving on my first go through of the season. After rewatching it, however, I've come to the same conclusion: should've stuck closer to the source material. All the changes were shit.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 08 April 2013 - 05:40 AM.
791	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	I was defending the show because I believed that D&D's deviations from the books had good motivations behind them. But then I began reading their interviews and I started to get the impression that they made a lot of the extremely unpopular changes (Dany losing her dragons and Robb/Talisa) simply because they thought they could make a better show with their own material. And then recently they called anyone who criticises their work "book fundamentalists" and mocked writers who work with themes. I also have a huge problem with the way nudity and sex are handled on the show. Most of it is simply gratuituous and completely misogynistic... and that's going to get worse this season - there's a scene in Littlefinger's brothel with a contortionist which is supposed to be disturbing. And apparently there's a rape attempt made against Theon.Watching season two back, it's a complete mess (particularly episodes 4, 6 and 8). And it could have been far better had they stuck to the source material.Fair enough. Personally, I enjoyed it, and I still enjoy the show(although this episode did disappoint me). I'm interested into seeing how this attempted rape of Theon will mesh into his character development. Some of the changes in season 2 were good IMHO(mainly Theon's arc), but some were real headscratchers(Cat releasing Jaime before learning of her sons' deaths, the whole Qarth storyline). Like you, I would prefer if they stuck to the source material, but oh well, I'll take what I can get.
792	kephv	2013-04-08	Speaking of Cat not knowing about Bran and Rickon, since they've established that the only reason Cat exists is for them, is that the reason they cut that? I mean, without them her character in the show wouldn't really have a point. Probably why they dodged it this episode, too.
793	King of the Road	2013-04-08	i love the rains of castamere, but why would the brotherhood without banners who are out to kill lannister men sing the Lannisters war anthem?Tom o'Sevens sings it in the book doesn't he? I think it's in ASoS part 1, not really sure.I agree with PhoenixFlame though, it's a damn catchy song, only natural that you'd want to belt it out once in a while, regardless of your allegiance!
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 08 April 2013 - 05:55 AM.
794	mmp	2013-04-08	Thoros stole the limelight. Very impressive introduction, much better than the Reeds --- but the Reeds are awkward in the books as well, just a plot device for Bran.
Shae is doing fine, though HBO has nearly turned her into a POV character with her Sansa/Ros intrigue; for book readers this is not so intruiging because we know it's invented. Shae doesn't have a story of her own in the books, so it's going to be interesting to see where HBO will have taken her by the time Tyrion kills her.
I miss the Slayer scene. In the books, Sam falls during the march and is approached by an Other (he kills it with dragonglass). The whole undead setting in my imagination (based on GRRM's tone and description) is much more terrifying than these CGI zombies. Reading the books, I imagined the eeriness and grace of something like Ring Wraiths in a winter setting. Season 1 did a better job of this in 1x01 with the little girl wight. And of course, you can't be afraid of what isn't depicted... will we see any more white walkers this season once the Watch reaches Craster's Keep? Probably not.
Jaime sure talks a lot. His punchlines are 50/50 hit & miss. I suppose he has to work double with Brienne in company.  Something I missed from the fight scene (not that it took place in a stream) was sexual tension. The fight carries on for some time, past the point that Jaime has clearly embarrassed himself, but it's left unclear who's going to break the ice first, and that's when the Bloody Mummers arrive to break the tension. There may not have been enough time to give the scene its full due.
Keeping on the theme of sexual tension, I think Margaery/Joffrey scenes are revealing some interesting notes about the King. Moving from one scene where Joffrey is nitpicking his clothing to another where he shies away from Margaery after a discussion about Renly's sexuality, and repeat discussion about Sansa's beauty (Tyrion+Shae, and Cersei+Joff in S1) which never interested Joffrey ("Do I have to marry her?"), you would be tempted to conclude that D&D's adaptation is interpreting Joffrey as homosexual... did anyone else pick this up from either show or book? I thought Joff's opinion of making "degeneracy" criminal was reactionary, given that immediately after declaring this he shies away from Margaery's obvious sexual advance.
					
					
							Edited by mmp, 08 April 2013 - 06:07 AM.
795	kephv	2013-04-08	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbIpreview with lots of new footage of the new characters.
796	Waylin Stark	2013-04-08	Got excited to see the eldest Stark brothers in the woods and heard Eddard's voice again, closest thing to a flashback.
We finally meet Olenna, Jojen, Meera, Thoros and the BwB! Not to mention warging, mention of Howland Reed, return of Theon and the Hound.
Plus: a certain cleaning boy who's gonna "help" Theon escape, only to hunt him down later for good sport. Getting chills.
Damn good episode. Waiting for the next one.
797	gande51	2013-04-08	oh god im not prepared to see Iwan as Ramsey /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> i hate greyjoy but gods no one deserves whats coming for him /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
798	SeventySeven	2013-04-08	Jaime sure talks a lot. His punchlines are 50/50 hit & miss. I suppose he has to work double with Brienne in company.  Something I missed from the fight scene (not that it took place in a stream) was sexual tension. The fight carries on for some time, past the point that Jaime has clearly embarrassed himself, but it's left unclear who's going to break the ice first, and that's when the Bloody Mummers arrive to break the tension. There may not have been enough time to give the scene its full due.This. The show version is underwhelming and surprisingly void of sexual tension. I wonder if it's deliberate.
799	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-08	Better than last episode so disappointed with the opening n cuttin FotFm scene, this is my fav episode so far FMD the QoT, thoros BwB the Fukin hound screwing over arya the reeds intro AMAZING. the cat scene wasn't a fan of maybe they want ppl to be especially sympathetic considering what's in store for her. Every scene with "Talisa" just makes me mad "you lost the war the moment you married her" thank you karstark. Margaery pointing the crossbow at Joffrey "would you like to see me kill something." Indeed
800	Spidey	2013-04-08	<U+0080>If truth be told, even our claim to Highgarden is a bit dodgy, just as those dreadful Florents are always whining. "What does it matter," you ask, and of course it doesn't, except to oafs like my son. The thought that one day he might see his grandson with his arse on the Iron Thronemakes Mace puff up like ... now, what do you call it? Margaery, you're clever, be a dear and tell your poor old half-daft grandmother the name of that queer fish from the Summer Isles that puffs up to ten times its own size when you poke it.'				'They call them puff fish, Grandmother.'				'Of course they do, Summer Islanders have no imagination. My son ought to take the puff fish for his sigil, if truth be told. He could put a crown on it, the way the Baratheon do their stag, perhaps that would make him happy. We should have stayed well out of all this bloody foolishness if you ask me, but once the cow's been milked there's no squirting the cream back up her udder. After Lord Puff Fish put that crown on Renly's head, we were into the pudding up to our knees, so here we are to see things through. And what do you say to that, Sansa?'				Sansa's mouth opened and closed. She felt rather like a puff fish herself.[1]Why was this not in there ):Because it's too long. You can't have big monolithic monologues like that on a tv-show where a scene rarely takes up more than four minutes.
801	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	This. The show version is underwhelming and surprisingly void of sexual tension. I wonder if it's deliberate.What show were you watching?  When Brienne gets mad at Jaime for insulting the late Renly and yanks his hair back to yell at him, she moves her mouth to within 1/4 inch of his lips... it doesn't get more tense than that.Also, we have the bath scene coming up.Why was Thoros of Myr singing The Rains of Castamere?From my earlier post in this thread....there's also a practical plot-serving reason why he's singing it, of course.  D&D instructed Ramin to compose a melody for Rains of Castamere that's very catchy, so that when it's played at a certain key moment, we will all recognize the song.  So they're really hammering that melody over and over again.  Tyrion whistles the tune several times early in Season 2, Bronn sings it, The National sings it, and the motif appears several times in the actual score.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 07:27 AM.
802	Arataniello	2013-04-08	Was that supposed to be Bran hearing his father's voice through a weirwood grove?  Or just regular dreamery?
Bran's voice appears to have broken in a major way since the start of season 1.
Finally thought that Alife Allen got to do some decent acting.
803	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Finally thought that Alife Allen got to do some decent acting.Finally?? Did you miss the entire second half of Season 2?
804	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	I think she said that to seduce Joffrey.Yeah, that was her playing Joffrey like a harp.  She said what she needed to get the reactions from him - that was entirely her taking the measure of him based on what Sansa had said.
805	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Yeah, that was her playing Joffrey like a harp.  She said what she needed to get the reactions from him - that was entirely her taking the measure of him based on what Sansa had said.That's one of the reasons I loved the Joffrey-Marg scene so much.  It goes behind the scenes we are shown in the book and shows us what the Tyrells do with the information they get from Sansa.  They don't just use it as a pretext to off Joff at the PW; first she has to gain Joff's trust and affection and there's no better way to do that than to stroke his sadistic side.
806	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	Im pissed they cut the Arya and Harwin scene with Arya breaking down and getting to become herself again. One of my favorite scenes from the book.
807	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	Im pissed they cut the Arya and Harwin scene with Arya breaking down and getting to become herself again. One of my favorite scenes from the book.I agree, that would have been better than introducing the Hound so early, it felt really rushed to me.
808	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Im pissed they cut the Arya and Harwin scene with Arya breaking down and getting to become herself again. One of my favorite scenes from the book.Those scenes that involve the most minor of minor characters are the first to go.  No one watching would have any idea who Harwin is; they would have to use awkward exposition, "you're the son of the horsemaster I knew all my life! you taught me to ride when I was a girl! I'm so happy to see you!" so it just wouldn't have the same impact it does in the books.
809	Elba the Intoner	2013-04-08	Hmmm, mostly I liked this episode a lot but I'm a little torn on a couple of things. First off, I'll start with what I loved. Sansa with the QOT was awesome! Diana Rigg is spot on as the QOT. Also, I loved the introduction of the Reeds and thought that was great as well and the direwolves look amazing. Aww, that dream of Bran with his brothers in the wood made me sniffle. Also, Jojen saying how when he told his father about about Ned that was the only time he ever saw his father cry. That was touching. And we get a Howland Reed mention, too! Sooooo, Jojen has "seen" the events of Robert's Rebellion. That's interesting.
Of course seeing the Hound again was epic! Loved it.  I like Thoros too, he seems cool. I guess they are combining him with Tom O Sevens unless Tom shows up later. And I almost forgot Dolorous Edd with another one of his sarcastic comments always makes me smile.
I also liked the Joff Cersei scene. You can tell that Cersei has lost all control over him. The Joff Marg scene was fine. It sets up some good foreshadowing there about the purple wedding. Marg - "Would you like to watch me kill someone?" Joff - "yes". Well Joff, she's going to kill you he he.
Tyrion - Shae scene was neither here nor there for me. I feel like saying to the show creators that it's okay - they don't have to show Tyrion in every episode. Anyway, yeah it looks like they are setting up that Shae is going to be jealous of Sansa with Tyrion or something.
Robb talking with Karsark was good, especially the line about how Robb lost the war when he married Talisa. (I very much agree with those of you who can't stand Talisa.  Even if they are setting her up to be a spy I just hate seeing her on the screen).
What was hard to watch but great television - Theon. Wow! I cringed so hard when they went to cut off his finger. So, that guy who sets him free who was supposedly sent by his sister is Ramsay right? He's gonna have a little fun with a hunt next ep from what it looks like. I wish Ramsay didn't look so young and so much like Pod though. I pictured Ramsay a lot older than Theon but this guy looks younger.
What I'm a little disappointed with is the Jaime and Brienne fight, though I hate to say it. Their fight scene was one of the things I was most looking forward to but I found it to be a bit of a let down. Maybe because I was so looking forward to it. Where was the dance with me, and kill me or kiss me stuff? And it looks like we are not going to get a Wench out of him now. I love the Wench - Kingslayer stuff because later on when they start calling each other by their names it really shows how they have come around in their thinking of each other. I know I'm just being overly picky but that's how I feel. On the other hand, I loved seeing them on screen again. These two are fantastic together and I know I'll still enjoy watching them.
Also, I'm not sure what to make of this Catelyn confession about Jon Snow. I mean, where did that come from? I can't decide if that makes her character better or not.
810	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	Jojen and Meera might are amazing. Ive been waiting since season 2 to see them. Worth it.
I didnt mind the Cat and Jon thing after sleeping on it. The story was more about Cat than it was Jon.
The Margaery and Joff stuff is great. 
They are dropping RW hints everywhere. Pretty soon Robb's whole army is gonna hate him.
Is there no Tom O'Sevens? Hes just combined with Thoros?
811	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Is there no Tom O'Sevens? Hes just combined with Thoros?That's correct.  Beric, Thoros and Anguy are the only Brothers without Banners who were named in the cast for Season 3.
812	Jovem Corvo	2013-04-08	Jojen Reed... It was worth the waiting.
813	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	Also, I'm not sure what to make of this Catelyn confession about Jon Snow. I mean, where did that come from? I can't decide if that makes her character better or not.To me that was a very nice addition. Many people disliked Catelyn for how she acted towards Jon and I think it sets her as more likable and more realistic when they show her as an honorable lady with good intentions, but that just can't win over her own emotions.I like when characters show vulnerability. While some on the board tend to whine about stupidity as soon as people don't act in the optimal way to success I tend to find it cheesy and unrealistic when characters aren't portrayed with significant weaknesses.
814	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	Why Anguy over Tom O'Sevens? Tom is a more important character and Anguy disappears. I could see if they made Anguy the singer of the group too but they gave that to Thoros.
815	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	What I find weird about the Rickard Karstark scene is... I totally buy this dialog, but what did Robb say to it? I don't know, it's not normal for someone to be told he made a huge mistake getting married to someone, and have him just shrug about it. Seemed odd to me that we didn't at least get something.I had no problem with that, because I think Robb's reaction to the statement may be conflicted - Robb is smart enough to know, objectively, that his marriage could damage his cause, even if he doesn't want to admit that.  So he says nothing, because on one hand he wants his decision to be the right one, and it's still a decision that's seems right to him in his heart, but on the other hand, he probably knows he has no rational argument to present to Richard Karstark against what Karstark says.It was quite a difference between Bran last year and Bran this year in looks and in his voice, but I don't think it'll be a problem.  The events in the TV show do not need to be as compressed as they appear in the books.  It doesn't need to be a story told across only three years -- it can (and will since they have aged a lot since the pilot) feel like much more time is passing.  I, personally, would be much more upset if they sought to recast the roles.Yeah, I think the biggest issue is going to be in terms of how you reconcile filming with the particular scenes, because you run into a problem where the actors will tend to age up between seasons, but the characters may age up within a season, based on the timeline.  TBH, if anything, I think they could do a better job signifying passage of time, which is always a difficult thing to do in this form of media, especially when there are multiple plot threads (you can't just put a subtitle saying "3 months since we last saw this character" and then go onto the next scene with one saying "1 month before that but 5 months since we last saw this character).Jumbled, unrelated thoughts:1) Was anyone disappointed they didn't have the Dreadfort in the opening credits, given that a couple scenes from Episode 2 take place there?  I wanted to see how they would render that terrible place.  I liked the first glimpse of Ramsay Snow.  He looks the part.2) Ran quoted a critic who called one Catelyn's scenes in Episode 2 "character assassination".  Was this referring to the scene where she admitted to praying for Jon Snow's death when he was a baby?  I didn't mind that at all.  She always hated Jon in the books--yet she has a conscience so her sin of praying for an innocent babe's death has always gnawed at her; I think it was more-or-less true to the books.  Perhaps the assassination was something else, something I missed.3) What did you think of the treatment of homosexuality in the Joff-Margery scene (which was excellent, in my view)?  Joff says he's considering punishing homosexuality by death, which seems a bit too on-the-nose and topical for me.  On the other hand, GRRM  never explicitly explores what the religious/moral position on  homosexuality is in Westeros.  Reading the books, I sort of get the idea that homosexuals are mocked (not unlike how Jaime mocks the late Renly in this episode) but not that they are considered abominations before the gods, the way those who commit incest are.  It's interesting to think about.1) Might come up sooner or later, if I recall correctly they don't always change the map the first episode a place appears in order to keep things slightly surprising?  I could be wrong though.2) I really have no problem with that scene.  Look, TV!Cat is, and has been at least to some extent, different than Book!Cat, and I think we have to accept that to a certain extent.  The question then becomes, is TV!Cat a good character irrespective of the comparison with the book - is she an objectively good character on her own.  I wasn't sure about it before, but I actually think that the scene in question is a positive development, because now they're starting to make a clear statement as to who TV!Cat is.  In any case, I think that TV!Cat still more-or-less follows the spirit of Book!Cat, and I think we're largely going to end up in the same places with most of these characters - I don't think minor tweaks to motivations and backgrounds really hurt anything.  This is not to say that I don't think comparisons with the books are valid, because it's absolutely fine to compare differences, maybe discuss how things might have been adapted better, I just think it's a bit short-sighted to use the level of strict adherence to the books as a proxy for quality.3) Explaning in rational terms anything Joffrey does is a futile exercise.  Plus that scene does quite nicely in showing Joff's hypocrisy when you consider his own... proclivities.  "Degenerate," eh?  Nice choice of words there.ahh but loras is no jaime.And Jaime is no Barristan.  Look, I've got all the respect in the world for Jaime's combat prowess, but I do think the fans tend to overstate it somewhat.  He's among the best, to be sure, but he's not some unstoppable force, and factoring in that he wasn't at his best it's not all that surprising Brienne got the upper hand there (not to mention that Jaime started out pretty hot in that fight and Brienne basically let him wear himself out, which is certainly the proper strategy against someone who's been held captive for quite some time and probably lacks for endurance).
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 08 April 2013 - 08:39 AM.
816	mafalda	2013-04-08	This episode was just alright. That's ok, still the best show on tv..
The best scenes were the Queen of Thorns, Arya & co meeting the Brotherhood, Orell & his eagle (creepy!), Jaime & Brienne, and the Reeds. I'm surprised that I enjoyed the Reeds because in the books I hated them.
Is Rickon really going to be raised by wolves?? If so, that's awful! Why not just have him stick with the gang until it's time for Stannis to find him and Osha??
The Cat and Talisa scene was awful. I usually never leave my tv when GoT is on but I found myself raiding the fridge for a snack during this scene. When I came back it was still on :/
Why have the Hound find Arya so early, considering this book will be roughly two seasons? And I really wanted to hear him say "Seven hells it's the little sister!" I don't know why I found that so funny in the book. "Why do you have a Stark bitch?" just wasn't that humorous to me.
Freaking SHAE.
No Varys. Was he this absent from the book too? I can't remember. I know he's definitely there towards the end.
I'm looking forward to the next episode with Dany buying her Unsullied, Theon being sent out only to be hunted back (I couldn't help but laugh at that part during the preview for the next episode), and Brienne and Jaime being courted to Harrenhal. Oh, and Lord Hoster's funeral. Good reason for Robb & his northmen to leave Lord Bolton in Harrenhal. And I guess during all those letters sent to Robb & Cat, none of them saw the farmer's boys' bodies?? No one heard of Bran & Rickon's "death", they're still just "missing"?
Oh and is it just me or does the show do a ton of foreshadowing... I mean like a LOT. There's no way that people who haven't read the books still don't know what's going to happen. With Margaery and Joffrey's "Could you kill something scene" and Lord Karstark telling Robb that he basically lost the war when he married Talisa. I know when I was reading the books, I was shocked that Robb married someone else but I honestly didn't think he would lose. Or die. The Red Wedding came as such a shock, and I feel that non-bookies are already preparing themselves for what's to come. I only hope that since GRRM told D&D the major points of the two unwritten books, that they won't feel it's necessary to add some foreshadowing for those too.
LAST THING, so you mean to tell me that Sibel Kikel, Oona Chaplin, and the girl who plays Ygritte get billing in the opening credits, but not Gwendoline Christie?? She's still just a guest??
...Hodor?
817	fanderson85	2013-04-08	So are all of Alfie Allen's scenes for the next two seasons just going to be him getting tortured? Because... rough. 
Additionally, I'm very excited to see Noah Taylor as Locke/Vargo Hoat.
818	insertname	2013-04-08	Oh and is it just me or does the show do a ton of foreshadowing... I mean like a LOT. There's no way that people who haven't read the books still don't know what's going to happen. With Margaery and Joffrey's "Could you kill something scene" and Lord Karstark telling Robb that he basically lost the war when he married Talisa. I know when I was reading the books, I was shocked that Robb married someone else but I honestly didn't think he would lose. Or die. The Red Wedding came as such a shock, and I feel that non-bookies are already preparing themselves for what's to come. I only hope that since GRRM told D&D the major points of the two unwritten books, that they won't feel it's necessary to add some foreshadowing for those too.Good Point, in the books I had almost forgotten that marrying Jeyne was a problem, because it had worked out for quite some time. I know I was completely shocked by the RW.
819	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	Good Point, in the books I had almost forgotten that marrying Jeyne was a problem, because it had worked out for quite some time. I know I was completely shocked by the RW.Easier to bring something seemingly out of nowhere then justify it with hindsight in a book than in a TV show.  You do that in a TV show it'll throw people off, and at the very least you'll have to dump some exposition during/after the fact to get the viewers on board.  Just a function of the medium, and how it's spread out over time - sometimes, TV needs to spend more time showing the Chekhov's Gun than books do.
820	Bizzy	2013-04-08	Shae's scenes are painful. Germany must have low acting standards if they're heaping awards on her.Well depends on the actor, for example don't think Jaqen H'ghar was bad, he was also a german actor.Well otherwise, we are guilty of Till Schweiger, so....
821	Mladen	2013-04-08	I also liked the Joff Cersei scene. You can tell that Cersei has lost all control over him. The Joff Marg scene was fine. It sets up some good foreshadowing there about the purple wedding. Marg - "Would you like to watch me kill someone?" Joff - "yes". Well Joff, she's going to kill you he he.Elba, can I say we think alike and please don`t offend or take it for bad. I mean only good. That scene really stood out and when I looked at them at that mirror all I could think is `PW, here we come`
822	greatgeek	2013-04-08	So are all of Alfie Allen's scenes for the next two seasons just going to be him getting tortured? Because... rough.Additionally, I'm very excited to see Noah Taylor as Locke/Vargo Hoat.I expect to see the Lady Hornwood plot, and maybe some Dreadfort/Manderly friction in season 4.
823	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	Why was Thoros of Myr singing The Rains of Castamere?It was an EXTREMELY lazy effort of incorporating Tom O' Sevens into another character.  There are dozens of songs in the books, but all we get is Rains of Castamere over and over.  Come on...Also I cannot wait until Shae dies.  She might be a terrific actress in her native German, but her cadence and speaking pattern in English are like nails on a chalkboard and her character's completely muddled constitution drives me insane.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 08 April 2013 - 09:08 AM.
824	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	Is it just me or is the show looking more beautiful this season? The scenes in King's Landing stand out especially. The sets look more lived-in and layered, and the lighting and background ambience is great. The Sansa/Olenna/Margaery lunch had a stunning backdrop as well, with the vibrant gardens and the calm sea. Kind of irrelevant comment, just something I noticed though. Anyone else noticed it?
825	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-08	It was an EXTREMELY lazy effort of incorporating Tom O' Sevens into another character.  There are dozens of songs in the books, but all we get is Rains of Castamere over and over.  Come on...Also I cannot wait until Shae dies.  She might be a terrific actress in her native German, but her cadence and speaking pattern in English are like nails on a chalkboard and her character's completely muddled constitution drives me insane.I tend to agree with the theory other posters have presented.  The show creators want the audience to recognize the song so when the RW comes along and they hear the music, it instantly resonates.Besides, of all the complaints one could raise about the episode, the inclusion of Rains of Castamere seems trivial.
826	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	Is it just me or is the show looking more beautiful this season? The scenes in King's Landing stand out especially. The sets look more lived-in and layered, and the lighting and background ambience is great. The Sansa/Olenna/Margaery lunch had a stunning backdrop as well, with the vibrant gardens and the calm sea. Kind of irrelevant comment, just something I noticed though. Anyone else noticed it?Yeah, they've really seemed to have hit their stride in that respect, which you can especially see in how they've really developed their vision of what King's Landing should look like, especially by way of contrast between the various parts of the city.
827	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	I tend to agree with the theory other posters have presented.  The show creators want the audience to recognize the song so when the RW comes along and they hear the music, it instantly resonates.Besides, of all the complaints one could raise about the episode, the inclusion of Rains of Castamere seems trivial.Dont need to be bashed over the head with it.  Just seemed extremely out of place.  I cringed when I heard it.
828	jons nissa	2013-04-08	Got excited to see the eldest Stark brothers in the woods and heard Eddard's voice again, closest thing to a flashback.yes, i loved seeing the boys together again just as they were a winterfell. sweet!Was that supposed to be Bran hearing his father's voice through a weirwood grove?while it was a greendream, i think it was also a set up for when he actually "hears" things from the weirwood trees.I also liked the Joff Cersei scene. You can tell that Cersei has lost all control over him.yes it was great and really sets up why cersei will be so careful to squash all signs of independence from tommen. made me sad for what is to come actually.
829	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-08	The thing is, they could have done the same ending to 'A Man Without Honor'(the episode where Theon kills the kids), except tweak a couple of things. Catelyn frees Jaime, and either Jaime or Brienne ask her why she's doing it. Cat remains silent and walks away, clutching a letter from a raven.Cut to Theon revealing the bodies, as the viewer realizes why she did what she did. And boom. You still have the same ending. All you need to do is add a few more lines. And you don't make Cat look stupid.Exactly. I don't get why they've changed up the order of these events. I get that they may have wanted to speed up Jaime being freed, but then also speed up word getting out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths". It's more understandable that Cat freed Jaime after learning her last two boys are dead. In fact, most of the Northern bannermen are somewhat sympathetic to Cat, they dismiss her actions as "a woman's grief" and such. They are satisfied with Cat being semi-imprisoned at Riverrun. It's mostly just Karstark carrying on about his son and wanting his revenge on the Kingslayer.
830	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-08	I'm putting out an APB on Nymeria...
831	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	Exactly. I don't get why they've changed up the order of these events. I get that they may have wanted to speed up Jaime being freed, but then also speed up word getting out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths". It's more understandable that Cat freed Jaime after learning her last two boys are dead. In fact, most of the Northern bannermen are somewhat sympathetic to Cat, they dismiss her actions as "a woman's grief" and such. They are satisfied with Cat being semi-imprisoned at Riverrun. It's mostly just Karstark carrying on about his son and wanting his revenge on the Kingslayer.I think we need to accept the fact that Cat has been completely assassinated on the show.  Her entire character is a walking tragedy.  Almost every scene is her having to mourn a new event.  Every event in the books that actually develops her character (Riverrun) has been taken out or delayed to the point where we just get a truly miserable woman.  The acting has been great.  I cannot blame the actress at all.  The writing however has been down right atrocious.  TV Cat is an awful monotone shallow character that needed a ridiculous and completely made up story to give her any trace of intrigue.  Pathetic.
832	jmk51	2013-04-08	I agree; she's just teasing him and giving him grief for checking out other women. She's not seriously mad.Yeah, it's called having a relationship with a girl.  They do this stuff all the time.  To me it just seemed like a playful scene between two people in love.  They have to keep some of these characters involved for continuity/viewership purposes, unlike the books, which go complete books without scenes.
833	mafalda	2013-04-08	Oh and I love Cersei's little quips about the way Margaery dresses! When Joffrey has that tiny square of fabric in his hand and Cersei said that he can give it to Margaery for a dress, but it might be too much fabric! I love Marg's dresses. And Cersei's. And the dresses the prostitutes wear. Someone should do a clothing line around the series!
834	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	I think we need to accept the fact that Cat has been completely assassinated on the show.  Her entire character is a walking tragedy.  Almost every scene is her having to mourn a new event.  Every event in the books that actually develops her character (Riverrun) has been taken out or delayed to the point where we just get a truly miserable woman.  The acting has been great.  I cannot blame the actress at all.  The writing however has been down right atrocious.  TV Cat is an awful monotone shallow character that needed a ridiculous and completely made up story to give her any trace of intrigue.  Pathetic.To be fair, Book Cat's internal monologue was fairly grief stricken and tragic.  I dislike that they're making Robb kind of a hapless king who seems oblivious to the SUPER obvious discord in his ranks, but maybe they feel they need a ton of foreshadowing not to lose the TV audience when the RW occurs.  But, overall they've really butchered the Robb/Cat story since last season and it continues to veer off more and more.
835	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	It was an EXTREMELY lazy effort of incorporating Tom O' Sevens into another character. This makes me wonder. Since they chose to leave out Tom but make Thoros the singer, who will go to Riverrun later when Jaime takes it? It cant be Thoros.
836	Kaitscralt	2013-04-08	I believe the note to Robb did say that Bran and Rickon are dead, he was simply withholding the information from his mother to spare her more grief, and will tell her the truth of the note in a future episode. I could be wrong, though.
837	jmk51	2013-04-08	I thought it was excellent overall.  Some thoughts on the show/comments.
Shae - I'll hold judgement on what the character is until the "end."  I think part of it is the fact she's written to obviously have english as a second language, so everything she says should be broken and disjointed.  Not sure why she holds Sansa in such high regard, unless she's going to be more of a sympathetic figure to Sansa/Tyrion.  Also could see the jealously thing worked in from the wedding.
Reeds - seem much better than in the books - like Jojen's "coolness."
Karstark/Robb conversation - seemed correct to have that pointed out explicitly, but yeah, are the Frey's still with them?  That needs to be clarified.  I think most people have completely forgotten about the Freys.
Talisa/Robb - I like they are showing the conflict in Robb between his duty and his personal feelings.  Many book readers seem to think loyalty/duty/honor trump love, but the show is taken a much different approach to this. 
Joff/Maegery - This wasn't to show another sadist rant by Joff, it was to show how she "plays the game," so to speak.  Done unbelievably well.
QOT - awesome, didn't miss the song one bit. 
Brienne/Jaime - his hands were bound, obviously he was going to lose. 
Sam scene - Liked the part were Rast was made to be in charge of Sam - very army/team building thing to do.
838	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-08	This makes me wonder. Since they chose to leave out Tom but make Thoros the singer, who will go to Riverrun later when Jaime takes it? It cant be Thoros.Yeah. IDK maybe they'll have Anguy infiltrate as a sell-arrow? Whatever the sellsword equivalent of an archer is.
839	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-08	Karstark/Robb conversation - seemed correct to have that pointed out explicitly, but yeah, are the Frey's still with them?  That needs to be clarified.  I think most people have completely forgotten about the Freys.True. I thought Karstark was implying that the Freys were/are leaving, but the whole point of the RW is that Robb thinks the Freys are like "Nah, we're cool! Let's seal being cool with you with wedding Edmure to Roslin." Then.. bang, we're not cool.
840	cybobbie	2013-04-08	thats wut the wheelbarrow is 4, k?Yes of course, I get it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> but I was thinking more ahead, when they reach the snow, but again they can adjust it to become some kind of sled. However my point was simply that the actor is growing very fast, his voice is changing and it will become more and more strange to see him as Bran. Was I the only one who loved the Jaime/Brienne fight? It's much more technical and skill-based than all the others in the show. Instead of the classical hit and miss of most movies and shows, this one is all about momentum and stamina. I could almost spot a stamina bar over Jaime's head draining after each block or attack.I'm really fine with the fight, I mean I didn't love it, but I liked it fine. It was very clear for me that Jaime could not fight as he used to after all he faced in the recent events, so considering that and the fact that he had his hands tied and that Brienne is really tall and strong, he could not endure much, like you I also could see his stamina bar draining.I thought after 16+ seasons of Sopranos, Deadwood, Six Feet Under, etc, that people would be used to the format by now.  We still see many crazy criticisms about "the first few episodes were slow but they speed up later" as if it's new insight.  It's like complaining about how something bad always happens at the end of Act 2 during a 3 act play.  Ummm ...Totally agree! And considering the amount of characters in the show, for me it's natural that they have to start in a slower pace. I guess that book readers forget that there are loads of people watching it that didn't read any of the books so unlike us they don't know all the names and facts ahead. I recall when I read the first book for the first time and I had a very hard time at first with all the characters. Here at home I watch with people that didn't read the books and they have questions all the time about the characters.No one's said much about the Orrell scene; perhaps it wasn't that memorable.I thought it was a great introduction to this character--very creepy and unnerving, and McKenzie Crook played it well.I really liked the scene too, creepy as you said and I'm looking forward Orrell's scenes in the series, because it will be cool to see Crook playing a more serious character.
841	jmk51	2013-04-08	True. I thought Karstark was implying that the Freys were/are leaving, but the whole point of the RW is that Robb thinks the Freys are like "Nah, we're cool! Let's seal being cool with you with wedding Edmure to Roslin." Then.. bang, we're not cool.Yeah, I guess that's true - they'll show up in Riverrun, bring in Edmure, work that out with the Frey's, then have the RW.  That makes sense.
842	Loras Stan	2013-04-08	Enjoyed this episode quite a bit. I still have some serious reservations with the whole 'Loras for Willas' substitute that I'm almost positive they've set up (mainly because it has the potential to make Sansa look like an idiot), and the Cat stuff annoyed me (knew that going in), but I'm glad to see the QoT and Margaery really getting to shine. And finally the Reeds show up! So excited to see where that goes.
843	SeventySeven	2013-04-08	What show were you watching?  When Brienne gets mad at Jaime for insulting the late Renly and yanks his hair back to yell at him, she moves her mouth to within 1/4 inch of his lips... it doesn't get more tense than that.Also, we have the bath scene coming up.Lol, calm down /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I was talking about the actual fight scene book vs show. The book version was quite sexually charged, whereas in the show it came across quite different. I love those two together in the books, the actors have great chemistry, and I agree the Renly scene was quite tense. However I'm not sold on the show's adaptation of the fight.
844	BlackTalon	2013-04-08	In the scene where Talisa is just about to kiss Robb she looks exactly like the banjo playing retard from "Deliverance" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
845	Greyjoy67	2013-04-08	I'm pretty sure I offered two solutions: follow the book, and show that they're still being hunted by the Others.The scene was laughable. They just got attacked by an army of zombies and they look no different to the characters travelling through the Riverlands.I'm following this page, but quick point here... do you expect them to be doing cartwheels through the snow? Or running for their lives? Ep 1, Jeor Mormont starts the show saying "everyone you know will be dead"... they didn't really focus on the Night's Watch this episode, but it's obvious they'll be able to reflect on what happened next episode. Plus the discontent in the ranks was there to see.
846	house of no sigil	2013-04-08	About the Catelyn monologue, isn't it possible that it was just foreshadowing a possible future Lady Stoneheart reveal that she has known more about Jon Snow's true parentage all along? No matter if that turns out to be the much discussed R+L=J or not, it still fits. She could still resent him for the societal impact on Ned's character or possibly some other unknown revelation. Her piety would give ample motovation for both her praying for a young Jon's survival and her grief-addled belief that she is being punished for not upholding a promise to the gods. I'm not ready to say this is character assassination, it's just a new nuance.
					
					
							Edited by house of no sigil, 08 April 2013 - 10:51 AM.
847	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-04-08	What was hard to watch but great television - Theon. Wow! I cringed so hard when they went to cut off his finger. So, that guy who sets him free who was supposedly sent by his sister is Ramsay right? He's gonna have a little fun with a hunt next ep from what it looks like. I wish Ramsay didn't look so young and so much like Pod though. I pictured Ramsay a lot older than Theon but this guy looks younger.Well, Iwan Rehon who plays "Boy" is about a year older than Alfie Allen.I liked the espisode overall. Didn'r care much for the Shae scene  and the Sam scene but the rest was all good. I like that they make an effort to show off the Bolton and Karstak banners to reinforce their importance and to show that the North is more than just Starks.Also it was great seeing The Brotherhood, Paul Kaye did a great job as Thoros and I really liked him schooling Arya. Furthermore it seems that besides to add a bit of Tom O'Sevens to Thoros they added more than a bit of Lem to Anguy.Diana Rigg looks exactly like my mental image of The Queen of Thorns, so either it's a great bit of casting or all old ladies look the same to me.
848	billy g.	2013-04-08	On the whole I say meh. The scenes with Talisa or Shae offset those with the Reeds and Theon. And no Dany is a big MINUS. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
849	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I was defending the show because I believed that D&D's deviations from the books had good motivations behind them. But then I began reading their interviews and I started to get the impression that they made a lot of the extremely unpopular changes (Dany losing her dragons and Robb/Talisa) simply because they thought they could make a better show with their own material. And then recently they called anyone who criticises their work "book fundamentalists" and mocked writers who work with themes. I also have a huge problem with the way nudity and sex are handled on the show. Most of it is simply gratuituous and completely misogynistic... and that's going to get worse this season - there's a scene in Littlefinger's brothel with a contortionist which is supposed to be disturbing. And apparently there's a rape attempt made against Theon.Watching season two back, it's a complete mess (particularly episodes 4, 6 and 8). And it could have been far better had they stuck to the source material.This is spot on. The fact is, they are totally wrong. Im hoping this season makes a turn for the better, because the last few episodes, and much of season 2 have already started a downward spiral.
850	Castle Black	2013-04-08	Why is everyone ragging on the whole Catelyn speech about Jon? Most of you are feeling it's a big deviation from her feelings towards Jon in the books, but it's really not. She admitted she hated Jon in the beginning of his birth. She wished for him to die but then realized that's a little too messed up. She then retracted her wish of death, and Jon lived. She said she WANTED/WAS CONSIDERING to push Ned to legitimize him, but then changed her mind because she still clearly hates him. Also, this kind of works to demonstrate how hating Jon (who is just as much a Stark as his siblings IMO) for no apparent reason came back to cause her family harm. I saw nothing wrong with scene.
851	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	Lets agree to disagree then. Cause tonight the following wasn't IMHO:1. Catelyn and Talisa2. Karstark lamenting Robb's marriage to Talisa without any context3. Shae with Tyrion - The character of Shae is just a hot mess, she is whatever the plot/dialouge needs her to be and not a real character with any real motivations. She wants to protect Sansa -- why? TV Shae is apparently street smart, but is willing to risk her to be Tyrion. Why exactly? She loves Tyrion - when did that happen? She also has a jealous streak -- why? the motivation to betray Tyrion I am guessing? But not that jealous, cause she gives him a blowjob anyways. Which sort of invalidates the jealousy angle... whatever, nevermind, hot mess!4. The intro of the Brotherhood of Without Banners - shooting an arrow in the air to show what a bad ass I am - sigh5. Two scenes with the Reeds, neither explaining why they are there other the obligatory, we are here for you, which is meaningless6. The Wildlings and the Night's Watch - both scenes are far too long for the plot developmentsThe writing in this episode was particularly poor.
852	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	Absolutely loved this episode. Only thing I didn't like was that Tyrion and Shae went on far to long and would have been better if that time went into fleshing out Jojen or a bigger build up for revealing The Hound/Theon. Everything else was brilliant!
They are absolutely flying through ASOS Pt.1.
853	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	Why is everyone ragging on the whole Catelyn speech about Jon? Most of you are feeling it's a big deviation from her feelings towards Jon in the books, but it's really not. She admitted she hated Jon in the beginning of his birth. She wished for him to die but then realized that's a little too messed up. She then retracted her wish of death, and Jon lived. She said she WANTED/WAS CONSIDERING to push Ned to legitimize him, but then changed her mind because she still clearly hates him. Also, this kind of works to demonstrate how hating Jon (who is just as much a Stark as his siblings IMO) for no apparent reason came back to cause her family harm. I saw nothing wrong with scene.No, it is a deviation from her feelings on Jon in the books. She never wishes him dead, but certainly never stayed by his bedside when he had the pox, wishing for him to live for his own selfish reasons. Never once in her life did she had any desire to make him a legitimate Stark. The whole scene is just stupid and unnecessary, it doesn't add anything to Cat's character (in fact, it detracts) and is on the whole, entirely pointless.Answer this: What was the benefit of this scene? What did it add that we didn't already know?
854	Hoo	2013-04-08	Who has Theon imprisoned.  The Greyjoys or the Starks?
855	MegaMagick	2013-04-08	Although i'm not a big fan of Jon's chapters or the north/wall/wildling storyline in the books, i felt that they completely dropped the ball here on the show. It's not really interesting at all, especially with Samwell and the night's watch, just a bunch of walking and marching in the snow. You'll probably get a steamy sex scene between Jon and Ygritte but that'll be the most interesting thing to come out of that. The northern storyline really doesn't get interesting to me until Mel and Stannis enter the picture, which will probably be a ways off. The way they introduced the Reeds is laughable and kind of lazy, in the books the Stark and Reed children were friends/playmates and Jojen had talked to Bran frequently about his dreams/abilities. In the show, all of a sudden some weird kid randomly pops into Bran's dreams? "I've been searching for you" Okay, whatever. Bran's chapters are probably the least interesting to me in the books(next to Samwell) and it's going to be cringeworthy/amusing to see how they work around the actors age and apparent growth spurt.As for the good parts, i like how they're handling the relationship between Margery and Joffrey and i think Brienne and Jaime's story is pretty well done, i liked their little fight at the end. Thoros and the BWB have been set up very well and i can't wait to see Dondarrion introduced along with his eventual clash with the Hound.
856	Castle Black	2013-04-08	No, it is a deviation from her feelings on Jon in the books. She never wishes him dead, but certainly never stayed by his bedside when he had the pox, wishing for him to live for his own selfish reasons. Never once in her life did she had any desire to make him a legitimate Stark. The whole scene is just stupid and unnecessary, it doesn't add anything to Cat's character (in fact, it detracts) and is on the whole, entirely pointless.Answer this: What was the benefit of this scene? What did it add that we didn't already know?It shows that Catelyn is a very conflicted character. Obviously, her strongest feelings stem from the thoughts of her children and Jon. It adds to her character in the fact that she is blaming herself for the destruction of her family based off of hate for Jon, when everyone else in the North treated him like a legitimate Stark child. In the books, she 100% hates Jon and wants nothing to do with him. In the show, it's more like she's 80& hateful of him. The conclusion is the same though; she was never able to accept Jon as a son of Eddard Stark and hates him regardless. In the show she just shows a tad bit more sympathy towards him but the hate is still clearly there.
857	BlackTalon	2013-04-08	Who has Theon imprisoned.  The Greyjoys or the Starks?If you have to ask that you are posting on the wrong board, there are book spoilers all over.
858	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	Who has Theon imprisoned.  The Greyjoys or the Starks?
	Spoiler  He is at the Dreadfort. 

					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 08 April 2013 - 11:39 AM.
859	Hoo	2013-04-08	If you have to ask that you are posting on the wrong board, there are book spoilers all over.Sorry I thought this was the Book spoiler thread on ep2.  That one is the only confusing thing abut last night ep.  No one knows who's got him.  His own men knocked him unconscious at Winterfell, and now we don't know what is going on other than Bolton's bastard hiding as a sweeping boy.
860	Hoo	2013-04-08	Spoiler  He is at the Dreadfort. 
Thank you!
861	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-08	Talisa......gagyeah I'm not a fan of her but I still don't understand why they didn't have Rob marry Jeyne Westerling, I'm mean either way the betrothal to the Frey girl is totally f'd up now and it doesn't change the outcome for future events but this change never made sense to me, can someone explain it?
862	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-08	The way they introduced the Reeds is laughable and kind of lazy, in the books the Stark and Reed children were friends/playmates and Jojen had talked to Bran frequently about his dreams/abilities. In the show, all of a sudden some weird kid randomly pops into Bran's dreams? "I've been searching for you" Okay, whatever. Bran's chapters are probably the least interesting to me in the books(next to Samwell) and it's going to be cringeworthy/amusing to see how they work around the actors age and apparent growth spurt.I mean, are they really that acquainted with each other in the texts?  Bran doesn't know who they are when they arrive at Winterfell.  Maester Luwin has to tell him who the Reeds are and why they're so important.  Sure, the show does plop them into the plotline pretty quickly, but I think it's a stretch to say they were "friends/playmates" in the books.
863	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	It shows that Catelyn is a very conflicted character. Obviously, her strongest feelings stem from the thoughts of her children and Jon. It adds to her character in the fact that she is blaming herself for the destruction of her family based off of hate for Jon, when everyone else in the North treated him like a legitimate Stark child. In the books, she 100% hates Jon and wants nothing to do with him. In the show, it's more like she's 80& hateful of him. The conclusion is the same though; she was never able to accept Jon as a son of Eddard Stark and hates him regardless. In the show she just shows a tad bit more sympathy towards him but the hate is still clearly there.1) We already knew this2) No it doesnt and it also isn't actually true.3) What evidence of there is this? We know Sansa wouldn't call him her brother, he couldn't sit with the family at feasts, even his best friend Robb made it clear he wasn't a legitimate Stark. This is a totally false statement. 4) In the book she hates Jon for what he represents. In the show she tells him she wishes he was hurt instead of Bran and that she wished for him to die again as a young boy. It doesn't make her sympathetic at all. What does make her sympathetic in the books is how her love for Eddard and her family overshadows her opinion of who Jon is (a fine young man) because of what he represents and means to her and Eddard's relationship.
864	teej6	2013-04-08	I'm using the "It's my first time posting on this website" disclaimer. I don't know if anyone else noticed the conversation Mance had with Jon in the episode.  I can't recall the words exactly but paraphrasing it he mentioned how all the wildling tribes are at each others' throats and they spoke SEVEN different languages and the only thing that kept them together was the fear of death (extinction). I don't remember a line such as this in the books so this maybe some kind of foreshadowing on the part of Weiss and Benioff with regards to Jon Snow leading what remains of the seven kingdoms in the final battle against the Others.
865	MegaMagick	2013-04-08	I mean, are they really that acquainted with each other in the texts?  Bran doesn't know who they are when they arrive at Winterfell.  Maester Luwin has to tell him who the Reeds are and why they're so important.  Sure, the show does plop them into the plotline pretty quickly, but I think it's a stretch to say they were "friends/playmates" in the books.It's been almost a year since i've read through the books, but i remember Bran and Rickon being quite friendly with the Reeds along with the Frey children in winterfell.
866	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	I'm using the "It's my first time posting on this website" disclaimer. I don't know if anyone else noticed the conversation Mance had with Jon in the episode.  I can't recall the words exactly but paraphrasing it he mentioned how all the wildling tribes are at each others' throats and they spoke SEVEN different languages and the only thing that kept them together was the fear of death (extinction). I don't remember a line such as this in the books so this maybe some kind of foreshadowing on the part of Weiss and Benioff with regards to Jon Snow leading what remains of the seven kingdoms in the final battle against the Others.To me it feels like a big deviation.  In the book it made it seem like all the tribes north of the wall are banding together under Mance because of his leadership, charm, strength, and ability.  In the show he seems rather drab and leading them only out of a last ditch effort to survive the white walkers.  It gives them a completely different feel and has ruined Mance for the television audience.  Mance and Cat are the two most butchered characters on the show.
867	JonDunn	2013-04-08	It shows that Catelyn is a very conflicted character. Obviously, her strongest feelings stem from the thoughts of her children and Jon. It adds to her character in the fact that she is blaming herself for the destruction of her family based off of hate for Jon, when everyone else in the North treated him like a legitimate Stark child. In the books, she 100% hates Jon and wants nothing to do with him. In the show, it's more like she's 80& hateful of him. The conclusion is the same though; she was never able to accept Jon as a son of Eddard Stark and hates him regardless. In the show she just shows a tad bit more sympathy towards him but the hate is still clearly there.Yep.that's the point - other than a slight deviation for ONE NIGHT when she thought she had BROUGHT ABOUT HIS DEATH and felt guilty, it's the same thing.It's funny how so many people aren't getting it.
868	Maithanet	2013-04-08	I don't remember a line such as this in the books so this maybe some kind of foreshadowing on the part of Weiss and Benioff with regards to Jon Snow leading what remains of the seven kingdoms in the final battle against the Others.Welcome to the Board!  I dunno, that's a long way off if it's foreshadowing, but anything is possible.On last night's episode, I thought it was pretty good.  Most of the first two episodes has been (IMO) cleaning up from the mess left of Season 2, episode 10, which I thought was just terrible (easily the worst in the series).  They never did explain how Sam survived having a wight army see him only a few steps away, but mostly ignored that for Season 3.  Dany's story also seems to be going better.I liked the Brienne/Jaime fight.  I thought it was reasonably tense, and while it might have been more fun to have them crashing through the forest and the stream, that would have been harder to shoot, and this was an understandable and acceptable scaling down of things.  I have no problem with Jaime getting overpowered as he was, I actually found it somewhat ridiculous in the book that he was able to hold his own with Brienne as long as he did, given his disadvantages. The Catelyn scene, people are really overstating the degree to which this changes her character.  I personally can't get too worked up about it. I am really loving Margery Tyrell in this show.  Her expanded character is turning into the best change the show has made.  The Sansa/Margery/QoT scene was excellent. I agree with the Shae hate, her scenes are poor and really don't make any sense.  Is she going to threaten Littlefinger if he makes a move on Sansa?  Please.  Littlefinger isn't going to be too impressed with her hidden knives. But overall, I think that the first two episodes of Season 3 have worked.  I hope that they don't dilute themselves too far, the episodes are already very jumpy.  It is unfortunate that the show, while simplifying lots of things, is also expanding many secondary characters into main characters.  Margery, Robb, Theon are all getting tons of screentime, when none had a POV in SoS.  The result is that the show has to bounce around a LOT, and there's just no way to check in with every mainish character in a single episode anymore.  They need to try and tighten things up however possible.
869	teej6	2013-04-08	To me it feels like a big deviation.  In the book it made it seem like all the tribes north of the wall are banding together under Mance because of his leadership, charm, strength, and ability.  In the show he seems rather drab and leading them only out of a last ditch effort to survive the white walkers.  It gives them a completely different feel and has ruined Mance for the television audience.  Mance and Cat are the two most butchered characters on the show.Yes I agree.  What little we've seen of Mance so far in the show is very different from book Mance.  But that statement by him on the show just seemed to me like the creators are setting up Jon Snow's arc.
870	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	No, it is a deviation from her feelings on Jon in the books. She never wishes him dead, but certainly never stayed by his bedside when he had the pox, wishing for him to live for his own selfish reasons. Never once in her life did she had any desire to make him a legitimate Stark. The whole scene is just stupid and unnecessary, it doesn't add anything to Cat's character (in fact, it detracts) and is on the whole, entirely pointless.Of course it adds something to Cat's character. Just read some non-reader reviews and you'll probably find a few that even whishes that this scene was in the last season so they could have had more sympathy for her when she released Jaime, because they felt that the scene put her in a new light (it for examples explains her scene with Jon for the first time). Adding more sympathy is also a pretty crucial thing to do to her in this season, for very obvious reasons to everyone reading a book spoiler thread.  It might not add things that were in the book but that's a completely different thing. Your argument sounds like it's based in a deviation is stupid and unnecessary because it's a deviation. There's no other reason to say that it didn't add anything.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 April 2013 - 12:26 PM.
871	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-04-08	There a difference between an alive an self aware Cat and the undead Cat. Even though Cat knew she was a bitch to Jon, she couldn't help her self.  She's not one of the stories sociopaths until after her swim.I was referring to live Cat blaming herself for not being able to protect her girls and Bran & Rickon. I think in show they are trying to project her mindset of grief and guilt. Having smoothed over her earlier interactions with Jon they now need to present that conflict in a different way. Possibly something they felt wouldn't be important to leave out and then had to backtrack on? It might explain why the scene was so jarring.
872	David Selig	2013-04-08	Of course it adds something to Cat's character. Just read some non-reader reviews and you'll probably find a few that even whishes that this scene was in the last season so they could have had more sympathy for her when she released Jaime, because they felt that the scene put her in a new light (it for examples explains her scene with Jon for the first time). Adding more sympathy is also a pretty crucial thing to do to her in this season, for very obvious reasons to everyone reading a book spoiler thread.  It might not add things that were in the book but that's a completely different thing. I am frankly at a loss why this scene makes Catelyn looks more sympathetic. It's revealed she prayed for the death of a baby and later on didn't make good on a serious promise to the gods even though she's very religious. Yes, she feels bad about this now, but so what?
873	DisraeliGears	2013-04-08	1) We already knew thisHelps to be reminded occasionally. When you consider the fact that (especially in the show) Cat is the only "good" mother figure we really see (and most of the parental figures are dead anyhow) it becomes very easy to forget about her dislike of Jon.2) No it doesnt and it also isn't actually true.That is one of the major currents of the speech as a whole. Basically Cat was lamenting that one reason for all this tragedy befalling her family is that she broke her oath to the gods to accept Jon. Cat is essentially saying that if accepting Jon as a Stark would bring back Ned, Arya, Sansa, Bran, and Rickon, she'd do it and she regrets not doing so. Honestly it shows the motherly side of Cat more, willing to sacrifice her own feelings about Jon/Ned's infidelity to keep her family intact. Finally, it emphasizes Cat's losses so far. Cat was unwilling to love a "motherless child" but she can see soon that she may very well be a childless mother considering every Stark aside from Robb could be dead, and Robb has her locked up. [3) What evidence of there is this? We know Sansa wouldn't call him her brother, he couldn't sit with the family at feasts, even his best friend Robb made it clear he wasn't a legitimate Stark. This is a totally false statement.Not gonna get into this one, as Jon's bastard status does seem to be held against him numerous times4) In the book she hates Jon for what he represents. In the show she tells him she wishes he was hurt instead of Bran and that she wished for him to die again as a young boy. It doesn't make her sympathetic at all. What does make her sympathetic in the books is how her love for Eddard and her family overshadows her opinion of who Jon is (a fine young man) because of what he represents and means to her and Eddard's relationship.That is EXACTLY what this speech is supposed to emphasize. It just seems that people who interpret long fantasy novels can't interpret T.V. scenes. This whole speech was basically I love my family more than I hate Jon, and if I could go back and redo things I would. Final comment about Cat. I hear a lot of complaining that she only thinks Bran/Rickon are dead instead of "knowing" it like the books, and how that damages her character. I can virtually promise you that she will find out about their "death" sometime in episode 5 or 6 probably. I'm sorry but every ep is gonna check in with Cat/Robb, and 7+ episodes of Cat moping over their death would be extremely tiring, which is why D&D are holding it back. Cat is going to lose EVERYTHING, and it will have more resonance if it happens closer to the RW.
874	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	I am frankly at a loss why this scene makes Catelyn looks more sympathetic. It's revealed she prayed for the death of a baby and later on didn't make good on a serious promise to the gods even though she's very religious. Yes, she feels bad about this now, but so what?It's sympathetic to show remorse over your flaws and mistakes, as well as it explains why she acted like she did earlier in the series. I can see why some people don't find it sympathetic but I have a hard time seeing how it's hard to understand that others do find it to be sympathetic.
875	David Selig	2013-04-08	It's sympathetic to show remorse over your flaws and mistakes, as well as it explains why she acted like she did earlier in the series. I can see why some people don't find it sympathetic but I have a hard time seeing how it's hard to understand that others do find it to be sympathetic. But it's more sympathetic not to have serious flaws and make serious mistakes than to feel regret over them, right? So logically if Cat never prayed for Jon's death and never broken her promise to the gods, she should'be more sympathetic.
876	DisraeliGears	2013-04-08	I'm also surprised by the immense Shae hate I see here, because the actress really brings something to the role. Part of the problem I think people have with her is the odd cadence she uses, but it helps emphasize the exotic nature of Shae (and is probably part of the reason Tyrion falls for her). Unlike numerous other "foreign" characters who may as well be Westerosi in the show (Talisa or Thoros for example) there is a definite sense of otherness with Shae. In fact, comparing Shae with Talisa shows exactly why Shae is a good character in the show (while Talisa is one of the biggest mis-steps in the adaptation).Basically, Shae and Talisa are flipped from the books. In the books Shae is a one-note gold digger who somehow takes in Tyrion, while in the show Talisa is a one-note romantic love character. In the books the Shae character detracts from Tyrion because A. He shouldn't fall for that kind of thing and B. Why does it affect him so much during Dance. I don't buy how hung up he is in the books over a gold-digger, but I DO buy him being so hung up over this Shae characters betrayal (however it happens).On the other end of the spectrum, the Jeyne character adds to Robb in the book, showing he has the same flaw as his father (his honor). In the show however, her substitute (Talisa) really dumbs down his characterization into a simple doomed love story kind of thing.I understand why D&D decided to emphasize Shae over Jeyne/Talisa (Tyrion is much more important long run than Robb basically, so if you have to pick which one is going to be more fleshed out, it ought to be Tyrion) but it still majorly damages Robb's character.So can someone explain to me why the show Shae is so terrible aside from "bad acting"? The worst part about show Shae is that the actress doesn't sell her connection to Sansa all that well, but her connection with Tyrion is MUCH more important, and in that respect she does a fine job showing why she isn't just another whore to Tyrion.But it's more sympathetic not to have serious flaws and make serious mistakes than to feel regret over them, right? So logically if Cat never prayed for Jon's death and never broken her promise to the gods, she should'be more sympatheticUm no. Having no serious flaws makes your character alien and unrelatable. One crucial piece to being sympathetic is being human, and being human means making mistakes. 
					
					
							Edited by DisraeliGears, 08 April 2013 - 01:01 PM.
877	bluemoon	2013-04-08	Brienne whooped Jaime's ass!Long time since i read the books, wasnt it a tougher fight than what was shown?
878	timstanton	2013-04-08	Long time since i read the books, wasnt it a tougher fight than what was shown?yes, she received a pretty brutal cut on her thigh. i think in the episodes to come, as they become closer, she might reveal that the fight was tougher than what was shown, which is what was in the internal dialogue during the actual fight.
879	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	Long time since i read the books, wasnt it a tougher fight than what was shown?Yes.  Much tougher.  The book lays it out as almost an even fight, slightly tilted toward Brienne, which causes Jamie to be impressed with her courage and forces him to look at her differently.  The book also gives the impression that had Jamie been at 100% with full plate, he would have carved her in half.The show on the other hand sort of hides the hindrance of Jamie's hands being shackled and the fight is much more brief and ends in Brienne tossing Jamie to the side like little boy.  Jamie seems more amused than he should be and shows absolutely zero reaction to her skill or determination.
880	pleonasm	2013-04-08	The problem with the Catelyn confession scene is three-fold:
1. Of all the things Catelyn should be feeling guilty about  her issues with how she treated Jon are so low on the list of things that should even be crossing her mind. How about kidnapping Tyrion which triggered the Lannister action and subsequent war, abandoning her sons Bran and Rickon at Winterfell, letting her daughters go to and remain at Kings Landing despite some grave concerns she raised with Ned. If she was feeling bad about any of those things, I might have sympathy, not that she didn't treat her husband's basterd son well as a child.
2. She is confessing to Talisa of all people who I can't recall having a single real conversation with since Talisa and Robb's impromptu marriage.
3. The elephant in the room which is that she should be thinking Bran and Rickon are dead... now that's something you can feel all sorts of guilt over.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 08 April 2013 - 01:17 PM.
881	BlueDragon	2013-04-08	yeah I'm not a fan of her but I still don't understand why they didn't have Rob marry Jeyne Westerling, I'm mean either way the betrothal to the Frey girl is totally f'd up now and it doesn't change the outcome for future events but this change never made sense to me, can someone explain it?It gives Rob a longer love story line, so we can both see him in love and paired for a longer time, i.e. get vicarious thrills. She isn't just a pretty girl who Rob runs into; she is a sympathetic character who is helping men to survive their wounds.  I don't think she is a spy or any such thing.  If she survives the RW, she might play a role in the future which helps knit story lines together.  I like both the character and Chaplin's grandaughter as an actress.
882	pleonasm	2013-04-08	So can someone explain to me why the show Shae is so terrible aside from "bad acting"? The worst part about show Shae is that the actress doesn't sell her connection to Sansa all that well, but her connection with Tyrion is MUCH more important, and in that respect she does a fine job showing why she isn't just another whore to Tyrion.The idea of creating a 'street smart' prostitute that might have more in common with Tyrion isn't on the surface a bad idea, but Shae on the show is a complete cipher. Even after 13+ episodes, do we have any single idea what motivates this character. Why does she care about Sansa? Why is she constantly putting herself at risk (helping Sansa, continuing to see Tyrion, etc...)? If she loves Tyrion --- why? What was that out of the blue sudden bout of jealousy she had. Which she promptly forgot and then gave Tyrion a blowjob. What the hell? That isn't a character, a human being, its a body filling up space and making noise.You say she has a connection to Tyrion, what is the connection?She felt bad for how he was treated as a kid? We need something, anything, to understand where she is coming from.The character is horribly underwritten. If Shae isn't the one-note gold digger, give us a scene, a line of dialouge, something that hints at her motivations, aspirations, or feelings. Of couse, that will require some acting and the actress isn't helping matters at all in that regard.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 08 April 2013 - 01:20 PM.
883	timstanton	2013-04-08	as you can see, i dont come here often, but the whole Cat arguments have forced my hand! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />.  i will start by saying that my non book reading wife was sobbing during this scene and said it was one of the best the show has had so far. i liked the scene too, it was harder for me to not be annoyed by talisa (who i hate,) than to disagree with what cat was doing. I think sometimes, especially for someone like GRRM, the show is a chance to revisit things that he wrote years ago, maybe things he might have done differently. Maybe after years of Cat haters, he and the writers wanted her to come off as most sympathetic. I think people forget too often that this is someone who has lost almost everyone she loves and has also had to betray the only person she currently has, put yourself in her shoes. It was also important for me that she said she WANTED to like Jon, but ultimately couldn't, so it isnt as much of a departure as people are making it out to be. It is easy in the show to portray hatred with a simple grimace or look on ones face. In the book it goes into much more detail. With Cat not going to Riverrun earlier, we miss out on a lot of sympathy building as well. As a whole i loved this episode and liked this scene, I would rather have a Cat that at least tried to like a person as good as Jon Snow and is admitting her faults. That being said, Talisa is just walking around a war asking people..."derrrr...WHATS WRONG?!"
884	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	But it's more sympathetic not to have serious flaws and make serious mistakes than to feel regret over them, right? So logically if Cat never prayed for Jon's death and never broken her promise to the gods, she should'be more sympathetic.I can't give a simple answer to that because it's a subjective matter. I don't know how relevant it is either since she's already wished that Jon would be dying in the show. That part was nothing new, only the explanation and her regret.But to answer personally, I'd say no. I'm far more intrigued by a character that has serious flaws as well as good sides. That really delves into her humanity and makes me feel for her more than if she didn't.
885	timstanton	2013-04-08	The idea of creating a 'street smart' prostitute that might have more in common with Tyrion isn't on the surface a bad idea, but Shae on the show is a complete cipher. Even after 13+ episodes, do we have any single idea what motivates this character. Why does she care about Sansa? Why is she constantly putting herself at risk (helping Sansa, continuing to see Tyrion, etc...)? If she loves Tyrion --- why? What was that out of the blue sudden bout of jealousy she had. Which she promptly forgot and then gave Tyrion a blowjob. What the hell? That isn't a character, a human being, its a body filling up space and making noise.You say she has a connection to Tyrion, what is the connection?She felt bad for how he was treated as a kid? We need something, anything, to understand where she is coming from.The actress isn't helping matters at all, but regardless the character is horribly underwritten.I have seen some people say that they think Tywin might hang Shae, which prompts Tyrion to kill him. After this episode, with the jealousy scene, im not so sure. If he doesnt find her in the bed and kill them both, I will break my TV, I need this character to be killed by Tyrion, she is an idiot. Yes, i am a sick person.
886	BlueDragon	2013-04-08	The problem with the Catelyn confession scene is three-fold:1. Of all the things Catelyn should be feeling guilty about  her issues with how she treated Jon are so low on the list of things that should even be crossing her mind. How about kidnapping Tyrion which triggered the Lannister action and subsequent war, abandoning her sons Bran and Rickon at Winterfell, letting her daughters go to and remain at Kings Landing despite some grave concerns she raised with Ned. If she was feeling bad about any of those things, I might have sympathy, not that she didn't treat her husband's basterd son well as a child.2. She is confessing to Talisa of all people who I can't recall having a single real conversation with their Robb's impromptu marriage.3. The elephant in the room which is that she should be thinking Bran and Rickon are dead... now that's something you can feel all sorts of guilt over.Actually, not so.  She has done a lot of stupid things which have caused this war.  The war is more on her than almost any other character and she did all this out of 'love for her children.'  But she can't face that.  Thousands are dying and many more thousands will die because of her impulsive decisions.  It is easier for her to boil it all down to something simple like not loving Jon.  I think this scene demonstrates how deluded Cat is about her role in the larger story.  It also gives us a little insight into her interior battles re: Jon.  People often think something relatively trivial they did is the cause for their tragedies when it was some other flaw which lead to the tragedy.  This is because we can't see our true flaws most of the time.  I do not think it makes sense to think she knows about Jon's true parentage.  All of her other emotional conflicts don't make sense if that is the case.  Ned kept the secret because too many lives were at stake had he not.  Ned probably realized that Cat was as impulsive as we see her in the books when they were first married; therefore, he knew she couldn't be trusted to share the big secret.  Jon's cover was strengthened by Cat's dislike of him.
887	David Selig	2013-04-08	I can't give a simple answer to that because it's a subjective matter. I don't know how relevant it is either since she's already wished that Jon would be dying in the show. That part was nothing new, only the explanation and her regret.When was that? IIRC "It should've been you" wasn't in the show.But to answer personally, I'd say no. I'm far more intrigued by a character that has serious flaws as well as good sides. That really delves into her humanity and makes me feel for her more than if she didn't. But this is about a character being interesting, not sympathetic. I can see the argument the scene makes cat more interesting, add depth to her character, etc. But more sympathetic - I don't see it.
888	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	The problem with the Catelyn confession scene is three-fold:1. Of all the things Catelyn should be feeling guilty about  her issues with how she treated Jon are so low on the list of things that should even be crossing her mind. How about kidnapping Tyrion which triggered the Lannister action and subsequent war, abandoning her sons Bran and Rickon at Winterfell, letting her daughters go to and remain at Kings Landing despite some grave concerns she raised with Ned. If she was feeling bad about any of those things, I might have sympathy, not that she didn't treat her husband's basterd son well as a child.2. She is confessing to Talisa of all people who I can't recall having a single real conversation with since Talisa and Robb's impromptu marriage.3. The elephant in the room which is that she should be thinking Bran and Rickon are dead... now that's something you can feel all sorts of guilt over.I don't think you understood the scene then. She feels that she violated something the way she acted with Jon (asking the gods to take his life, and then going back on a promise made to get him to survive) and that now she's being punished by the gods as a mother because that's how it relates to her "crime". It's not Jon she's sad for, she's sad for her shortcomings and what she thinks that might have brought (the death of many in her family).Some things you mention also makes very little sense. She was basically forced to take some action against Tyrion, whom she thought had conspired to murder her son and might be a threat to her. Of course she would want justice for the attack on her son and that was always going to be met by hostility by the Lannisters. Bran and Rickon is probably something she regrets, although it's pointless since she wouldn't have changed anything. Leaving the girls at King's Landing was obviously the only choice. The whole point with her travelling in disguise is that no one could know that she was there warning Eddard (again affecting the Tyrion scene as well) because that would make it a huge risk of him being killed like Jon Arryn. Taking the girls was obviously impossible.As for Talisa, at times people open up to people that don't know them too well. I've seen that happen.When it comes to Bran and Rickon, why do you think she's sitting there creating that votive figure?
889	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	The idea of creating a 'street smart' prostitute that might have more in common with Tyrion isn't on the surface a bad idea, but Shae on the show is a complete cipher. Even after 13+ episodes, do we have any single idea what motivates this character. Why does she care about Sansa? Why is she constantly putting herself at risk (helping Sansa, continuing to see Tyrion, etc...)? If she loves Tyrion --- why? What was that out of the blue sudden bout of jealousy she had. Which she promptly forgot and then gave Tyrion a blowjob. What the hell? That isn't a character, a human being, its a body filling up space and making noise.You say she has a connection to Tyrion, what is the connection?She felt bad for how he was treated as a kid? We need something, anything, to understand where she is coming from.The character is horribly underwritten. If Shae isn't the one-note gold digger, give us a scene, a line of dialouge, something that hints at her motivations, aspirations, or feelings. Of couse, that will require some acting and the actress isn't helping matters at all in that regard.How do you know all of her motivations won't be revealed in due time? I think he's meant to fool us as she's fooling Tyrion.
890	pleonasm	2013-04-08	I think this scene demonstrates how deluded Cat is about her role in the larger story.  It also gives us a little insight into her interior battles re: Jon.  People often think something relatively trivial they did is the cause for their tragedies when it was some other flaw which lead to the tragedy.  This is because we can't see our true flaws most of the time.BlueDragon - That's a fascinating reading of the scene, I'm just not convinced that was the intent of the writer or showrunners. I can't offer much of arguement other than the fact they immediately cut to a scene with Jon Snow indicating her speech was to be taken at face value and to have written something for that purpose, would have taken subtely and sophistication thats rarely seen in the writing of this series.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 08 April 2013 - 01:32 PM.
891	timstanton	2013-04-08	How do you know all of her motivations won't be revealed in due time? I think he's meant to fool us as she's fooling Tyrion.i REALLY hope you are right.
892	The Monkey	2013-04-08	I'm getting a bit worried that the world won't have it confirmed that Bran and Rickon are "dead", If The North thinks there is a likelihood they're still alive after the RW, it's gonna change everything.
893	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	In the scene where Talisa is just about to kiss Robb she looks exactly like the banjo playing retard from "Deliverance" /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />You're really a jerk, and that's not funny.  People say the vilest things about these actresses sometimes.  Oona Chaplin is a beautiful woman and delightful person, which is entirely separate from people disapproving of the Talisa subplot.
894	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	When was that? IIRC "It should've been you" wasn't in the show.But this is about a character being interesting, not sympathetic. I can see the argument the scene makes cat more interesting, add depth to her character, etc. But more sympathetic - I don't see it.That's true, I got mixed up with the book as I have that closer in mind due to a reread. She just shows a lot of scorn for Jon for reasons that aren't made very clear. So you're right in that this shows a harsher thought towards Jon at one point.I disagree. I certainly feel for a person that does something bad but realizes it and feels bad about it. As I said, it invokes something very human and that's a good thing in order to connect emotionally. That's of course different for different people, as I said. Just as some feel strongly for Arya right away, while others think that she's a spoiled little child that gets to do whatever she wants and neglect her duties.
895	Minsc	2013-04-08	The war is more on her than almost any other character and she did all this out of 'love for her children.'  But she can't face that.Jaime, Cersei, Littlefinger, and Lysa all disagree with that statement.  Additionally, both Ned, Tywin, and Joffrey highly question it.
896	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	Without (too much) further bitching over Jaime lacking any badass status with a sword in the TV Universe, one (major) other thing annoyed me about the fight-scene and the same (amongst others) annoyed me in the Ned-Jaime fight too. The moment where Brienne swings at Jaime and he ducks under and spins (which you wouldn't do, but if you did...) past, why on Earth wouldn't he cut out her legs and win the fight straight away? It happens just before Jaime says "a bit of a dilemma" or something like that.
Other than that, I liked the Bran storyline (think Rickon will leave a bit later on with Osha, makes more sense this way), liked THeon's scenes as a starter for that arc, liked the Tyrell scenes and Joff-Cersei, didn't like either Shae scene much. Liked Robb's acting today and Cat's acting though not particularly the writing of her scenes. Mance is badass but lacks a little figurative magic and soul. Jon was OK. The NW scene wasn't really pointful. I also loved the Brienne- Jaime banter. All they had to do was make it at least a little clear that Jaime was out of sorts, not just shit
897	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Actually, not so.  She has done a lot of stupid things which have caused this war.  The war is more on her than almost any other character and she did all this out of 'love for her children.'  But she can't face that.  Thousands are dying and many more thousands will die because of her impulsive decisions.  It is easier for her to boil it all down to something simple like not loving Jon.  I think this scene demonstrates how deluded Cat is about her role in the larger story.  It also gives us a little insight into her interior battles re: Jon.  People often think something relatively trivial they did is the cause for their tragedies when it was some other flaw which lead to the tragedy.  This is because we can't see our true flaws most of the time.  I do not think it makes sense to think she knows about Jon's true parentage.  All of her other emotional conflicts don't make sense if that is the case.  Ned kept the secret because too many lives were at stake had he not.  Ned probably realized that Cat was as impulsive as we see her in the books when they were first married; therefore, he knew she couldn't be trusted to share the big secret.Um, no.  This is kind of insane, really.  First off the only action that can realistically be laid at Catelyn's doing that helped cause the war was her kidnapping of Tyrion.  The degree to which that was a true seminal moment versus an action that sped up the inevitable is debatable.  Littlefinger was plotting to cause chaos in any case, and had already set the Starks and Lannisters at each others' throats via the killing of Jon Arryn and the letter sent to Catelyn.  Cersei was already plotting against Robert.  And Tywin Lannister's reaction to Tyrion's arrest, while possibly predictable, wasn't lawful.  His son is accused of an assassination attempt, and so, quite naturally, he launches a fucking invasion of the Riverlands in response.Jon's cover was strengthened by Cat's dislike of him.This much I agree with.  If R+L=J, Ned's cover story to protect Jon from Robert's wrath is quite flimsy, and only really held in place because nobody has bothered (in-universe) to ask the right questions.  Catelyn's enmity lends credance to the story.
898	Cory	2013-04-08	The whole cat feeling sorry for herself was Bleh. 
Jaimie and Brienne fight scene sucked. Loved that the hound and arya are taken at the sane time
899	DisraeliGears	2013-04-08	The idea of creating a 'street smart' prostitute that might have more in common with Tyrion isn't on the surface a bad idea, but Shae on the show is a complete cipher. Even after 13+ episodes, do we have any single idea what motivates this character. Why does she care about Sansa? Why is she constantly putting herself at risk (helping Sansa, continuing to see Tyrion, etc...)? If she loves Tyrion --- why? What was that out of the blue sudden bout of jealousy she had. Which she promptly forgot and then gave Tyrion a blowjob. What the hell? That isn't a character, a human being, its a body filling up space and making noise.You say she has a connection to Tyrion, what is the connection?She felt bad for how he was treated as a kid? We need something, anything, to understand where she is coming from.The character is horribly underwritten. If Shae isn't the one-note gold digger, give us a scene, a line of dialouge, something that hints at her motivations, aspirations, or feelings. Of couse, that will require some acting and the actress isn't helping matters at all in that regard.Putting aside the Sansa stuff, isn't the fact that Shae is a cipher the reason Tyrion finds her so interesting? She is one of the few people (along with Varys most likely) that Tyrion can't see through. If he could, then she'd be just another whore. At some point before the end of the Shae/Tyrion plot I expect we'll get an idea what motivates her but for now, Tyrion is continually kept intrigued by actions and loyalty to him that he can't understand. The jealousy bout has a few angles, but is impossible to fully decipher at this point. First it could be sowing the seeds for the Tyrion/Shae falling out over Sansa. It could very well be Shae simply teasing Tyrion (which she has done before though not in that specific way). Or it could also be Shae keeping Tyrion off balance (which is one of the reason he is so fascinated by her).The Sansa stuff I'd need to rewatch a couple S2 episodes to really interpret well though so I'm going to avoid getting into that for the moment (and it really is less important anyhow)
900	eetrebor	2013-04-08	Yep.that's the point - other than a slight deviation for ONE NIGHT when she thought she had BROUGHT ABOUT HIS DEATH and felt guilty, it's the same thing.It's funny how so many people aren't getting it.This!
901	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	I'm getting a bit worried that the world won't have it confirmed that Bran and Rickon are "dead", If The North thinks there is a likelihood they're still alive after the RW, it's gonna change everything. I do beleive after not hearing about Arya for a while Catelyn assumed she had died, so the same could be said in this case.
902	sara_stk	2013-04-08	there are moonsingers beyond the wall? because Mance said about moonsingers....
903	Ser Farbod	2013-04-08	You're really a jerk, and that's not funny.  People say the vilest things about these actresses sometimes.  Oona Chaplin is a beautiful woman and delightful person, which is entirely separate from people disapproving of the Talisa subplot.I dont get it either.  I think Oona Chaplin is gorgeous.  Its probably blinded me so much that I dont mind that character change at all.
904	TheDarkOne	2013-04-08	The Great,
The scenes with Joff were the best as always. Awesome one liners, his turn on over the thought of his girl killing something, the cross bow and the sweet shot he made.  
Ned's voice, Brand, the Dire Wolves, and Roose Bolton.
All perfect.
Also, hate to say it but wow does the story flow without Danny. Makes a person wonder...
The Awful,
Mance. Sorry the casting is worlds apart where it needed to be here. This could be the worst casting of a major character in this series to date, Renly being the only one as bad. Huge mistake for such an important character.
905	irishking44	2013-04-08	Well depends on the actor, for example don't think Jaqen H'ghar was bad, he was also a german actor.Well otherwise, we are guilty of Till Schweiger, so....Well she must not be able to act outside of her native tongue then. It almost seems like she's memorizing the lines but doesn't know enough english to understand them.
906	irishking44	2013-04-08	I don't really get the change to Talisa from Jeyne unless since they've made Robb a "pov" character they didn't want to divert budget to show them meeting amidst the battle of the Crag. In the end I don't think it matters who Robb marries because at the end of the day he broke his vow to the Freys so his love interest's origins don't really matter much
907	jmk51	2013-04-08	Well she must not be able to act outside of her native tongue then. It almost seems like she's memorizing the lines but doesn't know enough english to understand them.Or maybe that's on purpose, because her character is not only a native English (or whatever you want to call the Westorisi language) speaker, but was brought over to be a prostitute on a slave ship?  Guessing maybe they didn't have Rosetta Stone as part of Hooker 101 training?
908	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I don't really get the change to Talisa from Jeyne unless since they've made Robb a "pov" character they didn't want to divert budget to show them meeting amidst the battle of the Crag. In the end I don't think it matters who Robb marries because at the end of the day he broke his vow to the Freys so his love interest's origins don't really matter muchBut like...what if Jeyne escaped with the Blackfish and has Robb's kid inside her? I guess that could still work if it was Talisa...it just seems all wrong. It's an odd change that really doesn't make much sense.
909	Sun	2013-04-08	I'm getting a bit worried that the world won't have it confirmed that Bran and Rickon are "dead", If The North thinks there is a likelihood they're still alive after the RW, it's gonna change everything.Yes, I was a bit flummoxed by the show not confirming the death. Not sure why they left it open. Robb and Catelyn's arcs are such a mess. Sigh
910	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	I wonder howBut like...what if Jeyne escaped with the Blackfish and has Robb's kid inside her? I guess that could still work if it was Talisa...it just seems all wrong. It's an odd change that really doesn't make much sense. the one thing I'm wondering is how the rest of the  world  finds/found out.
911	Sun	2013-04-08	What I find weird about the Rickard Karstark scene is... I totally buy this dialog, but what did Robb say to it? I don't know, it's not normal for someone to be told he made a huge mistake getting married to someone, and have him just shrug about it. Seemed odd to me that we didn't at least get something.That was my favourite scene in the episode. I thought it was very well acted & executed. And that line from Karstark - "You lost this war the day you married that woman" - along with the cut to Talisa sitting uncomfortably on the horse absent a reply from Robb, really delivered a punch, and implied, to me at least, that deep down Robb knows that Karstark is right, and that we should know it too.
912	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-08	Qot was nice, Arya was amazing.  Catelyn and Talisa was one of the worst scenes in every way. HBO is changing so much of her because they think she doesnt appeal to most of the audience.
913	Castle Black	2013-04-08	as you can see, i dont come here often, but the whole Cat arguments have forced my hand! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />.  i will start by saying that my non book reading wife was sobbing during this scene and said it was one of the best the show has had so far. i liked the scene too, it was harder for me to not be annoyed by talisa (who i hate,) than to disagree with what cat was doing. I think sometimes, especially for someone like GRRM, the show is a chance to revisit things that he wrote years ago, maybe things he might have done differently. Maybe after years of Cat haters, he and the writers wanted her to come off as most sympathetic. I think people forget too often that this is someone who has lost almost everyone she loves and has also had to betray the only person she currently has, put yourself in her shoes. It was also important for me that she said she WANTED to like Jon, but ultimately couldn't, so it isnt as much of a departure as people are making it out to be. It is easy in the show to portray hatred with a simple grimace or look on ones face. In the book it goes into much more detail. With Cat not going to Riverrun earlier, we miss out on a lot of sympathy building as well. As a whole i loved this episode and liked this scene, I would rather have a Cat that at least tried to like a person as good as Jon Snow and is admitting her faults. That being said, Talisa is just walking around a war asking people..."derrrr...WHATS WRONG?!"Yeah dude I 100% agree with this. You said it better than I could.
914	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	Couldnt they find at least one tree for north of the wall in the past 2 episodes.  The way North of the wall is described is basically one big forest.  Putting the NW scenes in a woods would add a great deal of atmosphere to those scenese.  Honestly those scenes were almost amateurish in their direction and setting.  No tension, no context, just bizarrely bad.  Simply placing them in a forest with the attendant claustrophobic feel of not knowing what is around you would have added greatly to the scenese.
And sam is walking along and is called fat and immediately falls to his knees, just plain IDK dumb
915	Cinder Stark	2013-04-08	She wasn't anything to Jon his entire life. She didn't have anything to do with him. Since she doesn't actually owe him anything, nor is she expected to, she hasn't really done anything wrong except from a modern perspective that has markedly different values than her society and upbringing imparted to her.Morally, she was wrong hands down. Doesn't matter if its a fake society, world whatever, blaming Jon for his existence, because of Ned was cray cray. Anyone would agree, it just wrong, he was a defenseless kid, a motherless one at that.........cold blooded.
916	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Yeah dude I 100% agree with this. You said it better than I could.Agreed.  Very well said.
917	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	I trhink I finally realized why I hate TV Shae.  It is because of the effect it has on Tyrion's character.  One of Book Tyrion's serious faults is his self hatred-at his ugliness and his perceptions of his unworthiness for healthy relationships with women.  This colors so much of his actions throughout ASOIAF, whether it is with his sister, Sansa, Penny, Shae, Tywin, Jamie, etc.  TV Tyrion is far too confident in this regard and as result I find his character less interesting,thouh I love Dinklage's performance.
918	protar	2013-04-08	I'm also surprised by the immense Shae hate I see here, because the actress really brings something to the role. Part of the problem I think people have with her is the odd cadence she uses, but it helps emphasize the exotic nature of Shae (and is probably part of the reason Tyrion falls for her). Unlike numerous other "foreign" characters who may as well be Westerosi in the show (Talisa or Thoros for example) there is a definite sense of otherness with Shae. In fact, comparing Shae with Talisa shows exactly why Shae is a good character in the show (while Talisa is one of the biggest mis-steps in the adaptation).I'm sorry but I just don't feel that Sibel Kikelli can act. I admittedly haven't seen her in anything else, but tbh it doesn't really matter if she's winning Emmy's elsewhere - it doesn't change the fact that her performance here is imo, awful. It just sounds so wooden and stilted. The problem is not the accent.Basically, Shae and Talisa are flipped from the books. In the books Shae is a one-note gold digger who somehow takes in Tyrion, while in the show Talisa is a one-note romantic love character. In the books the Shae character detracts from Tyrion because A. He shouldn't fall for that kind of thing and B. Why does it affect him so much during Dance. I don't buy how hung up he is in the books over a gold-digger, but I DO buy him being so hung up over this Shae characters betrayal (however it happens).Oh yes, how silly of Tyrion, being hung up over murdering someone. She was just a gold-digger he shouldn't have cared. And yes he very well should fall for that sort of thing: as you say yourself characters should have flaws. Tyrion's is his issues with love and with women.On the other end of the spectrum, the Jeyne character adds to Robb in the book, showing he has the same flaw as his father (his honor). In the show however, her substitute (Talisa) really dumbs down his characterization into a simple doomed love story kind of thing.Well I agree here entirely. A fan of Talisa I am not.I understand why D&D decided to emphasize Shae over Jeyne/Talisa (Tyrion is much more important long run than Robb basically, so if you have to pick which one is going to be more fleshed out, it ought to be Tyrion) but it still majorly damages Robb's character.But it's not a matter of focus. Both characters have sizeable amounts of screen time and both could have been written equally well. Instead both were written equally worse.So can someone explain to me why the show Shae is so terrible aside from "bad acting"? The worst part about show Shae is that the actress doesn't sell her connection to Sansa all that well, but her connection with Tyrion is MUCH more important, and in that respect she does a fine job showing why she isn't just another whore to Tyrion.But that's the whole point of her interactions with Tyrion: that she is, in the end just a prostitute who doesn't care for Tyrion, demonstrating Tyrion's big, major flaw. Having Shae be genuine in her affections takes away from that. And like Talisa, it's another instance of D+D's obsession with sassy badass women, turning every single character they can into such and neglecting those that they can't.And then of course there's the bad acting.
919	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-08	Did anybody else feel like the first episode seemed to fly by really fast, and this one seemed really long?
It's weird, because I didn't like this episode any less, and the structure/setup was pretty similar.
920	shiola	2013-04-08	And sam is walking along and is called fat and immediately falls to his knees, just plain IDK dumbYeah I don't know what's going on with the NW scenes so far.  I thought it was stupid as well.  I mean I feel bad for the guy, but in the book he falls down because he's so exhausted physically and emotionally from the Fist and the walk thereafter.  On the show, he falls down after being called fat and because his two friends left him behind, who also admit it's because he's fat/slow.Yes, Sam's fat, the token fatty, let's keep pointing it out.  Psh.
921	boojam	2013-04-08	NO BEAR AND THE MAIDEN FAIR AND BUTTERBUMPSO we get Bear and Maiden Fair , but later, in a different context, it seems.Butterbomps has been rendered.
922	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	I'm also surprised by the immense Shae hate I see here, because the actress really brings something to the role. Part of the problem I think people have with her is the odd cadence she uses, but it helps emphasize the exotic nature of Shae (and is probably part of the reason Tyrion falls for her). Unlike numerous other "foreign" characters who may as well be Westerosi in the show (Talisa or Thoros for example) there is a definite sense of otherness with Shae. In fact, comparing Shae with Talisa shows exactly why Shae is a good character in the show (while Talisa is one of the biggest mis-steps in the adaptation).Basically, Shae and Talisa are flipped from the books. In the books Shae is a one-note gold digger who somehow takes in Tyrion, while in the show Talisa is a one-note romantic love character. In the books the Shae character detracts from Tyrion because A. He shouldn't fall for that kind of thing and B. Why does it affect him so much during Dance. I don't buy how hung up he is in the books over a gold-digger, but I DO buy him being so hung up over this Shae characters betrayal (however it happens).On the other end of the spectrum, the Jeyne character adds to Robb in the book, showing he has the same flaw as his father (his honor). In the show however, her substitute (Talisa) really dumbs down his characterization into a simple doomed love story kind of thing.I understand why D&D decided to emphasize Shae over Jeyne/Talisa (Tyrion is much more important long run than Robb basically, so if you have to pick which one is going to be more fleshed out, it ought to be Tyrion) but it still majorly damages Robb's character.So can someone explain to me why the show Shae is so terrible aside from "bad acting"? The worst part about show Shae is that the actress doesn't sell her connection to Sansa all that well, but her connection with Tyrion is MUCH more important, and in that respect she does a fine job showing why she isn't just another whore to Tyrion.[/background][/font][/color]Um no. Having no serious flaws makes your character alien and unrelatable. One crucial piece to being sympathetic is being human, and being human means making mistakes. You answered your own question.  CHanging Shae, changed Tyrion into a character without flaws.
923	Nymeria_Snow	2013-04-08	Putting my two-cents in about that Catelyn scene-
It seemed OOC for me if we're thinking about Cat in the books, but I'd imagine it's a deliberate ploy to make her as sympathetic as possible before the RW.
924	The Storm King	2013-04-08	i think the  sheer number of POV characters is affecting the show. they are getting hardly a few minutes of screentime to each which in my opinion is making the story go really slow
925	shiola	2013-04-08	And like Talisa, it's another instance of D+D's obsession with sassy badass women, turning every single character they can into such and neglecting those that they can't.Shit, I never noticed that.  Now I can't unsee it.  I think they do that with every even slightly major female.
926	boojam	2013-04-08	Nah!  She's just manipulating Joff and trying to pass off as innocent.  Joff would probably wouldn't be so keen on sweet, orphan kissing Marg if he knew she was willing to have threesomes with her brother and Renly.Joff the prude.... one would have to think that through again.
927	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Yeah I don't know what's going on with the NW scenes so far.  I thought it was stupid as well.  I mean I feel bad for the guy, but in the book he falls down because he's so exhausted physically and emotionally from the Fist and the walk thereafter.  On the show, he falls down after being called fat and because his two friends left him behind, who also admit it's because he's fat/slow.Yes, Sam's fat, the token fatty, let's keep pointing it out.  Psh.TBH, I think i'd point it out too. Not in a "haha fatass" type of way but in a " You've hiked and camped for hundred of miles, eating the same amount of food i have. How are you still fat!" way.I wonder how they will incorparate sam the slayer(if they do) into the show. I heard that they might have him slay a wight protecting gilly but then get really out numbered before coldhands comes ot the rescue.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 08 April 2013 - 04:36 PM.
928	Silent Assassin	2013-04-08	Woah, did Renly ask Marg for anal?lol this make me laugh su much /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
929	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	Eh, I'm not sure the word "sympathetic" is being used in the best manner here.
I'd say it humanizes her, by providing context for her failings.  And I don't think that story excuses her actions, in fact in some ways it accentuates the wrongfullness of them.  I think it makes her character more appropriately tragic in the classical sense of the word, and adds depth in regards to how her bad choices and flaws have affected the world around her.
I think it works in the context of the TV show.
930	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-08	A good homage to Reek, having Ramsay pretend to be the cleaning boy who is actually an emmissary from Asha Yara sent to aid in his escape. That's going to really screw with Theon's head.Arya scenes: great. Having the Hound out Arya had rather a rushed feel to it, but it does show how badass the Hound is, given he had no particular reason to have paid Arya any attention, yet he recognises her trying to do her best impression of a peseat boy.My Isaac (Bran) has [physically] matured. Nice solution to the problem of an ever growing Bran and how Hodor is going to move him around. Great Intro of Jojen and Meera. I think we need as many scenes with Osha and Meera as possible because that's set up for a nice bit of female badass rivalry as chief protector of the merry little brand hiking north. I think, because Rickon will actually be old enough to be interesting, when the group splits we might see the show keeping tabs on Rickon and [probably] Meera. As long as the show doesn't spoil us as to Rickon's ultimate destination before TWoW tells us.Talissa and Robb continue to be the bore of the show. But I did like the reveal about what the people of Essos think of Westerosi. Kraznys was rather disdaining of Westerosi, but then he's an evil slaver, so his opinion doesn't count for much in the audience's mind.
931	Conchobar	2013-04-08	ASOIAF fanatic ( "I hate the series" ) book fans are like Harry Potter book fans on viagra, they're even bigger dicks.
I am incredibly impressed with this series and I would classify myself as a massive book nerd of the series as well. I thought this episode was incredible! I loved nearly everything about it. To be honest I pity the people that are still not happy, because they are not enjoying it as much as the majority of the other book fans. I think the quality of episodes is only going to improve from the reviews I have heard. I heard the word "goosebumps" being used by a reviewer for episode four, it might have been Ran but I am not sure.
932	boojam	2013-04-08	Rated this episode the same as last, BTW -- a seven. It's still slow, and the best thing in it is Paul Kaye as Thoros of Myr... and there's only so much a tertiary character can really do, you know? But boy, everything brightens up when he's on. Last thing I would have expected."Slow", well that's the way SoS seemed to me, tho as I have said I am a sucker for GRRM's story telling ability. Nothing really happens except when we get to Arya's, Jon's and especially Dany's story early on.But I can see as a teleplay ... D and D and Vanessa Taylor are trying hard. Nothing like the first season, but GRRM has not made their job easy. Like I said this season is Back Loaded , tho from what you all have said  two more episodes to go and we get a zinger!The last five episodes should be like a bolder crashing down hill.
933	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-04-08	ASOIAF fanatic ( "I hate the series" ) book fans are like Harry Potter book fans on viagra, they're even bigger dicks. This might very well be one of the greatest sentances I have read on this forum.
934	Elder Sister	2013-04-08	I personally quite liked the Cat/Talisa scene, other than the fact that Talisa was in it.  I would have preferred Cat direct her comments to the tree itself; that's how badly Talisa works my last nerve.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
When I'm watching the show, I have to make a conscious effort to remember that it's being made for non-readers of the books as well as people like me.  I'm almost envious of the non-readers, because all of this is new to them...they don't know the whole story.  They're not aware of what's coming, or why, or any of the other stuff that we have dissected, and analyzed, and pondered.  Keeping that in mind, I thought the Cat scene was right on.  It showed her humanity, while still keeping the character of her intact.
935	Q the Cat	2013-04-08	I personally quite liked the Cat/Talisa scene, other than the fact that Talisa was in it.  I would have preferred Cat direct her comments to the tree itself; that's how badly Talisa works my last nerve.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />When I'm watching the show, I have to make a conscious effort to remember that it's being made for non-readers of the books as well as people like me.  I'm almost envious of the non-readers, because all of this is new to them...they don't know the whole story.  They're not aware of what's coming, or why, or any of the other stuff that we have dissected, and analyzed, and pondered.  Keeping that in mind, I thought the Cat scene was right on.  It showed her humanity, while still keeping the character of her intact.I'm glad to know that I'm not the only reader who is totally annoyed by the Talisa character.  I'm curious what the tv-only fans think of her.I didn't mind the Cat scene, because I know they were attempting to gather more sympathy for her.  But I'm not sure this worked for me.   The scene portrays her as someone who 'flip-flops' on who they love.  That doesn't seem to be in Cat's book character.  Her book character is a fierce mother, who is undeterred by her love of and loyalty to family.   Book-Cat would go to the end of the world for her family/loved ones.  She would NOT flip-flop back and forth between loving someone and despising them like tv-Cat did Jon.
					
					
							Edited by Catelyn Stoneheart, 08 April 2013 - 05:14 PM.
936	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	TBH I feel like TV-only fans should probably dislike Talisa MORE, because at least the rest of us have the benefit of knowing that she really only exists as a plot device anyway.
937	kevin1989	2013-04-08	ASOIAF fanatic ( "I hate the series" ) book fans are like Harry Potter book fans on viagra, they're even bigger dicks.I am incredibly impressed with this series and I would classify myself as a massive book nerd of the series as well. I thought this episode was incredible! I loved nearly everything about it. To be honest I pity the people that are still not happy, because they are not enjoying it as much as the majority of the other book fans. I think the quality of episodes is only going to improve from the reviews I have heard. I heard the word "goosebumps" being used by a reviewer for episode four, it might have been Ran but I am not sure.And the funny thing is, that the once that had made the Harry Potter movies, could learn a lot from the goT crew. People seems to forget that 1. asoaif is a very difficult book to put to screen. And 2. The TV isn't for the book readers, it's for the people who didn't read the books, they need to like it, that means that things have to be cut and changes. I'm a big book fan, but I'm not complaining. I'm glad that they made it this great.The most funny thing is when book purists are complaining and they are completely wrong.And about the Cat scene. It could have been in the books. She didn't say she loved Jon. She said that she tried to love him but failed. In the last 2 seasons I didn't really care for Cat (except for episode 1x01 and 1x02) but this time the Cat scene was my favorite of the episode. Cried my eyes out.
938	Roboginger	2013-04-08	what do you want them to do ? All they can do in the snow is walk in single file, as quietly as possible, to their destination period.  Do you want to see them running ?, yelling? freaking out? Will that help them get to the wall?Walking in the daytime killed it for me, in a wide open stretch of land. If it was closer to dusk with the area being closed off a bit with some trees. There was no ominous tone for me when I watched. I can understand the cold desolate thing they were going for but I just did not feel any suspense.
939	Conchobar	2013-04-08	This might very well be one of the greatest sentances I have read on this forum. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
940	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Walking in the daytime killed it for me, in a wide open stretch of land. If it was closer to dusk with the area being closed off a bit with some trees. There was no ominous tone for me when I watched. I can understand the cold desolate thing they were going for but I just did not feel any suspense.I honestly felt no suspense while reading those chapters. This isn't a thriller.
941	shiola	2013-04-08	ASOIAF fanatic ( "I hate the series" ) book fans are like Harry Potter book fans on viagra, they're even bigger dicks.All of the awards.
942	TheReal_Rebel	2013-04-08	So they're making Shae all jealous about Tyrion thinking Sansa is a great beauty.  I smell an angle being constructed...this will be the reason why she ends up in Tywin's bed after Tyrion's wed to Sansa....Exactly!Liked the Catelyn scene.  The fact she couldn't get over her own jealousy & have faith in Ned or even figure out on her own who Jon's mother show's  was demonstrates how blinded with jealousy she was.
943	Kasrith	2013-04-08	Tom O' Sevens (who's not in the show) sings "Castamere" in Storm of Swords.  Of course, he sings it while it's raining, along with about 10 other rain-relating songs in the books, so the choice makes a bit more sense than it did in the show.Maybe he just really likes the song and doesn't care that it's about his enemies.Or they could just be doing it cause they're in Lannister lands and don't know who is listening
944	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	This episode did contain a few plot holes if you think about it.
1. I interpreteted that the reeds, through Jojens Warging, found out that Bran was alive. How come they didnt send a Raven to robb to inform him? if you are going to walk like hundreds of miles to find him, you might consider making that small effort aswell.
2. What Reason did Jamie have to fight Brienne really? i dont remember if he had a better motivation in the books, but since she is literary just serving as his guard on his way to kings landing, what interest could he possibly have in killing her? she is taking him back to the capitol to reuinite him with his family, why would he want to escape her if you think about it?
945	Ross2013	2013-04-08	Actually, not so.  She has done a lot of stupid things which have caused this war.  The war is more on her than almost any other character and she did all this out of 'love for her children.'  But she can't face that.  Thousands are dying and many more thousands will die because of her impulsive decisions.  It is easier for her to boil it all down to something simple like not loving Jon.  I think this scene demonstrates how deluded Cat is about her role in the larger story.  It also gives us a little insight into her interior battles re: Jon.  People often think something relatively trivial they did is the cause for their tragedies when it was some other flaw which lead to the tragedy.  This is because we can't see our true flaws most of the time.  I do not think it makes sense to think she knows about Jon's true parentage.  All of her other emotional conflicts don't make sense if that is the case.  Ned kept the secret because too many lives were at stake had he not.  Ned probably realized that Cat was as impulsive as we see her in the books when they were first married; therefore, he knew she couldn't be trusted to share the big secret.  Jon's cover was strengthened by Cat's dislike of him.thousands are dying because of cat's impulsive decisions?  whoah.. are we blaming the entire war on cat now, or is this just sarcasm?  this war was brewing long before it showed up on Winterfell's doorstep. cat didn't take any actions that sent Bran flying off the tower, poisoned John Aryn, got Robert too drunk to hunt, ...etc. etc.  if you want  to say she got manipulated by LF, fine.  but she's hardly the only one in that department.
946	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	thousands are dying because of cat's impulsive decisions?  whoah.. are we blaming the entire war on cat now, or is this just sarcasm?  this war was brewing long before it showed up on Winterfell's doorstep.cat didn't take any actions that sent Bran flying off the tower, poisoned John Aryn, got Robert too drunk to hunt, ...etc. etc.  if you want  to say she got manipulated by LF, fine.  but she's hardly the only one in that department.Both LF and Ned told Cat to watch her temper and not do anything until ned could find solid evidence and bring it to robert.Yet the first thing Cat does when she sees Tyrion is to arrest him, wich caused the deaths of thousands of people in the riverlands a the hands of the Lannisters.Catelyn taking Tyrion prisoner did cause the Lannisters invasion of the Riverlands, to "Remind her that lannisters pay their debts" as Tywin puts it.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 08 April 2013 - 06:23 PM.
947	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-08	This episode did contain a few plot holes if you think about it.1. I interpreteted that the reeds, through Jojens Warging, found out that Bran was alive. How come they didnt send a Raven to robb to inform him? if you are going to walk like hundreds of miles to find him, you might consider making that small effort aswell.If the Reeds were better communicators, the entire plot of ASOIAF would collapse under it's own weight.
948	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	If the Reeds were better communicators, the entire plot of ASOIAF would collapse under it's own weight.But in the book the Reeds meet up with Bran before he escapes Winterfell. In the Series its completley different, they seem to know that he survived (presumingly through warging) yet they never inform anyone.If you are refering to the ToJ incident, i dont think Howland would want to betray Lyanna/Neds confidence and speak of what happened.
949	shiola	2013-04-08	This episode did contain a few plot holes if you think about it.1. I interpreteted that the reeds, through Jojens Warging, found out that Bran was alive. How come they didnt send a Raven to robb to inform him? if you are going to walk like hundreds of miles to find him, you might consider making that small effort aswell.2. What Reason did Jamie have to fight Brienne really? i dont remember if he had a better motivation in the books, but since she is literary just serving as his guard on his way to kings landing, what interest could he possibly have in killing her? she is taking him back to the capitol to reuinite him with his family, why would he want to escape her if you think about it?1a. Jojen is not a warg.  1b. Ravens can be intercepted quite easily.1c. The crannogmen seem to want to stay out of the war.2.  He wants to escape her because he doesn't trust her, doesn't like her, and, above all, Jaime Lannister is not content to be any man or woman's captive.  He doesn't want to be returned to KL.  He wants to get there on his own, without her around having "brought" him or protected him.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 08 April 2013 - 06:31 PM.
950	shiola	2013-04-08	Both LF and Ned told Cat to watch her temper and not do anything until ned could find solid evidence and bring it to robert.Yet the first thing Cat does when she sees Tyrion is to arrest him, wich caused the deaths of thousands of people in the riverlands a the hands of the Lannisters.Catelyn taking Tyrion prisoner did cause the Lannisters invasion of the Riverlands, to "Remind her that lannisters pay their debts" as Tywin puts it.Which no one could have foreseen really, because it wasn't a smart thing for Tywin to do, and from what I gather it was unlawful as well.
951	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-08	But in the book the Reeds meet up with Bran before he escapes Winterfell. In the Series its completley different, they seem to know that he survived (presumingly through warging) yet they never inform anyone.If you are refering to the ToJ incident, i dont think Howland would want to betray Lyanna/Neds confidence and speak of what happened.Or tell his kids about important stuff like, oh, say Robert's Rebellion.USE YOUR WORDS HOWLAND.
952	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	Which no one could have foreseen really, because it wasn't a smart thing for Tywin to do, and from what I gather it was unlawful as well.Neither was taking Tyrion against your husband and Littlefingers advice a very smart thing to do. And Tywin had his daughter in the position of queen and a king who was heavily in debt to him, he could do pretty much whatever he wanted and get away with it.
953	mafalda	2013-04-08	ASOIAF fanatic ( "I hate the series" ) book fans are like Harry Potter book fans on viagra, they're even bigger dicks.I am incredibly impressed with this series and I would classify myself as a massive book nerd of the series as well. I thought this episode was incredible! I loved nearly everything about it. To be honest I pity the people that are still not happy, because they are not enjoying it as much as the majority of the other book fans. I think the quality of episodes is only going to improve from the reviews I have heard. I heard the word "goosebumps" being used by a reviewer for episode four, it might have been Ran but I am not sure.I don't understand what's so wrong with being a book purist. It would be quite a boring forum if everyone was all "every episode is fantastic!"I know that with a limited budget, it's very hard to adapt this series. However, people also complain about the time format. Each book is roughly 1000 pages each and we have 60 mins x ten episode each year. Which is why I personally turn into a little pansy when they omit so much important material, only to use that time to completely make up material. Like my biggest pet peeve was that ridiculous seven minute long scene in season one at Littlefinger's brothel. They could have used that time to show something more important. Also, why change things around... don't fix it if it ain't broken! It's almost like D&D thinking that they can do better than GRRM by changing stuff like the whole Jeyne Westerling storyline, having LF saying stupid shit all the time, having Jaime kill his cousin, etc..I get what you're saying and I definitely try not to be a jerk about it. When I come on here I usually just list what I personally like and dislike of each episode. And even if someone is ranting and raving, I just think it's funny. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's always interesting reading other people's points of views, especially the crazy ones!But you're right! A lot of people don't focus on enjoying the show, instead they are too busy pointing out everything wrong. Sometiems when watching I point out in my own head "oh, they skipped this and that" but I don't throw my tv at my wall about it. Just me being overly observant. GoT's worst episode is still better than any other tv show out there.Signed, a non crazy book purist.
954	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	1a. Jojen is not a warg.  1b. Ravens can be intercepted quite easily.1c. The crannogmen seem to want to stay out of the war.2.  He wants to escape her because he doesn't trust her, doesn't like her, and, above all, Jaime Lannister is not content to be any man or woman's captive.  He doesn't want to be returned to KL.  He wants to get there on his own, without her around having "brought" him or protected him.Jojen sees though his Green Dreams, the raven guides him, just as it guides Bran.If Robb knew Bran was alive, if anyone knew, niether bran nor Rickon would be safe. Jojen knows this.
955	boojam	2013-04-08	This might very well be one of the greatest sentences I have read on this forum.At least the funniest snide-ness.
956	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	This episode did contain a few plot holes if you think about it.1. I interpreteted that the reeds, through Jojens Warging, found out that Bran was alive. How come they didnt send a Raven to robb to inform him? if you are going to walk like hundreds of miles to find him, you might consider making that small effort aswell.2. What Reason did Jamie have to fight Brienne really? i dont remember if he had a better motivation in the books, but since she is literary just serving as his guard on his way to kings landing, what interest could he possibly have in killing her? she is taking him back to the capitol to reuinite him with his family, why would he want to escape her if you think about it?1. Well, Jojen has the benefit of foresight. Keeping Bran's whereabouts a secret is paramount. Alerting Robb would have tons of Northmen searching for him to bring him safely to...Riverrun perhaps. That directly conflicts with what Jojen needs Bran to do. Plus since he has green dreams, which we don't really know yet in the show, he knew where he would find Bran and when.2. Jaime probably thinks he can do without her. Remember he's complaining about how she wants to walk the whole way ducking under hedges and is desperate to get to KL quickly. Plus he doesn't like being someone's prisoner and up until now doesn't particularly relish Brienne's company - in fact so far he find her to be quite annoying and draining.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 08 April 2013 - 06:42 PM.
957	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	mafalda- exactly!
i love them both because each it a work of art in its own right. if there's a part the book missed, im sad, but its still there in the book, i get over it.
I only get annoyed when they make alterations to a character's personality, but its rare, so im happy!
You have to remember, its a show adapted from a book that was written to un-adaptable, so they've done a smashing job! Especially with Ep.2!
958	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	I really hope we get a scene with Tywin putting Joffrey in his place
959	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	we need to get a good scene with Varys in the next episode.
960	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	we need to get a good scene with Varys in the next episode.I haven't reread aSoS in a while, but I can't recall what Varys is even doing during all of this. I love Conleth Hill, though, so I'm not opposed to just injecting him into the story for the sake of it.
961	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	I haven't reread aSoS in a while, but I can't recall what Varys is even doing during all of this. I love Conleth Hill, though, so I'm not opposed to just injecting him into the story for the sake of it.I dont think we meet him in the book until Tyrion is brought back on the small council.
962	houseHB	2013-04-08	Regarding the complaints about not enough members of the Brotherhood, I could have sworn they cast people to play Lem and Tom Sevenstreams?
963	Maxthestig	2013-04-08	The man at the end is called Locke, but he has replaced Vargo Hoat! I am right on that am I?
And one more question....... Why not just keep the same character?
964	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	The man at the end is called Locke, but he has replaced Vargo Hoat! I am right on that am I?And one more question....... Why not just keep the same character?the rumour is that it was too hard to find an actor who could pull of the lisp without spoiling the characters sinister and intimidating nature... its one of those characters that is far easier to write than to play. the lisp easily becomes comical and spoils the tension and tone of despair in his scenes.probably has something to do with the cutting of the brave companions altogheter aswell. You might aswell make up a completley new, but similiar character instead of turning Vargo Hoat into a servant of House Bolton.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 08 April 2013 - 07:18 PM.
965	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	the rumour is that it was too hard to find an actor who could pull of the lisp without spoiling the characters sinister and intimidating nature... its one of those characters that is far easier to write than to play. the lisp easily becomes comical and spoils the tension and tone of despair in his scenes.probably has something to do with the cutting of the brave companions altogheter aswell. You might aswell make up a completley new, but similiar character instead of turning Vargo Hoat into a servant of House Bolton.There is also the fact that they want to give House Bolton more import over what essentially turns out to be a group that ends up not having much of an impact in the long run.
966	gwenyth	2013-04-08	I thought this episode much better than the first.  My non-book reading companion was a bit fuzzy on Jojen (sp?) and some other - somewhat important - characters like Karstark, but not so much so as not to get the drift.  One thing - though the Band was clearly not the monsters the young 'uns encountered before, I think that their Robin Hood-ish nature could/should have been made more clear. 
I am surprised - just browsing around a few threads, they are too long to read all the posts - to see a good few not liking the Margaery (sp?) performance.  Admittedly it is a recap of the actresses portrayal of Ann Boleyn (sp?), but I think it works. 
Jojen is well-cast, I think.  Looks the part.
967	Katydid	2013-04-08	2. What Reason did Jamie have to fight Brienne really? i dont remember if he had a better motivation in the books, but since she is literary just serving as his guard on his way to kings landing, what interest could he possibly have in killing her? she is taking him back to the capitol to reuinite him with his family, why would he want to escape her if you think about it?Lannister pride aside, if Brienne fulfills her promise to Cat and sees Jaime safely home, then the Lannisters could be seen as in the debt of the Starks, for returning him.  Can't imagine Tywin, nor Jaime, would be pleased about having to pay that debt.  As Lannisters always do.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
968	boojam	2013-04-08	Lannister pride aside, if Brienne fulfills her promise to Cat and sees Jaime safely home, then the Lannisters could be seen as in the debt of the Starks, for returning him.  Can't imagine Tywin, nor Jaime, would be pleased about having to pay that debt.  As Lannisters always do.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes that's a good. Still if Brienne had of brought Jamie in , in chains, the prisoner of a woman!Well Twyin didn't even show Jamie much affection as an escapee who made his own way back as a free man.
969	Gerion Lannister	2013-04-08	An odd annoyance for me is Ghost needs to be with Jon. I always felt that Ghost being at Jon's side gave him some reverence/notariety with the Wildings.  In short get Ghost to Jon so I can see Ygritte's eyes go as wide as dinner plates.
970	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-08	Tried to create a topic about this in the forums, but knowing my luck it won't be allowed by the moderators.
Book spoilers:
	Spoiler So does anyone else reckon that Joffrey's crossbow might be the weapon that Tyrion eventually uses to kill Tywin? I can imagine Tywin confiscating it off Joffrey at some point, perhaps even season 4. Would be a neat addition, I think.
971	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Tried to create a topic about this in the forums, but knowing my luck it won't be allowed by the moderators.Book spoilers:
	Spoiler So does anyone else reckon that Joffrey's crossbow might be the weapon that Tyrion eventually uses to kill Tywin? I can imagine Tywin confiscating it off Joffrey at some point, perhaps even season 4. Would be a neat addition, I think.
It should be allowed as long as the thread title doesn't contain any spoilers.  Just call the thread "Joff's crossbow" or something
972	Janicia	2013-04-08	If the Reeds were better communicators, the entire plot of ASOIAF would collapse under it's own weight.*giggle*
973	Janicia	2013-04-08	If a hungover Sandor could recognize Arya in a crowded room with a glance, it seems clear that LF recognized her last season. 
Battle scenes are just going to be truncated.  Frankly, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t want Jaime and Brienne to just hack at each other with swords for 10 minutes so that we can watch all the clever sword moves Jaime does and see them both getting tired and fall into the river.  I felt that the show made the point about Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s disadvantage visually with his decrepit look.  He and Arya both picked the wrong fight this episode, because that<U+0080><U+0099>s in their nature.  It does seem out of character that the farmer was paid.
I like TV Shae.  I think Shae sees some of the same things in Sansa that Sandor did, and is stepping into the protective role for that reason. I<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure why she is willing to take so many risks or exactly what she thinks she can do with her knife, but I enjoy her cadence and I think it is interesting that she<U+0080><U+0099>s something of a loose cannon. 
I thought Olenna<U+0080><U+0099>s gentler, grandmotherly tone really worked.  The Tyrells act so nice, and clearly do it intentionally as part of their family strategy.  An acerbic Olenna would have stuck out.  Also, you can get away with saying quite shocking / horrible things if you have a grandmotherly tone.  I can<U+0080><U+0099>t wait to see Olenna vs. Cersei. 
I also don<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why people are passing judgment on how this season is handling the rumor of Bran and Rickon<U+0080><U+0099>s death.  Catelyn and Robb will eventually come to believe the boys are dead.  When we get there, it might be awesome.  Or not. But we haven<U+0080><U+0099>t gotten there yet and we just don<U+0080><U+0099>t know.  Is Bolton withholding information at this point?   
I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t like watching the Theon torture scenes.  I get why they should happen on screen, but I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t want to see it.
I wonder if Nymeria will be completely cut, and if so, how will Cat get out of the water?  It is hard to know yet how important warging really is to the series, and if its de-emphasis in the show will be a problem down the road.
Sad that the nice big watchman who carried Sam got cut, I thought it was really eerie when he showed up with the bird eating his face. 
I miss Varys.  And Tywin.  I<U+0080><U+0099>m rooting for a Varys Tywin scene.
974	GameofThronesFTW	2013-04-08	My god...can this world have enough complainers? First off...since season 1 started and season 2, people would complain that they were moving to fast or weren't adding a lot of memorable scenes.
Now Season 3 starts and its movely slightly slow because its the first couple episodes, and new characters and all, and BLOODY HELL....THE THIRD BOOK IS SPLIT INTO TWO SEASONS!!! I just don't understand people. They always ask for something, get it, then they complain even more.
I loved this episode. Though I could understand why most people thought Catelyn's scene was horrible, you have to admit it brought some more emotions to her character that she's blaming herself.
975	GameofThronesFTW	2013-04-08	Also...it does piss me off that D&D have been avoiding the whole warging situation in the past seasons and then changing a few tiny little bits of the main story....at least they actually mentioned warging in this episode. We just need to see Jon warg and Rob now.
And with Nymeria, I think they don't have to show her until Catelyn ends up dying and shes lying in the river. Everyone will be like, whos wolf is that and then remember season 1. But its going to be a bit tricky to make the wolf stick out compared to the others. Possibly make her seem larger?
976	Ross2013	2013-04-08	Both LF and Ned told Cat to watch her temper and not do anything until ned could find solid evidence and bring it to robert.Yet the first thing Cat does when she sees Tyrion is to arrest him, wich caused the deaths of thousands of people in the riverlands a the hands of the Lannisters.Catelyn taking Tyrion prisoner did cause the Lannisters invasion of the Riverlands, to "Remind her that lannisters pay their debts" as Tywin puts it.So Tywin used it as a pretense to commit open rebellion against Robert's reign.  If you give someone a pretense for something they were going to do anyway, I can't buy it makes you solely responsible.Stannis was on to Joffrey's parentage.  Cersi was waiting for the right time for Robert to die.  Ned was going to find out the truth.  etc. etc. etc.  Civil war was just a matter of time.  Tywin's armies were ready for a reason.I can't lay the whole thing at Cat's feet.  If Jaime doesn't send Bran flying off that tower, then Cat has no reason to take Tyrion.  Maybe we should blame the entire war on Jaime and put those thousands of deaths on him.
977	wolverine	2013-04-08	But she had LF's word that it was Tyrion's dagger!
978	Khal Porno	2013-04-08	Had to laugh at the sound of the Internet exploding over Catelyn's speech to Talisa. Honestly, I don't know how I feel about it. Is it out of character? Sure. I can't envision Cat ever admitting to guilt over Jon. But, hell, show!Cat never followed through on her guilt. I think, at our core, humans always realize when they're jealous and bitter, though we would never actually admit to it -- we'd stand firm on a foundation of self righteousness. So, while out of character, I don't necessarily think it's an absolute travesty for Cat to admit to feeling guilty at one point -- an innocent babe was about to die after she had wished for it. The babe didn't die, so she was all "Lulz, that was close...I'ma go back to hating you now."I didn't think it was out of character at all, and I enjoyed that scene.  In fact I thought it was quite in line with her character, that she had a moment of compassion for Jon (as a mother herself), but then couldn't bring herself to actually love him or treat him like part of her family and went back to hating him.  I thought it was terribly sad and wonderfully written, and Michelle Fairly performed it quite well.
979	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	And with Nymeria, I think they don't have to show her until Catelyn ends up dying and shes lying in the river. Everyone will be like, whos wolf is that and then remember season 1. But its going to be a bit tricky to make the wolf stick out compared to the others. Possibly make her seem larger?I've got two words for you..."Previously on..."
980	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-08	But she had LF's word that it was Tyrion's dagger!Speaking of which, do you think the show will revisit this? To my knowledge it hasn't been mentioned since season 1, and it would be difficult to explain how Tyrion and Jaime come to the conclusion that it was Joffrey.Of course, they may have a scene of Joffrey explaining it t someone, possibly Ros.
981	Ross2013	2013-04-08	If a hungover Sandor could recognize Arya in a crowded room with a glance, it seems clear that LF recognized her last season....Can't argue with that logic.  I'm just not sure logic figures into this.  Both events are deviations from the books and the respective scenes are inserted by the TV people as a means to an end.  I don't know if they would even stop to think, "well if Sandor could recognize her..."
982	teemo	2013-04-08	what are there more of...complainers, or complainers who complain about complainers?
983	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	what are there more of...complainers, or complainers who complain about complainers?Does it matter?  It's not like either of those groups appear to be enjoying themselves.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 08 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
984	InF3sTed	2013-04-08	Some low flying with my H6K4. =)[img]http://i214.photobuc...30408020759.jpg[/img]
985	Stark123	2013-04-08	Great Episode!
I love Thoros of Myr in the TV show.
Did Dolorous Edd remind anyone else of Bronn in this episode?
and do you think that Sophie Turner is getting to tall for Sansa?
986	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	and do you think that Sophie Turner is getting to tall for Sansa?I honestly didn't notice it, but maybe just because I was so caught up on the jarring change of Bran's voice, but I guess we can't blame the kid for puberty.And if the only complaint we have is Sophie's height, we should consider ourselves lucky. I'll have to rewatch and pay attention.
987	Khal Porno	2013-04-08	The unfounded vitriol from a lot of people here is just staggering.
988	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-08	So the "Boy" who lets Theon free is suppose to be Ramsay right? just want to confirm my suspicions with you intelligent folk.
Other then that great episode, the Reeds intro was great same with the Queen of Thornes. I love the exposition they are giving Marg. Natalie Dormer is killing it.
I understand the Cat stuff sticks in the Craw of most people but it didnt bother me to much. her show arch has always been just Meh to me.
Lastly i want to praise Thoros, he lit up the screen just seemed like he was out having fun. Fun not a word used in this world to often.
					
					
							Edited by KnightsOfDany, 08 April 2013 - 11:55 PM.
989	Khal Porno	2013-04-08	Lastly i want to praise Thoros, he lit up the screen just seemed like he was out having fun. Fun not a word used in this world to often.Which is an interesting choice, because from what I remember in the books he was pretty sober once he got, you know, sober and religious.  Not that I have a problem with it at all.  I'm actually surprised more people aren't up in arms over this change.  More people seem to be concerned about a non-change to Catelyn than an actual change.
990	Nictarion	2013-04-09	Where was Shaggydog?
991	DisraeliGears	2013-04-09	I'm sorry but I just don't feel that Sibel Kikelli can act. I admittedly haven't seen her in anything else, but tbh it doesn't really matter if she's winning Emmy's elsewhere - it doesn't change the fact that her performance here is imo, awful. It just sounds so wooden and stilted. The problem is not the accent.Ok so bad acting. Not going to try and argue that point because it will simply go in circles. I believe she's doing a good job distinguishing Shae from a common whore (or even an uncommon whore like Ros)Oh yes, how silly of Tyrion, being hung up over murdering someone. She was just a gold-digger he shouldn't have cared. And yes he very well should fall for that sort of thing: as you say yourself characters should have flaws. Tyrion's is his issues with love and with women.Yes, how silly in a world where people are commonly killed, where the king slaughters innocent babes, where thousands of men are burnt to death in a single battle, that Tyrion would get so hung up over killing a whore he rather liked instead of his father lets say. In the books, Shae doesn't make a sufficient impact that a character so supposedly smart as Tyrion should get caught up with her. This Shae adds enough depth for it to be believable, so that in season 4 and onward, when he has issues with love and women, IT'LL BE BELIEVABLE! That's why we get so much Shae material, why she's so important (more so than Jeyne/Talisa) and why the actress is actually doing something with what was a one note character in the booksBut it's not a matter of focus. Both characters have sizeable amounts of screen time and both could have been written equally well. Instead both were written equally worse.Equally worse is laughable, and Shae gets much more screen time. It is a matter of choice. You get 550 minutes for a season, how to allocate those minutes are crucialBut that's the whole point of her interactions with Tyrion: that she is, in the end just a prostitute who doesn't care for Tyrion, demonstrating Tyrion's big, major flaw. Having Shae be genuine in her affections takes away from that. And like Talisa, it's another instance of D+D's obsession with sassy badass women, turning every single character they can into such and neglecting those that they can't.So Tyrion's major flaw is that he gets fucked over by women? Guess what, that's not a character flaw. If he was too obsessed with women, then it'd be a character flaw, but really Shae is the only woman (aside from his first whore yadda yadda) he's developed a weakness for. Indeed Shae keeps him on the straight and narrow rather well. Tyrion's flaw is hubris in his own intellectual talent. He thinks he plays the game better than he does, which gets him screwed over, imprisoned, and exiled to Essos. Because he believes in his own intellectual superiority he continues to indulge Shae, as she is the only person he doesn't understand. You are still assuming that Shae is entirely genuine and won't turn away from Tyrion. Really if she was genuine and turned away it would be even more emotionally wrenching. While I won't saying I know what D&D are doing exactly, I understand how their approaching this and they are doing an excellent job.Really, his musings on her in the book could be read as him still not understanding her motivations. He's not so much torn up, weeping about his lost love, as thinking, "Why? I don't understand why she did this, and I'm usually so good at understanding everything. Why does a whore do what she does?"
					
					
							Edited by DisraeliGears, 09 April 2013 - 12:20 AM.
992	victim	2013-04-09	Long thread, haven't read it all, but did anyone else notice that Thoros took Arya to the Crossroads Inn? I can't tell if it's actually the same place Cat and Tyrion were at in Season 1, or just built to look the same, but I'm positive it was intentional nonetheless.
993	tito5601	2013-04-09	Why was Thoros of Myr singing The Rains of Castamere? i think it was to fool any lannisters that are around, they mite think he is one of them and ocne they get close he will kill them
994	Carcetti	2013-04-09	Long thread, haven't read it all, but did anyone else notice that Thoros took Arya to the Crossroads Inn? I can't tell if it's actually the same place Cat and Tyrion were at in Season 1, or just built to look the same, but I'm positive it was intentional nonetheless.If that was indeed the crossroads inn, the bwb are not the smartest people around. Who thought it was a good idea to bring their prisoner, who happens to be the AWOL royal bodyguard, into a crowded inn where anyone could spot them? On the other hand, everyone there seemed to support the bwb, so I guess there's no harm done
995	ereini0n	2013-04-09	Such an awesome episode.
Jojen and Meera are so cute, and the scene with Theon and the stable boy was brilliantly done.
My favourite moment was Anguy loosing the arrow at the fat kid.
996	gande51	2013-04-09	Me thinks I like Jojen and Meera Reed now , their entrance was so badass /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
997	Maester Ruin	2013-04-09	i loved how Gendry made fun of Arya for not naming Tywin Lannister and Joffery to Jaqen. that was something many viewers where kinda distracted by, and it was nice of the writers to acknowledge that in the show.
998	gande51	2013-04-09	I completely agree Maester Ruin, I thought that Gendry was pretty much the voice of reason in that moment /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
999	Maxthestig	2013-04-09	https://www.youtube....h?v=x1FclOnGXowHere is our review.I'm reading a lot of hating because there are changes. There has to be changes! George RR Martin accepts it and so should we !Most of the changes are great too. My favourite scene was Cat talking about Jon Snow.Queen of Thorns is great and I love Diana Rigg.
1000	Maester Ruin	2013-04-09	to aryas defense, the scene kinda put things in perspective and explained why she chose the names that she did, without actually using words to explain it to the audience:
Gendry, being Older than Arya, was able to see the bigger picture and see that big picture wise, she could have picked much better people for jaquen to kill, while arya who is much younger acted short-sighted to get out of the trouble she faced at the time (he got us out of harrenhall!). She did plan to Name tywin as third though, but since he was gone she cleverly used her last name to get them out of harrenhall.
1001	dttljs123	2013-04-09	Logical reason for Cat and Robb to leave Bolton in charge.They're dumb.
1002	mafalda	2013-04-09	i loved how Gendry made fun of Arya for not naming Tywin Lannister and Joffery to Jaqen. that was something many viewers where kinda distracted by, and it was nice of the writers to acknowledge that in the show.I know! I remember in the book when Arya was watching them (Tywin & army) leave Harrenhal she was kicking herself about it. I guess it would have just been too easy though. And nothing is easy in GRRM's world!
1003	gande51	2013-04-09	Why Bolton even Robb seems not to trust him and yet he leaves him harrenhal one of the toughest castles in Westeros !!!
1004	protar	2013-04-09	Why Bolton even Robb seems not to trust him and yet he leaves him harrenhal one of the toughest castles in Westeros !!!Is there any indication that Robb mistrusts Roose?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 09 April 2013 - 07:16 AM.
1005	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-09	i loved how Gendry made fun of Arya for not naming Tywin Lannister and Joffery to Jaqen. that was something many viewers where kinda distracted by, and it was nice of the writers to acknowledge that in the show.True and cercei bout tyrion's nose, it would have been too gruesome if they cut it off, I personally don't wanna see a whole in his face for an entire hour much less the rest of the series.
1006	gande51	2013-04-09	Is there any indication that Robb mistrusts Roose?I'm sure that i read it somewhere .. It's that or he feels uneasy around him
					
					
							Edited by gande51, 09 April 2013 - 07:39 AM.
1007	Maester Ruin	2013-04-09	in the show, Roose has been very good at establishing Robbs trust. We almost always see him by Robbs side, giving him loyal advice and he has been seemingly very acceptive of Talisa from the start (in S2 he refers to her as "My Lady" with a sincere tone) and in this episode he called her "my queen".
1008	gande51	2013-04-09	Hmmmm this is interesting ...
1009	-Ghost-	2013-04-09	So the "Boy" who lets Theon free is suppose to be Ramsay right? just want to confirm my suspicions with you intelligent folk..Correct
1010	-Ghost-	2013-04-09	Where was Shaggydog?He was there in the scene where Bran wakes up and screams. He was behind Rickon.
1011	Warhawk137	2013-04-09	I'm sure that i read it somewhere .. It's that or he feels uneasy around himThat may very well be the case, but it would be an oversimplification of the concept of "trust."  As of yet, there's no indication that Robb doesn't, or even shouldn't, trust Roose in regards to Roose's loyalty as Robb's bannerman.  You don't have to necessarily like someone to trust them, although we, with the benefit of having read ahead, know that the trust is ultimately misplaced."Trust" is a funny thing in the context of ASOIAF/GoT.  It's not a simple matter of "character X is trustworthy" and "character Y isn't trustworthy", it's heavily dependent on context and motivations, and misreading that provides the downfall of many characters (Ned Stark, for one, who completely misreads Littlefinger's motivations).  So for the skilled "players" the question isn't who is "trustworthy" in the abstract, but rather what you can trust any given individual with, and for what reason.
1012	Dragonstoned	2013-04-09	I've heard people (Ran) saying Olenna's been watered down, is less witty etc.
She seems the same as in the books to me?
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 09 April 2013 - 09:31 AM.
1013	courtjezteruk	2013-04-09	I know there has been some ill feeling towards the Shae/Tyrion scene, but i believe this scene has planted a seed to show that Shae has some deep rooted jealousy.  I believe this scene was essential if we are going to later see her end up in Tywins bed.  I could believe that a jealous Shae would do this as revenge for whatever slight she sees Tyrion casting, especially when he marries Sansa.
But that is just my opinion
1014	morgan1028	2013-04-09	I have faithfully read the whole 33 pages of opinions, now I will give mine.  Loved The QOT and Marg, was great.  Cersei and Joff were good too, she is realizing just what a monster she made.  Tyrion and Shae, I cant stand her in the books, or in the show, but I thought it was funny when she was helping Sansa dress and going on if he touches you, blah blah, and Sansa kind of smirked and said what will you do?  Loved Thoros, I know he's not the same but his character was great and Anguy was too.  Jon Snow is one of my favs, disappointed..  Mance was disappointing as well.  Sam's scene should've been in the woods but oh well, there's still time to fix that.  Robb and Cat, there's not that much time left, to be honest I do cringe when Talisa come up.. kind of like Karstark..  And last but by no means least: Brienne and Jaime.  The fight was ok, I didn't like how she effortlessly threw him down when Vargo's replacement showed up, also felt J  was talking way too much, Jaime concentrate dammit!  Reeds were good, missed their wonderful oath.  Did a little happy dance... this is no man, it is a hound!
1015	protar	2013-04-09	I've heard people (Ran) saying Olenna's been watered down, is less witty etc.She seems the same as in the books to me?I don't get that complaint either. Pretty much all of her lines are directly transcribed from the books and Riggs delivery was just as I wanted it to be imo.
1016	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	She is wooden as a character, not as an actress.  Sansa is a repressed and confused teenager under threat for her life.  She is clumsy in all sorts of ways as she should be.+1
1017	Khal Pono	2013-04-09	in the show, Roose has been very good at establishing Robbs trust. We almost always see him by Robbs side, giving him loyal advice and he has been seemingly very acceptive of Talisa from the start (in S2 he refers to her as "My Lady" with a sincere tone) and in this episode he called her "my queen".But somehow he's ALWAYS around every time Robb and Talisa are about to get cozy, going back to every Robb-Talisa moment in Season 2 (except perhaps the wedding, though it would have been funny if Roose had been best man, or walked Talisa down the aisle).  Roose has a good poker face, but you can almost picture him rolling his eyes, or making gagging noises.Me thinks I like Jojen and Meera Reed now , their entrance was so badass /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I like them too.  I've always liked Meera, but Jojen was by far my least favorite character in the books--such a downer, always nagging and lecturing Bran and talking about how he's never wrong.  I think I like this kid a lot better.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 09 April 2013 - 10:39 AM.
1018	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	He's really tired and disheveled, but they could have handled that better.  He's too weak to properly fight her.  Although with her being able to beat Loras, she can hold her own.  I think it's a Jaime POV chapter when they fight, and he's pissed he doesn't have everything he needs, because he's confident he's better.  But with the bias of his POV, who knows if he'd truly win?Brienne's POV reflection on the fight makes it clear she thinks he'd have won fit too
1019	Stannis ftw	2013-04-09	The intro of the Reed kids was just perfect.Oh yeah? Them just appearing in the middle of the forest? "We were looking at you"? The "book journey" of Reeds was totally believable and logical. Why change it for TV, i dont get.
1020	The Monkey	2013-04-09	I made a thread about this in the General GoT forum, but it seems like the mods haven't approved it...There is a new GoT video out, introducing the new characters. There is plenty of new S3 footage that we haven't seen yet:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbI
1021	Hoo	2013-04-09	I don't understand the beef with the Shae Tyrion scene.  The scene is genuine to their relationship, and it's one of the best relationships in the show. it's prbly the only honest relationship in the show.
When Tyrion nursed his cut from blackwater, Shae visited him.  She begged him to elope with her and leave King's Landing.
They renewed their vows: I am yours and you are mine.  It was one of the most touching scenes in the show.
Remember when she yelled at Tyrion: Your Father is 500 miles away, How will he hear us?!?!?
Or, when Tyrion rushed to hear chamber after receiving a scare from Cersei when she mistakenly beat up the wrong girl.  Tyrion promissed to make Cersei pay when she least expects it.
There is genuine passion there, and I love their relationship.
1022	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	Oh yeah? Them just appearing in the middle of the forest? "We were looking at you"? The "book journey" of Reeds was totally believable and logical. Why change it for TV, i dont get.Too many characters being introduced in Season 2 for viewers who only get to see GOT once per week to realistically follow? No real need plot-wise for them to appear before then?Them turning up and knowing where Bran is in a forest fits in perfectly with Jojen's and Meera's individual abilities, they are characters that have an in-Universe justification for turning up conveniently, as one of them has powers that specifically empower him to do that
1023	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-09	It gives Rob a longer love story line, so we can both see him in love and paired for a longer time, i.e. get vicarious thrills. She isn't just a pretty girl who Rob runs into; she is a sympathetic character who is helping men to survive their wounds.  I don't think she is a spy or any such thing.  If she survives the RW, she might play a role in the future which helps knit story lines together.  I like both the character and Chaplin's grandaughter as an actress.oh yeah don't get me wrong she's a good actress I'm just such a stickler for staying true to the events in the books it's how I am, but what you said does make sense that Robb will get more time with her and she could be used later in the series thanks! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1024	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-09	I made a thread about this in the General GoT forum, but it seems like the mods haven't approved it...There is a new GoT video out, introducing the new characters. There is plenty of new S3 footage that we haven't seen yet:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbIWow..The guy playing Beric looks fan-freaking tastic...
1025	The Monkey	2013-04-09	Wow..The guy playing Beric looks fan-freaking tastic...I know. The Beric-Sandor duel looks too good to be true.
1026	Conchobar	2013-04-09	I made a thread about this in the General GoT forum, but it seems like the mods haven't approved it...There is a new GoT video out, introducing the new characters. There is plenty of new S3 footage that we haven't seen yet:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbIGreat like! Thanks for sharing.
1027	shiola	2013-04-09	I'm confused with Jojen popping up in Bran's dream.  Is it an ability Jojen has, that he could communicate with Bran in that way?  Was it a greendream that both of them happened to have at the same time?
1028	total1402	2013-04-09	Bit torn on this one. But then again it does mainly concern characters I've less interest in and we're still setting things up.
- Sansa and Olenna: I quite liked that scene and I actually thought Olenna was pretty true to the character. However I felt it was bizarre that Sansa mentioned being shown her fathers head and not "he had his Kingsguard strip and beat me in the middle of court whilst he pointed a crossbow at my head"; that kind of seems a lot more direct and to the point.
- Theon, I think the actor and the setting really captures just how terrible a fate is in store for Theon. The whole ruse about whose got him is a little bad since I ve read the books and it seems a touch bizarre since they're asking him questions they shouldn't care about. Unless their goal is sadism in which case I find the absence of a certain character telling. I would have preferred to have Ramsey introduced then rather than maintain that ruse. Also, its pretty clear that Yaras man is just a dupe to get Theon hunted down by Ramsey and recaptured. But yeah, the Bolton men dressing as Ironborn feels really forced since its pretty obvious who burnt Winterfell given that we saw the Ironborn leaving.
- Jamie and Brienne - Pretty funny and I was really surprised how much Renly is brought up in all the different scenes for the characters this episode in general. Their fight maybe went on a little longer than it should though and the two swords thing was more than a little "ehh".
-Arya- I loved Gendry being such a lad and bitching about Arya not using Jaqens deaths. Thank you so much. The Brotherhood certainly seemed colourful as did Thoros. I didn't like how the Hound recognised Arya and not the other way around like in the books. In that she runs up and screams "you killed Mica!" at which the Hound is shocked to see her. This establishes her hatred and desire to see the Hound dead from the beginning. Plus his shock is quite funny in the book. In the show hes sort of like "oh its you." and that just isn't good.
-Cersei/Margery/Joffrey-
These were quite good scenes showing the really tense relationship between them as Joffery is woefully ignorant of the need to win Margery over and his mothers warning clearly foreshadows things. Ironically we also almost see Margery try to see how things work in private and they even seem to enjoy talking about the crossbow; even if it only demonstrates further his psychopathic tendencies. So Margery is finding this out for herself. Joffery also emphasises that intelligent women do what they are told as a quip at Cersei and represents her insecurities over position which are important this series and her behavior in AFFC as well. In fact I quite like that they're setting up the Cersei vs Margery thing early on.
Cat-
This didn't really bother me the way it has for some. The bit where she talks about Jon seems pretty plausable for the character to have done. Her saying that this is the source of all their woes is a touch odd language to use. I don't see how legitimising Jon would have prevented Ned being dead or Winterfell falling.
Overall this was a very slow episode which was mainly about finishing off introducing all of the other characters and continuing to set the stage. This is something which is irritating because for a TV series you mainly just want to be able to roll through successive seasons without these slow starts where we introduce all the new characters across a dozen seperate mini-stories. Again, by introducing the Hound to Arya and getting Brienne/Jamie captured they're actually a good chunk through several character arcs. I do hope things pick up from here though.
1029	Conchobar	2013-04-09	Just wondering. Did that farmer guy who spotted Jaime and Brienne have an Irish accent or a yorkshire accent? It was really hard to tell.
1030	Frumpus	2013-04-09	-Arya- I loved Gendry being such a lad and bitching about Arya not using Jaqens deaths. Thank you so much. The Brotherhood certainly seemed colourful as did Thoros. I didn't like how the Hound recognised Arya and not the other way around like in the books. In that she runs up and screams "you killed Mica!" at which the Hound is shocked to see her. This establishes her hatred and desire to see the Hound dead from the beginning. Plus his shock is quite funny in the book. In the show hes sort of like "oh its you." and that just isn't good.I agree, but the writers really had no choice since they didn't have Harwin. Sandor was the next best thing to make the BwB realize who they had. It would have been ridiculous for Arya to burst out at Sandor on the tv show the same way in the book, because 1) that would have exposed her and 2) she's older than she is from the books so you can expect her to be a little bit more sensible/mature.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 09 April 2013 - 01:11 PM.
1031	shiola	2013-04-09	double posted on next page whut
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 09 April 2013 - 01:19 PM.
1032	Stannis ftw	2013-04-09	Too many characters being introduced in Season 2 for viewers who only get to see GOT once per week to realistically follow? No real need plot-wise for them to appear before then?Them turning up and knowing where Bran is in a forest fits in perfectly with Jojen's and Meera's individual abilities, they are characters that have an in-Universe justification for turning up conveniently, as one of them has powers that specifically empower him to do thatFor once-per week viewers, is it easier to follow a characters "natural" progression, or keep track what is possible for him/her "in-universe"? (non-book readers should have no basis for the latter estimation anyways.)
1033	shiola	2013-04-09	This episode made me realize that there are no clean mirrors in Westeros
1034	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-09	This episode made me realize that there are no clean mirrors in WesterosNah, the polishing just sucked.
1035	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	Just wondering. Did that farmer guy who spotted Jaime and Brienne have an Irish accent or a yorkshire accent? It was really hard to tell.Sounded West Country to me
1036	The Monkey	2013-04-09	Just wondering. Did that farmer guy who spotted Jaime and Brienne have an Irish accent or a yorkshire accent? It was really hard to tell.More importantly, why did a south Riverlands farmer attend a Frey wedding? Even more strange, why did Jaime take part in the wedding's tournament? It's not like the wedding would be such a big deal, requiring the presence of the Kingsguard.
1037	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	More importantly, why did a south Riverlands farmer attend a Frey wedding? Even more strange, why did Jaime take part in the wedding's tournament? It's not like the wedding would be such a big deal, requiring the presence of the Kingsguard.Jaime liked jousting, could see him going just to compete
1038	Janicia	2013-04-09	- Sansa and Olenna: I quite liked that scene and I actually thought Olenna was pretty true to the character. However I felt it was bizarre that Sansa mentioned being shown her fathers head and not "he had his Kingsguard strip and beat me in the middle of court whilst he pointed a crossbow at my head"; that kind of seems a lot more direct and to the point.Sansa didn't mention that beating in the book version of this scene, either.  I wondered why, but then decided that it was just too embarrassing for her to mention.
1039	Khal Pono	2013-04-09	More importantly, why did a south Riverlands farmer attend a Frey wedding? Even more strange, why did Jaime take part in the wedding's tournament? It's not like the wedding would be such a big deal, requiring the presence of the Kingsguard.Maybe it's one of the Frey's smallfolk, though he is a bit far from home.  I think a certain amount of smallfolk are always welcome at tourneys.  That guy could have been selling hot dogs (or blood sausage) in the stands.Also this is a callback to the scene where Jaime killed his cousin, who idolizes him after squiring for him in Willem Frey's wedding.  The gods are punishing Jaime by reminding him of the innocent kid he murdered!  Or Karma, or whatever.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 09 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
1040	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	Sansa didn't mention that beating in the book version of this scene, either.  I wondered why, but then decided that it was just too embarrassing for her to mention.Maybe she finds the emotional abuse via the murder of her relatives more damaging and a better indicator of his evil than physical abuse to herself?
1041	shiola	2013-04-09	- Sansa and Olenna: I quite liked that scene and I actually thought Olenna was pretty true to the character. However I felt it was bizarre that Sansa mentioned being shown her fathers head and not "he had his Kingsguard strip and beat me in the middle of court whilst he pointed a crossbow at my head"; that kind of seems a lot more direct and to the point.It's not about direct and to the point.  They wanted to know the truth about Joffrey, so her mind went to the most vile, terrible thing he'd done to her.  I actually think it's rather telling of Sansa's character that that is what haunts her, more than the humiliation and the beatings.
1042	Elba the Intoner	2013-04-09	Also, lots of people were at court to see Sansa beaten and the Tyrells could learn that from anyone. Sansa gives another example that most people would not have known about. Only Joff, the Hound and Meryn were there when Joff forced Sansa to look at her father's head. It's a very intimate example of Joff's cruelty.
1043	Schwoebel	2013-04-09	Meera Reed is really great in this show.  They are doing the book character justice.
1044	SeventySeven	2013-04-09	More importantly, why did a south Riverlands farmer attend a Frey wedding? Even more strange, why did Jaime take part in the wedding's tournament? It's not like the wedding would be such a big deal, requiring the presence of the Kingsguard.Re the accent: I thought it was Cockney.Regardless, I though it was ironic and quite funny that the bloke who ratted them out was the second person to remind him of that Frey wedding he attended but didn't quite remember.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 09 April 2013 - 04:00 PM.
1045	Ser Steven	2013-04-09	I believe the note to Robb did say that Bran and Rickon are dead, he was simply withholding the information from his mother to spare her more grief, and will tell her the truth of the note in a future episode. I could be wrong, though.Nah it didn't. The showed it in the interactive features. It said:to Robb of House Stark, the King in the North,Dark tidings. Arrived at Winterfell late. Theon Greyjoy and his ironmen put the castle to the torch and fled, leaving no survivorsor either Bran and Rickon. Have ordered a search of the surrounding area. Awaiting orders.Ramsey Snow, son of Roose, of the House Bolton, Lord of the DreadfortEdited to put actual text from Raven
					
					
							Edited by Ser Steven, 09 April 2013 - 05:08 PM.
1046	shiola	2013-04-09	Meera Reed is really great in this show.  They are doing the book character justice.I think so too!
1047	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	I made a thread about this in the General GoT forum, but it seems like the mods haven't approved it...There is a new GoT video out, introducing the new characters. There is plenty of new S3 footage that we haven't seen yet:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbIThe red lady meets Thoros and Dondarrion?  interesting
1048	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	The red lady meets Thoros and Dondarrion?  interestingI can't wait for the outpouring of hatred.
1049	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-09	The red lady meets Thoros and Dondarrion?  interestingI guess there's a lot of downtime in Stannis' story...Kind of odd, though. I can't fathom what the purpose would be, besides perhaps explaining the Red Priests and R'hllor a bit more, as far as resurrection and all that goes. I'm a bit anxious about that, to be honest.
1050	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	We'll just have to see how it plays out.  Why is she there and how would she get away?
1051	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-09	Re : Thoros meeting Mel - Thoros seems to be showing off Beric to her, they are examining his fatal wounds together, he is probably telling her how his R'hollor magic is now capable of animating the dead - to help establish resurrection via fire priest.
So maybe we are getting UnCat.
Re : QoT and Sansa - what QoT says to Sansa as they first meet implies they already know Joff has had her beaten, they tell her they have heard he has mistreated her.
1052	MSUMC25	2013-04-09	I've liked everything about Season 3 so far, but I can't wait for 
	Spoiler Shae to get strangled to death her character is annoying and pointless.
1053	MSUMC25	2013-04-09	Not sure why everyone didn't like the Catelynn scene regarding Jon.  I thought it was well done.  It showed regret for the way she treated Jon all those years. 
If she would of been a smart woman, and "done what she was told" as Joffery so eloquently put Ned might have lived.  Instead she arrested Tyrion and started the war of the 5 kings.
1054	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-09	Is it me or is Arya not so skinny anymore?  I'm not saying that Maise is fat or anything like that.  It just looks like to me that Maise isn't as skinny as she was.
1055	Creepy Crawl	2013-04-09	They cast the Reeds perfect. Especially Jojen.
1056	Kaiser Stormslayer	2013-04-09	I've liked everything about Season 3 so far, but I can't wait for 
	Spoiler Shae to get strangled to death her character is annoying and pointless.
You better hope. All the development of the 2 "working girl" characters has me a bit uneasy
1057	Nictarion	2013-04-09	He was there in the scene where Bran wakes up and screams. He was behind Rickon.I guess I missed him. Have to watch again.
1058	Currawong	2013-04-10	Which is an interesting choice, because from what I remember in the books he was pretty sober once he got, you know, sober and religious.  Not that I have a problem with it at all.  I'm actually surprised more people aren't up in arms over this change.  More people seem to be concerned about a non-change to Catelyn than an actual change.LOL Duke - I remain quietly amused that so many people have continually found fault with the show, right from Season 1, and yet they are still watching in Season 3  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	They criticise this and that, they say the writers have butchered certain people, or berate them about even minor deviations from the books, they wail bitterly about changes to names, plot line condensations, invented characters and scenes so on ... yet these people are still obviously watching the show despite all their objections, and the audience keeps growing!   HBO execs must truly be laughing.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 10 April 2013 - 12:49 AM.
1059	Khal Porno	2013-04-10	LOL Duke - I remain quietly amused that so many people have continually found fault with the show, right from Season 1, and yet they are still watching in Season 3  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	They criticise this and that, they say the writers have butchered certain people, or berate them about even minor deviations from the books, they wail bitterly about changes to names, plot line condensations, invented characters and scenes so on ... yet these people are still obviously watching the show despite all their objections, and the audience keeps growing!   HBO execs must truly be laughing.Yeah man, I don't get it.  When I hate something, I avoid it.  For instance if there is not a marked increase in quality in the first episode of the next season of The Walking Dead, I'm going to stop watching - and I don't have the kind of vitriol or disdain for that show that people here have for Game of Thrones.
1060	protar	2013-04-10	Ok so bad acting. Not going to try and argue that point because it will simply go in circles. I believe she's doing a good job distinguishing Shae from a common whore (or even an uncommon whore like Ros)Fair enough. Agree to disagree.Yes, how silly in a world where people are commonly killed, where the king slaughters innocent babes, where thousands of men are burnt to death in a single battle, that Tyrion would get so hung up over killing a whore he rather liked instead of his father lets say. In the books, Shae doesn't make a sufficient impact that a character so supposedly smart as Tyrion should get caught up with her. This Shae adds enough depth for it to be believable, so that in season 4 and onward, when he has issues with love and women, IT'LL BE BELIEVABLE! That's why we get so much Shae material, why she's so important (more so than Jeyne/Talisa) and why the actress is actually doing something with what was a one note character in the booksI'm sorry but you're just missing the subtleties of Tyrion's character plain and simple. He's smart about books, stupid about women. Lots of people are like that. I'm like that. It is in no way unrealistic.Killing Shae in the books affects Tyrion so much because1.) his personal kill count isn't that high. Prior to this he's only directly killed people in battle when his life depended on it.2.) He was in love with Shae. The fact that she was a whore all along and didn't love him makes it all the more tragic to me.Equally worse is laughable, and Shae gets much more screen time. It is a matter of choice. You get 550 minutes for a season, how to allocate those minutes are crucialShae gets more screentime yes. But my point is that both could have been written much better in the time they got.So Tyrion's major flaw is that he gets fucked over by women? Guess what, that's not a character flaw. If he was too obsessed with women, then it'd be a character flaw, but really Shae is the only woman (aside from his first whore yadda yadda) he's developed a weakness for. Indeed Shae keeps him on the straight and narrow rather well. Tyrion's flaw is hubris in his own intellectual talent. He thinks he plays the game better than he does, which gets him screwed over, imprisoned, and exiled to Essos. Because he believes in his own intellectual superiority he continues to indulge Shae, as she is the only person he doesn't understand. You are still assuming that Shae is entirely genuine and won't turn away from Tyrion. Really if she was genuine and turned away it would be even more emotionally wrenching. While I won't saying I know what D&D are doing exactly, I understand how their approaching this and they are doing an excellent job.Tyrion's flaw ruining things for himself because he has an unhealthy relationship with women. He also displays intellectual hubris because guess what? Characters can have multiple flaws.Tyrion is not necessarily obsessed with women in that he can't keep it in his pants. He's obsessed because he lost the love of his life early on and is looking to fill that void. He uses prostitutes for that, but once he believes he's found love again he's entirely monogamous.Really, his musings on her in the book could be read as him still not understanding her motivations. He's not so much torn up, weeping about his lost love, as thinking, "Why? I don't understand why she did this, and I'm usually so good at understanding everything. Why does a whore do what she does?"Which again is part of the entire dynamic they have, it's not the entire thing.Bottom line is that D+D have vastly simplified what was a very complex and messy relationship into a stereotypical tragic love story. The nuance has been lost imo.
1061	protar	2013-04-10	Which is an interesting choice, because from what I remember in the books he was pretty sober once he got, you know, sober and religious.  Not that I have a problem with it at all.  I'm actually surprised more people aren't up in arms over this change.  More people seem to be concerned about a non-change to Catelyn than an actual change.Thoros is an example of good adaptation because he's combining two characters, (Thoros and Tom o Sevens) into one, which creates a very vibrant character and saves screen time. That's how things should be done. Also Thoros is hardly a major character. Cat is. I think it's understandable that people are more upset at changes to Cat than to Thoros.
1062	Warhawk137	2013-04-10	Yeah man, I don't get it.  When I hate something, I avoid it.  For instance if there is not a marked increase in quality in the first episode of the next season of The Walking Dead, I'm going to stop watching - and I don't have the kind of vitriol or disdain for that show that people here have for Game of Thrones.I'm surprised you've lasted as long as you have, that show's been a train wreck for yonks.
1063	TheBlackBard	2013-04-10	I could not agree more, even if the Wights aren't still harrying them, just the battle alone should have scared the piss out of them, with everything they saw. But no its just a lovely stroll back to the Wall. No sense of impending doom, or present danger at all. It's like this has happened to them a score of times, so they just shrugged it off. Sam seems a bit terrified, but not as much as he should.Makes zero sense.Also what happened to the White Walker that was mounted and roaring about 3 yards away from Sam at the enf of the last season? are we expexted to believe he outran them? I know Edd and Grenn admit to leaving him but how did he get back to them? did the Other mistake him for a furry boulder?If you're going to leave a season on a cliff hanger at least try to answer it when we all come back to watch what happened.
1064	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	The red lady meets Thoros and Dondarrion?  interesting
	Spoiler Could give the Show precedent for Mel to know she can resurrect people which would link into the possibility of Jon being resurrected...
1065	The Mighty Conch	2013-04-10	I have no idea how they are going to convince me that Shae will betray Tyrion because he marries Sansa. She didn't seem like the jealous type at all in season 2.
I think some of the fault for lack of character development or believability can be blamed upon the pacing. They have to get through so much so quickly that they can only spend just little time with each character. And Dany wasn't even in this episode! Craziness.
1066	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	I have no idea how they are going to convince me that Shae will betray Tyrion because he marries Sansa. She didn't seem like the jealous type at all in season 2.I think some of the fault for lack of character development or believability can be blamed upon the pacing. They have to get through so much so quickly that they can only spend just little time with each character. And Dany wasn't even in this episode! Craziness.Is that why Shae betrayed Tyrion? I thought it was just because she was an opportunistic bitch who never loved him in the first place?
1067	Sun	2013-04-10	Spoiler Could give the Show precedent for Mel to know she can resurrect people which would link into the possibility of Jon being resurrected...
I doubt it. It's more likely exposition giving the viewers the background info for Catelyn's resurrection.
1068	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	I doubt it. It's more likely exposition giving the viewers the background info for Catelyn's resurrection.Just saying it's a possibility...
1069	TheBlackBard	2013-04-10	Was anyone else disappointed by Theon's torture? Vanessa Taylor wrote Garden of Bones, which contained two torture scenes that might be the most gutwrenching moments of the show so far. I'm assuming that this episode was just a warmup for what Theon will suffer later. But I had problems with the way the scene was shot. Not once did I feel disturbed while watching it. And I should feel disturbed. David Petrarca did a much better job than Minahan at filming torture, IMOI have to say I'm with you on this this.I mean I'm no sadist, but if someone's getting tourtured I think it should make you cringe a bit. It doesnt have to be graphic, the sceen in the recent "Utopia" is a great example. Not overly gory but quite disturbing.
1070	TheBlackBard	2013-04-10	So are all of Alfie Allen's scenes for the next two seasons just going to be him getting tortured? Because... rough.Man I hope so, next to Joff the turncloak is the character I love to hate the most. Flay that smug grin off his face.
1071	Brewmaster	2013-04-10	This episode was awesome. The only thing i really hated was tyrions bj...like seriously come on...how can D&D think of such an idea to add? Oh lets have tyrion get a BJ, that would be awesome and get us more viewers!No... The BJ was fairly  neccessary, IMO. Especially with the events that are going to develop vis-a-vis Tyrion, Shae and Sansa, and the aftermath of all that follows from it, we shouldn't forget that Shae is his paid for whore, no matter what he thinks of their relationship, or no mater what Shae has led the viewers to believe her feelings about him are.
1072	Ser Steven	2013-04-10	I have no idea how they are going to convince me that Shae will betray Tyrion because he marries Sansa. She didn't seem like the jealous type at all in season 2.I think some of the fault for lack of character development or believability can be blamed upon the pacing. They have to get through so much so quickly that they can only spend just little time with each character. And Dany wasn't even in this episode! Craziness.What would she of been jealous of in Season 2?
1073	Brewmaster	2013-04-10	This episode did contain a few plot holes if you think about it.1. I interpreteted that the reeds, through Jojens Warging, found out that Bran was alive. How come they didnt send a Raven to robb to inform him? if you are going to walk like hundreds of miles to find him, you might consider making that small effort aswell. What makes you think they want the fact that Bran (and Rickon) are alive known?In the books, they all quite specifically are trying to hide that fact from everybody. Sending that information to Robb doesn't help them and only runs the risk of them being alive being known.Jojen's goal never had anything to do with keeping an Heir to Winterfell alive, by the way. He only is trying to get him to the 3 eyed crow. Even if they could send a message just to Robb, they likely wouldn't, since he would probably hinder their quest, not help it. Robb & Cat wouldn't just let them go north of the wall.
1074	Janicia	2013-04-10	I know we all wanted Arya to do better in the swordfight, but I wonder if part of the point of that scene was that she needs to get Needle back?  In the books, she thinks a lot about missing Needle, but it isn't something she talks about much.  The bigger sword doesn't work for her, and now she's realized it on screen.  I'm assuming that they will keep some version of the scene with her and Sandor in the bar, killing some of Clegane's men and getting Needle back.
1075	Maxthestig	2013-04-10	https://www.youtube....h?v=x1FclOnGXowHere is my review.I LOVE ROOSE BOLTON !!!I think he is perfectly cast and should get more dialogue. Hopefully with what happens he will.Diana Rigg is great as Queen of Thorns. Perfectly cast too. As a young lasy she looks like a Tyrell.... Perfect.I'm not a major fan of Jojen yet! Although he probably will grow on me.
1076	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	even though i have always liked diana rigg, i just couldnt get over the fact that Maggie Smith was not cast for the role. She basicly plays that sort of edler female character in every Movie/TV-series she has done since Gosford Park...
but Rigg played the part beautifully, and when you think about it Maggie Smith does have a very strong posh brittish accent wich would probably be hard to hide and out of place since it would deviate from Margaery and Loras accents.
1077	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	In the extended Season 3 preview, is that Tormund climbing the wall?
So he would be attacking from the south of the wall with Ygritte?
Something seems wrong there.
1078	A_man_Is_Happy	2013-04-10	Looks like they are dragging this season. Dialogue is very weak and scenes are slow paced compared to past seasons.
1079	Dove	2013-04-10	Diana Rigg is great as Queen of Thorns. Perfectly cast too. As a young lasy she looks like a Tyrell.... Perfect.Yeah, what's great is that Diana Rigg looked a lot like Natalie Dormer when she was younger. This show is generally pretty good about casting families.
1080	Aripyanfar	2013-04-10	I have to say I'm with you on this this.I mean I'm no sadist, but if someone's getting tourtured I think it should make you cringe a bit. It doesnt have to be graphic, the sceen in the recent "Utopia" is a great example. Not overly gory but quite disturbing.Some things ping differently on different people's bodies.  Even though I've read a lot of slasher/thriller/horror/vore books I was quite disturbed by seeing  the "minor" finger-nail removal and foot-screwing done to Theon.   The finger-nail made me cringe more than the foot crushing.
1081	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-10	I know we all wanted Arya to do better in the swordfight, but I wonder if part of the point of that scene was that she needs to get Needle back?  In the books, she thinks a lot about missing Needle, but it isn't something she talks about much.  The bigger sword doesn't work for her, and now she's realized it on screen.  I'm assuming that they will keep some version of the scene with her and Sandor in the bar, killing some of Clegane's men and getting Needle back.can't wait! this scene willl be SWEET! i hope the beric & sandor fight is in episode 3 then after he kills beric they let arya leave willingly with the hound. also i belive melisandre might take the place of the woods witch & make some prophicies/visions with thoros
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 10 April 2013 - 11:42 PM.
1082	Minsc	2013-04-10	Yet the first thing Cat does when she sees Tyrion is to arrest him,No the first thing she does is try to avoid him and only arrests him after he had seen her thus compromising her safety in respects to knowledge she had known at that time.
1083	Dragon Doll	2013-04-11	I know we all wanted Arya to do better in the swordfight, but I wonder if part of the point of that scene was that she needs to get Needle back?  In the books, she thinks a lot about missing Needle, but it isn't something she talks about much.  The bigger sword doesn't work for her, and now she's realized it on screen.  I'm assuming that they will keep some version of the scene with her and Sandor in the bar, killing some of Clegane's men and getting Needle back.I felt it was more about showing that she's still just a little girl with very little experience or training.Its a lead-up to 
	Spoiler  her training in Braavos 
She's got the attitude down, but needs the skill.Don't get me wrong, i love her character, mostly coz she just keeps getting better!
1084	Minsc	2013-04-11	I felt it was more about showing that she's still just a little girl with very little experience or training.Yeah, it would be quite unrealistic if she able to hold off an accomplished battle/tournament hardened fighter such as Thoros even for a little while in how she was only received like a month's worth of training in how to fight.
1085	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-11	Yeah, half of Arya's current (non-Jaquen) deadliness is dudes not expecting the little pup has a sword. 
I cannot wait for some fiery swordplay.
1086	Khal Pono	2013-04-11	Looks like they are dragging this season. Dialogue is very weak and scenes are slow paced compared to past seasons.Interesting; others are complaining that the season is moving too fast:http://asoiaf.wester...-rushed-to-you/
1087	Currawong	2013-04-11	Interesting; others are complaining that the season is moving too fast:http://asoiaf.wester...-rushed-to-you/Then on the Goldilocks and the Three Bears principle, this probably means that the producers have got things 'just right' !
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 11 April 2013 - 02:49 AM.
1088	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	Looks like they are dragging this season. Dialogue is very weak and scenes are slow paced compared to past seasons.The thing is, not much happened in the first two episodes of S2 either, but Dinklage and Headey's acting in their dialogue scenes carried those episodes. What 3x01 and 3x02 has really lacked is good dialogue scenes, with the exception of Tyrion and Tywin in EP1, QoT - Sansa and Margaery - Joffery in EP2they should have cut the Tyrion - Shae scene in episode two and squeezed in a scene with Varys. The way the character is written and played, any scene that includes him is guaranteed to bring a spine-chilling dialogue, and since he basicly knows about most of whats going on in the story, he works as a nice "Narrator" character that ties togheter the different storylines.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 04:25 AM.
1089	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Reposting what I posted in the DOES THIS SEEM RUSHED? thread because it's relevant here as well:
Realistically, even season one feels a bit rushed at times. I know this is just whining and wishful thinking, but the first season(if they had the budget, and the actors to cast for Roose Bolton and Edmure/Brynden and all that) could've been excellent as 12 or 13 episodes.
Season two and the first two episodes of season three all feel horribly rushed and horribly slow at the same time.
Plot wise, it's all moving QUITE fast - but since they cut off SO MUCH of the meat off the bone and we're left with little to no details or discussions in show, everything feels super fast paced and individual scenes just don't FEEL important. On a lesser scale, however, individual scenes and ESPECIALLY individual character arks seem to be horribly slow, feel drawn out and overall feel like they're going no where.
It's kind of an interesting fail paradox the show has gotten itself into.
1090	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	I've liked everything about Season 3 so far, but I can't wait for 
	Spoiler Shae to get strangled to death her character is annoying and pointless.
There's no need for spoiler tags for things that happens in this book, seeing how the thread is tagged with [Book Spoilers].I agree with you in that Shae is the only character I don't like in the show. I like neither the character nor the actress but I'm still dreading the strangling scene a bit, mainly because most directors/writers don't seem to have a clue about how to strangle someone to death. To strangle someone until they pass out is actually pretty harmless.Since there's no chain to represent the office of Hand of the King I pretty much hope that he stabs her with the pin instead. That's harder to screw up.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 April 2013 - 06:36 AM.
1091	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Since there's no chain to represent the office of Hand of the King I pretty much hope that he stabs her with the pin instead. That's harder to screw up.I would much prefer a single gruesome stabbing to the heart myself. Choking is always so uncomfortable and awkward to watch in any movies or TV because it always comes off cheesy, over dramatic or unrealistic - or any mixture of the three. It's a hard thing to pull off correctly in film, I think.
1092	Dove	2013-04-11	There actually is a chain, you can see him wearing it during Blackwater. The chain or the pin could work well, though.
1093	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	I would much prefer a single gruesome stabbing to the heart myself. Choking is always so uncomfortable and awkward to watch in any movies or TV because it always comes off cheesy, over dramatic or unrealistic - or any mixture of the three. It's a hard thing to pull off correctly in film, I think.Yes, it's almost impossible to pull off correctly while maintaining drama since you need to choke someone for several minutes to make sure someone dies. After half a minute the dramatic murder attempt would start feeling boring when he's choking an unconscious person.
1094	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	There actually is a chain, you can see him wearing it during Blackwater. The chain or the pin could work well, though.Isn't that chain part of Tyrion's armor though?
1095	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	How did Jojen see the rebellion? Bran needed to eat the weirwood paste to connect with the trees.
1096	Khal Pono	2013-04-11	How did Jojen see the rebellion? Bran needed to eat the weirwood paste to connect with the trees.The show doesn't need to strictly adhere to the magical mechanisms of the books, but we can still entertain your question thusly:The paste Bran eats in Book 5 is actually ground-up parts of Jojen's body (i.e., Jojen paste).  Since Jojen IS Jojen, he is already made up of 100% Jojen Paste and doesn't need to consume himself in order to have magical powers.Thank you.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 11 April 2013 - 08:16 AM.
1097	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	The show doesn't need to strictly adhere to the magical mechanisms of the books, but we can still entertain your question thusly:The paste Bran eats in Book 5 is actually ground-up parts of Jojen's body (i.e., Jojen paste).  Since Jojen IS Jojen, he is already made up of 100% Jojen Paste and doesn't need to consume himself in order to have magical powers.Thank you.So if Jojen can do it already, why cant Bran? Couldnt Jojen just save them the trip and teach Bran himself?Jojen paste isnt true.
1098	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	The show doesn't need to strictly adhere to the magical mechanisms of the books, but we can still entertain your question thusly:The paste Bran eats in Book 5 is actually ground-up parts of Jojen's body (i.e., Jojen paste).  Since Jojen IS Jojen, he is already made up of 100% Jojen Paste and doesn't need to consume himself in order to have magical powers.Thank you.This is, hands down, the greatest thing i've read all week. I'm dying from laughter.
1099	Janicia	2013-04-11	Jojen and Bran have different, somewhat overlapping powers.  So Jojen can start to teach Bran, but Bran won't be able to master his powers with just Jojen's help. 
Jojen paste is such a dark theory. But it would be interesting to have Bran become a dark character, and maybe have the whitewalkers turn out to be less evil than we thought.
1100	Chirpy	2013-04-11	Hey, this has nothing to do with just EP302, but this season I noticed that Pyp is no longer part of the cast.  Where is that guy?  To my knowledge he didn't die off in the books (at least not this early) NOR in Season One.  Where did he go?  Did they ever explain his disapperance if he wasn't killed off?
1101	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	Hey, this has nothing to do with just EP302, but this season I noticed that Pyp is no longer part of the cast.  Where is that guy?  To my knowledge he didn't die off in the books (at least not this early) NOR in Season One.  Where did he go?  Did they ever explain his disapperance if he wasn't killed off?He's back at Castle Black so they just don't need him. Perhaps he'll be back when they return. On that note the Greatjon is a more significant absentee as he's still around Robb. They probably don't want to have too many significant roles around Robb though, as well as actors of course need to be paid.
1102	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-11	Jojen could still have seen the Rebellion in a Greendream and knew it was true,. He can't choose what he sees but what he sees is true whether it's past or future, right?
1103	Petyr Stone	2013-04-11	Hey, this has nothing to do with just EP302, but this season I noticed that Pyp is no longer part of the cast.  Where is that guy?  To my knowledge he didn't die off in the books (at least not this early) NOR in Season One.  Where did he go?  Did they ever explain his disapperance if he wasn't killed off?He'll be in season 3:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=gKLTsgWyu5A /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Petyr Stone, 11 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
1104	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-11	There's no Dalla - http://www.vulture.c...interview.html.
But Hinds who hasn't read the books, figures that there's "all this stuff with Jon Snow and his parentage! Maybe he's like Harry Potter, the Chosen One, and yet nobody actually knows." Which is interesting.
And when he was told his character "crashes parties and plays the lute" he says he can't wait for that. Does that mean he plays the lute and he can't wait to see it, or that he hasn't yet and he's looking forward to doing so because he was told Mance does it in the book?
1105	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	I can't believe I forgot to mention how awful the Night's Watch scene was. Where is the sense of dread and horror that was present in Sam's chapters? Honestly, his scene was no more tense or scary than Arya and Jaime wandering around the Riverlands.I'm so disappointed.I SO agree with this!  IMO Sam was SO shortchanged in both of these first two episodes of Season 3, as was basically all of the action north of the Wall - IMO Jon was shortchanged as well.I HATED the Cat and Talisa scene -- wanted to scream into the TV world that everything Cat said was BS -- let's say she couldn't keep her 'vows' the night she sat with Jon ... what we see from Cat is a whole lot nastier than simply not being able to keep her vows from that night.  I think Cat is actually one of the more chilling characters we run across. LOVED Jojen and Meera, though Jojen is much more assertive than I had pictured him.  And so glad they mentioned the whole Rebellion piece.  A nice set-up for us for later on. Just not fond of Shae at all - I can't watch her without returning to the knowledge of how she betrays Tyrion when testifying at his "trial".Always love to see Arya, and loved the faithfulness to the book in her telling Thoros "and company" that if they just walked on by, she wouldn't kill them. I don't like Stannis, though I realize there are very many who do.  This episode just confirmed to me why I don't like him -- unfeeling, selling himself out by allowing himself to be so manipulated by Mel.  (Did I mention I don't like Mel, either?) In spite of all this complaining, I did really really like the episode - an 8 out of 10.
1106	JamesD2020	2013-04-11	Does anyone have a bad feeling on where the novel is headed since the show has come into fruition?  I know that the show forerunners now have somewhat of a sense how GRRM will end the plot for his characters in the event (God forbid) he dies.  I mean, take a look at the NW scenes and the cries about how uninteresting they have become?  The first two episodes not concentrating on the aftermath of the white walkers attack at the fist kinda leaves me.... dissapointed on where things might eventually wind up.   I know for budgetary constraints and the time needed to effectively act out such a scene(s) could be over burdening but still, if the show doesnt truly take the undead as seriously as its discussed and illustrated in the book I think that in the end, a dramatic invasion from the north down south wont likely happen.  Maybe the white walkers are just one plot device on one side while the dragons are on another and everything else is pancaked tightly together.  I am a bit apprehensive if we will get anything epic on terms of LOTR-ROTK but for a tv premium show not to at least instill the horror of the white walkers in everything their involved in certainly plays down their threat. So if the show doesnt take that seriously is our beloved novels beyond book 5 headed this direction you guys think?
1107	Minsc	2013-04-11	I HATED the Cat and Talisa scene -- wanted to scream into the TV world that everything Cat said was BS -- let's say she couldn't keep her 'vows' the night she sat with Jon ... what we see from Cat is a whole lot nastier than simply not being able to keep her vows from that night.  I think Cat is actually one of the more chilling characters we run across.What do we see from her that is a whole lot nastier?  And how is she at all a chilling character ignoring Lady Stoneheart?
1108	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-11	Honestly I think it was more budgetary constraints, lack of will, or possibly saving all the drama for Craster's. I agree that they could have done this a little bit better. At the very least the scene could have taken place in the forrest and everyone should have been scared out of their minds about the white walkers catching them. Honestly, that was all that was needed. Don't even show the white walkers. Just have the actors sell it. However, in the show's defense they might have thought it kind of redundant to do this scene since we will get someone confronting the white walker from the S2 finale eventually.
1109	Brewmaster	2013-04-11	Does anyone have a bad feeling on where the novel is headed since the show has come into fruition?  I know that the show forerunners now have somewhat of a sense how GRRM will end the plot for his characters in the event (God forbid) he dies.  I mean, take a look at the NW scenes and the cries about how uninteresting they have become?  The first two episodes not concentrating on the aftermath of the white walkers attack at the fist kinda leaves me.... dissapointed on where things might eventually wind up.   I know for budgetary constraints and the time needed to effectively act out such a scene(s) could be over burdening but still, if the show doesnt truly take the undead as seriously as its discussed and illustrated in the book I think that in the end, a dramatic invasion from the north down south wont likely happen.  Maybe the white walkers are just one plot device on one side while the dragons are on another and everything else is pancaked tightly together.  I am a bit apprehensive if we will get anything epic on terms of LOTR-ROTK but for a tv premium show not to at least instill the horror of the white walkers in everything their involved in certainly plays down their threat. So if the show doesnt take that seriously is our beloved novels beyond book 5 headed this direction you guys think?The threat beyond the wall will be dealt with in the story. But, if you were expecting an "EPIC" showdown style battle between "all the forces of good" and "the evil" White Walkers, Lord of the Rings style then yes I think you will probably be disappointed. I'm not sure why the direction of the show would get you to think about that though- I think the nature of the books should lead you to think that.I don't think the dead can be "defeated" via a massive battle. In past ages, they seem to have been stopped by means such as the raising of the Wall. Perhaps, dragons or even magic sacrifices. I would expect a similar solution to the White Walker threat this time around, perhaps something like Bran rebuilding a new wall.I also doubt we will ever get confirmation, after the series is over, that turning back the WW's is really permanent.
1110	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	Episode 6, 7, and 8 leaked synopsises were posted on spoilertv for anyone interested. Interesting stuff.
	Spoiler 
Episode 3.06 - The Climb
Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.) 
Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden Fair
Dany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion<U+0092>s new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)
Episode 3.08 - Second Sons
King<U+0092>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0092>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.) 

Looks like we're getting 
	Spoiler  Coldhands 

					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 11 April 2013 - 06:04 PM.
1111	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	they could have done this a little bit better.A little? A LITTLE?!?!?!Seven hells, some of you guys are way too forgiving with your opinions.Also, I really don't know how I feel about those descriptions of those three eps. Some of these plots feel like they're moving way too fast, and others way too slow.
1112	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-11	Episode 6, 7, and 8 leaked synopsises were posted on spoilertv for anyone interested. Interesting stuff.
	Spoiler Episode 3.06 - The ClimbTywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden FairDany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion's new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Episode 3.08 - Second SonsKing's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan's Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.) 
Looks like we're getting 
	Spoiler  Coldhands 
LOL at the GRRM episode apparently containing the most massive plot deviation to date, at least per the synopsis.
1113	tito5601	2013-04-11	Episode 6, 7, and 8 leaked synopsises were posted on spoilertv for anyone interested. Interesting stuff.
	Spoiler Episode 3.06 - The ClimbTywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden FairDany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion's new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Episode 3.08 - Second SonsKing's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan's Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.) 
Looks like we're getting 
	Spoiler  Coldhands 
 i wonder what melisandre will tell gendry im very excited about melisandre visiting the brotherhood even if it wasnt in the books
1114	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-11	A little? A LITTLE?!?!?!Seven hells, some of you guys are way too forgiving with your opinions.Also, I really don't know how I feel about those descriptions of those three eps. Some of these plots feel like they're moving way too fast, and others way too slow.I'm reserving complete judgement until the season is done. You can give a more accurate assessment once the season is complete. Storm of Swords started off slow, so did this season. Overall it's been fine so far, but I have high expectations for the rest of the season.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 11 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
1115	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-11	Spoiler Oh dear, if Mel does tell Gendry about his true lineage, that is a MASSIVE deviation. I have a feeling that it would be something that's revealed to Gendry in the next book.
1116	Dove	2013-04-12	I'm not a raving fan that defends everything about the show, but I've liked this season so far and I'm willing to bet the rest will be great too. D&D has repeatedly gone on the record saying that it's basically their dream to bring this book to life, and I'm sure they're giving it their all.
1117	Sun	2013-04-12	Spoiler Oh dear, if Mel does tell Gendry about his true lineage, that is a MASSIVE deviation. I have a feeling that it would be something that's revealed to Gendry in the next book.
But since GRRM wrote the scene - a fact confirmed by Bryan Cogman on WiC - we can't really complain too much about it, can we. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1118	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-12	Hey guys, something to consider:
If Mel is going to be going to the Riverlands... one of two things will happen:
1.) Arya will still be there, thus Mel will meet Arya. HOW, if in any way, could this change the show's events when they reach ADwD material and Mel begins seeing "arya on a horse" and all that?
OR
2.) Arya will be gone by then, but we'll still be following the brotherhood / mel / gendry. Could this mean we follow Brotherhood till the end of the season/Lady Stoneheart? Or perhaps that we'll follow the brotherhood until Mel leaves?
Just interesting things to speculate on.
1119	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	I'm not a raving fan that defends everything about the show, but I've liked this season so far and I'm willing to bet the rest will be great too. D&D has repeatedly gone on the record saying that it's basically their dream to bring this book to life, and I'm sure they're giving it their all.I think this kind of statement is really unfair, because you're discounting the massive undertaking that this show is.  As far as I can tell, as someone who follows this kind of thing and does freelance work in video, there's never been anything like it and I doubt there will be again.Also the fidelity to the material is unprecedented.  It's the most faithful book-to-screen adaptation I've ever seen.I think the truth is that the things in the books that are most important to the producers (who are fans) have varying importance among other readers of the books (and judging from this forum alone, that variance is WIDE).That's why you have some people on here who hate Catelyn and say she's a total bitch, whereas others love Catelyn and think she's a saint.	Then Game of Thrones says she's kind of both and people flip out and say her character has been butchered, haha.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 01:56 AM.
1120	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Hey guys, something to consider:If Mel is going to be going to the Riverlands... one of two things will happen:1.) Arya will still be there, thus Mel will meet Arya. HOW, if in any way, could this change the show's events when they reach ADwD material and Mel begins seeing "arya on a horse" and all that?OR2.) Arya will be gone by then, but we'll still be following the brotherhood / mel / gendry. Could this mean we follow Brotherhood till the end of the season/Lady Stoneheart? Or perhaps that we'll follow the brotherhood until Mel leaves?Just interesting things to speculate on.It's also possible she simply doesn't see Arya and doesn't realize she's there.Or as has been speculated by others, instead of the fake Arya subplot, we'll get fake Sansa or the Boltons force Talisa to marry Ramsay.Or it could be something else entirely.  It will be interesting to see what they come up with.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 02:00 AM.
1121	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-12	Gendry to replace edric?
1122	Brewmaster	2013-04-12	Gendry to replace edric?makes sense
1123	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	Spoiler Oh dear, if Mel does tell Gendry about his true lineage, that is a MASSIVE deviation. I have a feeling that it would be something that's revealed to Gendry in the next book.
I think it is a tease.... she will tell him something vague about his future.  Otherwise it is bogus.  Fee Fii foo Fum....  I smell the Kings blood yum yum.  Mel does not have this power else they would not be able to pull the wool over her eyes with Val/Gillys babe
					
					
							Edited by jugdesh258, 12 April 2013 - 03:21 PM.
1124	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-12	I'm really loving the tv Queen of Thorns aka Olenna Tyrell, she's exactly how I imagined her in the books they really picked her actress her perfectly.  The only thing that annoyed me in that scene she had with Sansa is that they were being followed by Lannister men instead of Tyrell men.  I was really looking forward to seeing how Highgarden/The Reach in general invaded KL and the court and in the books they used that specific scene with Sansa to show it as she's being escorted by Ser Loras. Yet in the tv show all I see are Lannister men which for some reason annoys the shit out of me lol.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 12 April 2013 - 03:33 PM.
1125	Brewmaster	2013-04-12	I think it is a tease.... she will tell him something vague about his future.  Otherwise it is bogus.  Fee Fii foo Fum....  I smell the Kings blood yum yum.  Mel does not have this power else they would not be able to pull the wool over her eyes with Val/Gillys babeI don't think Mel is sensing king's blood, but in fairness, they didn't pull the wool over her eyes. She knows Jon made the switch and calls him on it when they are having their conversation outside the wall. She let the baby go anyway
1126	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-12	Spoiler Oh dear, if Mel does tell Gendry about his true lineage, that is a MASSIVE deviation. I have a feeling that it would be something that's revealed to Gendry in the next book.
I have always wondered if Gentry is actually Cersi's and Robert's kid.  If I remember correctly Cersi told Cat that she "lost" a child she had with Robert and I have always wondered if she really had a kid (Gentry) and lied about loosing him.  She could have paid off the right people or just had them all killed.
1127	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-12	I have always wondered if Gentry is actually Cersi's and Robert's kid.  If I remember correctly Cersi told Cat that she "lost" a child she had with Robert and I have always wondered if she really had a kid (Gentry) and lied about loosing him.  She could have paid off the right people or just had them all killed.No way Cersei might be a lot of things but she would bever abandon or kill her own child.  As Tyrion once said Cersei's one redeeming quality is that she loves her children, if she had a son with Robert she would love him just as much as the rest of her children.  Besides if Cersei had at least one true son of Robert's than her childs claim to the throne would have been secured.
1128	protar	2013-04-13	I think it is a tease.... she will tell him something vague about his future.  Otherwise it is bogus.  Fee Fii foo Fum....  I smell the Kings blood yum yum.  Mel does not have this power else they would not be able to pull the wool over her eyes with Val/Gillys babeNot necessarily. Mel can see Gendry in the flames and Stannis (who visited him with Jon Arryn) will either recognise the description or be shown the vision and point out that "hey that's my bro's bastard"
1129	Khal Porno	2013-04-13	As Tyrion once said Cersei's one redeeming quality is that she loves her children,That and her cheekbones.
1130	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-13	To be fair, if you really analyze Cersei(in the books, anyway), she clearly is lying to both herself and everyone else about loving her children and just uses them as puppets for her own power.
Sexing up in front of her son's corpse, keeping tommen from attending Small Council meetings, removing Joffrey from the battlefield, etc.
But that's irrelevant, if you want more on that, there's thirty pages of this discussion in the re-thinking Cersei thread. haha
1131	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-13	I think this kind of statement is really unfair, because you're discounting the massive undertaking that this show is.  As far as I can tell, as someone who follows this kind of thing and does freelance work in video, there's never been anything like it and I doubt there will be again.Also the fidelity to the material is unprecedented.  It's the most faithful book-to-screen adaptation I've ever seen.I think the truth is that the things in the books that are most important to the producers (who are fans) have varying importance among other readers of the books (and judging from this forum alone, that variance is WIDE).That's why you have some people on here who hate Catelyn and say she's a total bitch, whereas others love Catelyn and think she's a saint.	Then Game of Thrones says she's kind of both and people flip out and say her character has been butchered, haha.THIS. Thank you, sir.I adore the books but I understand the nitty gritty of what goes into a TV show. I'm not saying that because it takes a fuckton of work that viewers should "settle." Not at all. Sometimes I just think book readers get a little trigger happy. For people who've never read the books, the producers are building a bigass story, and it has to be more compact than the books. I apologize if I sound like I'm snarling at book readers--I'm not. I'm not keen on everything in the show. I just don't think changes are something to jump at until we've seen the bigger picture. Reeds, for instance. They work much better this season than they would have last season.Personally, I think compacting Gendry with Storm is a marvelous idea. The actor who plays Gendry is good and it'll ensure he has more to do. I don't think Gendry learning his lineage makes a big difference. That's just me though. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 13 April 2013 - 11:37 PM.
1132	tinyskeeveuk	2013-04-15	I get the feeling that Mel is going to create uncat, not a Thoros.
1133	Chirpy	2013-04-15	He'll be in season 3:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=gKLTsgWyu5A /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thank you SO much!  That is great he's coming back.  I didn't realize that he didn't go with them and stayed at Castle Black...I didn't remember that from the books.  Thanks for the link!
1134	Matthew Marzolf	2013-04-17	what do you want them to do ? All they can do in the snow is walk in single file, as quietly as possible, to their destination period.  Do you want to see them running ?, yelling? freaking out? Will that help them get to the wall? I always had the picture of them strung out, undisciplined and without formation during their flight. This of course contrasted with their earlier talks, prior to the Others arrival, of having the advantage of discipline vs. the sheer numbers of the Wildlings. Hell, at one point one of Sam's "brothers" takes his horse, on of the last remaining. In the book they get hit hard and don't fully regroup until they make it to Craster's. Of course, once they regroup the shit REALLY hits the fan but we'll see what happens. Aren't they also harried in the book by wights and the Other that Sam earns his nickname from?
1135	Peptalk	2013-04-20	LAST THING, so you mean to tell me that Sibel Kikel, Oona Chaplin, and the girl who plays Ygritte get billing in the opening credits, but not Gwendoline Christie?? She's still just a guest??I thought that was frickin' insane. Her part is more important than that of Oona Chaplin and Sibel Kekilli both.
1136	Ran	2013-04-07	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
1137	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	No nudity this episode per the rating info. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
1138	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-04-07	Very shocked from the story cat told Talisa. Wow so much feels for Cat right now. Also serious foreshadowing from the Great Jon. And omg Anguy is good. Shocked a bit thoros is the singer. No Tom of seven?
1139	theJoker501	2013-04-07	Where have I heard of Thoros of Myr? Is it in the first book? Or was he in previous episodes, I can't remember, but I have heard the name.
1140	perlikethefruit	2013-04-07	Was anyone else as distraught as I was when Rob and Cat discussed the "available option" of Bran and Rickon's possible survival of the burning of Winterfell?
Did I miss the part of the TV series where they learned they weren't actually charred?
(really pushing to remember this one!)
1141	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Where have I heard of Thoros of Myr? Is it in the first book? Or was he in previous episodes, I can't remember, but I have heard the name.Thoros is mentioned in the books as winning the melee at the Hand's Tourney; he is a great fighter but also a somewhat ridiculous figure, prone to gluttony and drunkenness (which is why King Robert got along with him so well) and choosing to fight tourneys and battles with a ridiculously theatrical, flaming sword.He is mentioned in the show in Season1 during a conversation between Jory Cassell and Jaime Lannister.  They are reminiscing about the battle at Pyke where "Thoros of Myr" was the first one through the gate, attacking the Greyjoys with his flaming sword.  This detail is from the books as well.Thoros is a red priest, like Melisandre although, unlike the red woman, he was not known for his piety or his seriousness.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 10:18 PM.
1142	theJoker501	2013-04-07	Thoros is mentioned in the books as winning the melee at the Hand's Tourney; he is a great fighter but also a somewhat ridiculous figure, prone to gluttony and drunkenness (which is why King Robert got along with him so well) and choosing to fight tourneys and battles with a ridiculously theatrical, flaming sword.He is mentioned in the show in Season1 during a conversation between Jory Cassell and Jaime Lannister.  They are reminiscing about the battle at Pyke where "Thoros of Myr" was the first one through the gate, attacking the Greyjoys with his flaming sword.  This detail is from the books as well.Thoros is a red priest, like Melisandre although, unlike the red woman, he was not known for his piety or his seriousness. Ok, that makes sense now, for some reason I pictured that character differently. In the first book, wasn't there a guy who stormed one of the holds with a flaming sword? Was that him?
1143	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Ok, that makes sense now, for some reason I pictured that character differently. In the first book, wasn't there a guy who stormed one of the holds with a flaming sword? Was that him?Jaime and Jory reminisce about Thoros rushing over a bridge with his flaming sword at Pyke, right before Jaime delivers a great foreshadowing line about how he doubts Theon is a good lad.
1144	theJoker501	2013-04-07	Jaime and Jory reminisce about Thoros rushing over a bridge with his flaming sword at Pyke, right before Jaime delivers a great foreshadowing line about how he doubts Theon is a good lad. It seems like he was mentioned in the book as having one arm or something like that but I can't remember. I'm reading the second book now so i'll have to wait until I get to the third to really get a feel for what is going on.(with Thoros anway)
					
					
							Edited by theJoker501, 07 April 2013 - 10:43 PM.
1145	theJoker501	2013-04-07	Was anyone else as distraught as I was when Rob and Cat discussed the "available option" of Bran and Rickon's possible survival of the burning of Winterfell?Did I miss the part of the TV series where they learned they weren't actually charred?(really pushing to remember this one!)I don't think they ever knew about the burned children, at least it did not mention it in the show that I can remember.
1146	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	It seems like he was mentioned in the book as having one arm or something like that but I can't remember. I'm reading the second book now so i'll have to wait until I get to the third to really get a feel for what is going on.(with Thoros anway)You are probably thinking of the blacksmith at the Wall, Jon Snow's friend Donal Noye who is not in the show.  He lost an arm during the Greyjoy rebellion, but Thoros didn't.  A lot of major characters fought in the Greyjoy Rebellion, including Ned and Robert of course, and Jorah Mormont.I don't think they ever knew about the burned children, at least it did not mention it in the show that I can remember.That's correct.  No one outside of Winterfell found out about that because Theon killed all the ravens in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 07 April 2013 - 10:48 PM.
1147	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	It seems like he was mentioned in the book as having one arm or something like that but I can't remember. I'm reading the second book now so i'll have to wait until I get to the third to really get a feel for what is going on.(with Thoros anway)He has both arms. He's a red priest but admittedly a terrible one. Physically I think he's a bit plump from all his boozing and hedonism, but he is still a capable fighter. He changes a bit in the third book but I won't spoil anything even though its not really plot defining.
1148	theJoker501	2013-04-07	You are probably thinking of the blacksmith at the Wall, Jon Snow's friend Donal Noye who is not in the show.  He lost an arm during the Greyjoy rebellion, but Thoros didn't.  A lot of major characters fought in the Greyjoy Rebellion, including Ned and Robert of course, and Jorah Mormont.That's correct.  No one outside of Winterfell found out about that because Theon killed all the ravens in the show.He has both arms. He's a red priest but admittedly a terrible one. Physically I think he's a bit plump from all his boozing and hedonism, but he is still a capable fighter. He changes a bit in the third book but I won't spoil anything even though its not really plot defining.That's right Donal and jon were talking about that in the book, I confused myself.I remember Theon killing the ravens also.What about The Hound, I wish I would have read ahead in the book but I told myself I wouldn't. I think when I catch up though I am going to continue reading, because the show is hard to keep up with, without all the extra info in the book.Also I think I know who has Theon captive. The contraption he's hanging on makes me think of a certain group of people who's sigil is the same shape.
1149	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	That's right Donal and jon were talking about that in the book, I confused myself.I remember Theon killing the ravens also.What about The Hound, I wish I would have read ahead in the book but I told myself I wouldn't. I think when I catch up though I am going to continue reading, because the show is hard to keep up with, without all the extra info in the book.Also I think I know who has Theon captive. The contraption he's hanging on makes me think of a certain group of people who's sigil is the same shape.What about the Hound? So far his appearance is in line with the book. Theon's captor will probably be made quite clear next week, perhaps the following week.
1150	theJoker501	2013-04-07	What about the Hound? So far his appearance is in line with the book. Theon's captor will probably be made quite clear next week, perhaps the following week.Well, since I am not that far in the books I was just surprised to see him as a captive(the Hound that is). So I am assuming that my speculations are probably wrong about Theon's captors.
					
					
							Edited by theJoker501, 07 April 2013 - 11:33 PM.
1151	Stark Winds	2013-04-08	Brienne beating Jaime was quite a satisfying scene.That's right Donal and jon were talking about that in the book, I confused myself.I remember Theon killing the ravens also.What about The Hound, I wish I would have read ahead in the book but I told myself I wouldn't. I think when I catch up though I am going to continue reading, because the show is hard to keep up with, without all the extra info in the book.Also I think I know who has Theon captive. The contraption he's hanging on makes me think of a certain group of people who's sigil is the same shape.Gosh I can't believe I can't remember this from the books. Theon killed the ravens from telling that "Bran" and "Rickon" are dead, right? Then when Ramsay burned Winterfell, Catelyn assumes that Bran and Rickon were burned to death too? Man I wish I had the CoK and SoS with me to verify...
1152	Arrow	2013-04-08	Now I'll be nervous all week waiting to see if Sansa's words about Joffrey will come back to bite her. I know the QoT and Marg swore they wouldn't, but you never know.
I'm starting to trust no one at all in Westeros just on principle, as Littlefinger counseled Ned Stark before betraying him.
1153	Turin Turambar	2013-04-08	I didn't like Catelyn's "confession" to Talisa - inconsistent with her character from the books, if I'm not mistaken...but I guess they wanted to make her more sympathetic for the TV show.
1154	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	What happened to Mance's voice?
1155	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I didn't like Catelyn's "confession" to Talisa - inconsistent with her character from the books, if I'm not mistaken...but I guess they wanted to make her more sympathetic for the TV show.In the books when she learns of Bran and Rickon's death she confesses her grief to Brienne, which of course results in a very different scene.  Brienne is awkward as always and doesn't know what to say.  "there are no words."
1156	Turin Turambar	2013-04-08	In the books when she learns of Bran and Rickon's death she confesses her grief to Brienne, which of course results in a very different scene.  Brienne is awkward as always and doesn't know what to say.  "there are no words."Indeed. And, if I remember correctly,
	Spoiler  in the chapter right before RW he even tries to persuade Robb not to make Jon his heir; so no "atonement" for Catelyn regarding her view of Jon Snow
...
					
					
							Edited by Turin Turambar, 08 April 2013 - 02:34 AM.
1157	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I thought this was the no spoilers thread
1158	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	anyone who bashes on talisa in this episode is simply a blind book-fanatic. i thought the scene where she talked about how the volantis viewed people from westeros was great, i always wondered how the free cities percieved westeros.
1159	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	the talisa - catelyn scene was one of the best scenes in the series so far aswell, imo
1160	irishking44	2013-04-08	Shae scenes are unbearable and the actress is terrible. Derp faced Kristen Stewart could do better than her and that's saying something
1161	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	Would do y'all think of Roose Bolton
1162	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Would do y'all think of Roose BoltonI love Roose! In the show and in the books.  But I imagine new viewers want to know more about this "Bastard" of his he keeps talking about.Since I shouldn't be discussing the books in this show, I'll just say I think the actor playing Bolton does a great job with Roose's coldness.  I also love/hate that EVERY time Robb and Talisa are canoodling going back to Season 2, he always happens to be there.  It's getting kind of funny.
1163	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	I love Roose! In the show and in the books.  But I imagine new viewers want to know more about this "Bastard" of his he keeps talking about.Since I shouldn't be discussing the books in this show, I'll just say I think the actor playing Bolton does a great job with Roose's coldness.  I also love/hate that EVERY time Robb and Talisa are canoodling going back to Season 2, he always happens to be there.  It's getting kind of funny.I fucking HATE Roose!!! but I will say and give credit, the actor does a fantastic job at his portrayal of the Lord of the DreadfortAnd yes that is funny how he pops up every time Talisa and His Grace want privacyThe actor who plays Roose also reminds me of Daniel Craig, they both have those deep eyes.
1164	mafalda	2013-04-08	Would do y'all think of Roose BoltonI love Roose Bolton, in the show and in the books! I agree with another poster how it's funny when robb and Talisa are canoodling, he always pops up.
1165	Arrow	2013-04-08	Jojen tells Bran quite seriously that the most important thing is him, Bran.My speculation about that is this: Could it be that in the end, that Bran is destined to become King of Westeros? Wouldn't that be something, a damaged, fey* boy who dreams of the future and wargs into his wolf, could sit on the iron throne.*fey = otherworldly, mysterious
1166	theJoker501	2013-04-08	Another question, where is Greatjohn Umber, I know he got his ear bit off in real life, but where is he supposed to be? He was Rob's right hand man now Roose  has taken over.
1167	Godlikebuthumble	2013-04-08	I know he got his ear bit off in real life /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Seven Hells! But yeah, probably trying to keep Robb's "posse" to a manageable size. Cool as the Greatjon is, with Cat, Talisa, and the lords Bolton and Karstark running around, he does seem the most expendable character. Pity, though.ETA: Did a bit of a double take at Bran's voice the first time around. Guess having your ancestral home razed has a way of kicking off puberty?
					
					
							Edited by Godlikebuthumble, 08 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
1168	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	Another question, where is Greatjohn Umber, I know he got his ear bit off in real life, but where is he supposed to be? He was Rob's right hand man now Roose  has taken over.The actor left the show after Season 1 (because he had other work) and the producers never invited him back.  I guess they figured he was a good character, but not essential.  I don't really mind this, though I enjoy Umber's character in the books.  I do wish, however, that they would have added a tiny bit of exposition explaining where he went (he's off raiding the gold mines of the Westerlands or something).
1169	mafalda	2013-04-08	Another question, where is Greatjohn Umber, I know he got his ear bit off in real life, but where is he supposed to be? He was Rob's right hand man now Roose  has taken over.I know! I loved him in season 1! I wish D&D would stop giving characters the boot.. ok, ok I know it's a large cast, it gets expensive, blah blah. He was just a much needed comic relief and was such a lively character.I won't get into the Mountain replacement or the whole killing off Irri (whatever happened to Jhiqui?). I won't...
1170	shiola	2013-04-08	Roose being all up in Roblisa's business...  House Bolton: A cock-blocked man holds no secrets.
1171	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	Now I'll be nervous all week waiting to see if Sansa's words about Joffrey will come back to bite her. I know the QoT and Marg swore they wouldn't, but you never know.What, and give up their source?There's really no motivation for them to stab her in the back, since a.) she's still useful for them by providing Margaery insight into how she can manipulate Joffrey, and b.) there's not a lot of good ways to do it that don't immediately raise a couple of red flags, if not in Joffrey's mind then in Cersei's, regarding Margaery and Olenna in the first place.  It seems to me it would be harder for Margaery to take advantage of Joffrey's... proclivities... if she simultaneously points the finger at Sansa for discussing those proclivities.
1172	Arrow	2013-04-08	What, and give up their source?There's really no motivation for them to stab her in the back, since a.) she's still useful for them by providing Margaery insight into how she can manipulate Joffrey, and b.) there's not a lot of good ways to do it that don't immediately raise a couple of red flags, if not in Joffrey's mind then in Cersei's, regarding Margaery and Olenna in the first place.  It seems to me it would be harder for Margaery to take advantage of Joffrey's... proclivities... if she simultaneously points the finger at Sansa for discussing those proclivities.Ah, thank you. Yes, that all makes sense.
1173	kevin1989	2013-04-08	Where have I heard of Thoros of Myr? Is it in the first book? Or was he in previous episodes, I can't remember, but I have heard the name.Season 1 if I'm correct. And yes he was in the first book /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But people this is the non-book topic. No talks about books. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />what did the non-book readers thing of the scene with Cat and Talisa about Jon?
1174	Arrow	2013-04-08	Season 1 if I'm correct. And yes he was in the first book /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But people this is the non-book topic. No talks about books. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />what did the non-book readers thing of the scene with Cat and Talisa about Jon?As a viewer who just this morning started the first book, I will say that I thought the scene made sense within the context of what had been told thus far in the series. Catelyn has shown herself to be a caring, very involved mother who feels things very deeply. It seems to fit in with the person/character I've come to know by watching the series, that she would blame herself for how events have unfolded, and feel sorry for how she has treated Jon Snow.I hadn't really understood why she treated Jon so badly when he came to tell the unconscious Bran goodbye, but the reasons became clear right afterward. I did wonder at times as Season 1 and 2 unfolded, why a woman who clearly adored her own children could have turned away from a helpless baby, especially since he must have been an amazingly cute little boy!I guess I just figured she must have felt terribly betrayed when her husband showed up with his illegitimate baby by another woman, but I did think she kind of overreacted for many years. So what she told Talisa kind of eased my mind about that part of it. Like, aha, so she is self-aware enough to know she should have loved him more and not been so eager to blame and scapegoat a helpless little kid/terrific young man.
1175	shiola	2013-04-08	Jojen tells Bran quite seriously that the most important thing is him, Bran.My speculation about that is this: Could it be that in the end, that Bran is destined to become King of Westeros? Wouldn't that be something, a damaged, fey* boy who dreams of the future and wargs into his wolf, could sit on the iron throne.*fey = otherworldly, mysteriousCould be!  That's definitely one possible reason they've been searching for him for a while-- maybe Jojen saw something in a dream?
1176	Nictarion	2013-04-09	Where was Shaggydog?
1177	Aripyanfar	2013-04-09	Jojen saying Bran is the most important thing: that made me think that Bran would turn out to be key in saving the world from the White Walkers.  No matter how important who the ruler on the Iron Throne is, the White Walkers are far far far more important than that.  I was really really pleased with Jojen and Meera.  Jojen looked all fey and spooky, very suitable for someone Bran met first in a magical dream. Meera was pretty and kick-arse.  I loved*   her riposte about "some men are worth protecting", given Osha's relationship with Bran.Tyrion seemed very much defeated and flat compared to his usual self, but no wonder, given what he's been through. I'm glad he's human and not a caricature. John's and Mance's scene was another reminder that it's the Walkers that matter, and that all the dire squabbling in the South is ruinously inconsequential and horrifically ironic. Poor Sam, I thought someone was going to say "We need him with us so we can eat him."!   I loved loved loved Cat's scene, where she admitted she was terribly wrong to hate John just for existing, but she just couldn't overcome her emotional jealousy with rationality. The Brotherhood Without Banners guys seemed supernatural in their tracking and weapons abilities. Incredibly impressive. I was disappointed Arya couldn't avoid getting her sword smacked out of her hand instantaneously, though. Even if it's realistic, muscle-wise, I wish she'd been able to water-dance a little to keep her sword a little longer. When she picked up her sword, I actually expected her to go for him again. The whole Brotherhood Without Banners thing made me want to see a lot more of them. I'm really worried about the Hound showing up and outing Arya. Oh! And Margery Tyrell REALLY stepped up her game as a player. On hearing that Joffrey is a monster, she delicately works her way round to insinuating to Joff that she could be a companion monster, thrilled and energized by gore and death. It was masterful manipulation, so subtly but quickly worked up to. Theon's torture was nasty, and I found it horribly abrupt. Ok, so he's pissed off all the Greyjoys and all their people. Why don't they stick a sword in him and bedone with the Greatly Despised Disappointment? I thought Theon was way overdoing the pain of being woken up with cold water, until I remembered what being in a cold, stone place is really like, and what being cold to the bone is really like. Adding ice-cold water on top of that would very likely send you into Shock. Given the poor actors being blizzarded on in Iceland, I wouldn't be surprised if poor Alfie Allen really was good and freezing by the time they threw a bucket of ice water on him. His muscular spasms were very convincing as they went on and on. Jaime and Brienne got the best scene. I was so thrilled with the fight on the bridge I was left begging by Bolton (Roose Bolton's son? bastard? other?) and his men cutting it short. What an episode cliffhanger! ARGHH.**The highlighted stuff here is copypasta from a post I made in an Off-Topic forum dedicated to MMORPGs.
					
					
							Edited by Aripyanfar, 09 April 2013 - 04:37 AM.
1178	Arianne O	2013-04-09	Was anyone else as distraught as I was when Rob and Cat discussed the "available option" of Bran and Rickon's possible survival of the burning of Winterfell?Did I miss the part of the TV series where they learned they weren't actually charred?(really pushing to remember this one!)Me too ...I dont remember the bit where Bran and Rickon were revealed to be alive, im sure in the books up until Manderley and sending Stannis to find Rickon.... all still believed them to be dead?
					
					
							Edited by Arianne O, 09 April 2013 - 09:21 AM.
1179	Arrow	2013-04-09	No matter how important who the ruler on the Iron Throne is, the White Walkers are far far far more important than that.True. That's easy to forget in all the chaos and other concerns. What was it one of the characters (Lord Commander Mormont?) said, if the White Walkers make it beyond the wall and go south, "everyone you've ever known will be dead."
1180	shiola	2013-04-09	Jojen & Bran are meant to be, guys.  The only one thing that matters-- you.
1181	Hoo	2013-04-09	that made me think that Bran would turn out to be key in saving the world from the White Walkers. White walkers are killed by burning.  Daenerys is coming. See a connection?
1182	Weeping Sore	2013-04-09	I've seen a couple non-book readers misunderstanding who is torturing Theon, thinking the Ironborn have him.  If you recall from S2, Robb's bannerman Roose Bolton sends "his bastard" to Winterfell from the Dreadfort (check the map, it's relatively close to Winterfell).  Robb said all the Iron Islanders would be spared with the exception of Theon Greyjoy.  Theon was of couse beseiged by attackers (remember the horn-blower).  The Ironborn then turn him over to save their skin.
Now, the report via Bolton says that Winterfell was put to the torch and the Ironborn fled, no one has heard from Theon, and there is no sign of Bran & Rickon.  But the X crucifix that Theon is attached to matches the "flayed man" sigil of House Bolton. 
Bolton's Bastard has Theon.
1183	Schwoebel	2013-04-09	"Where? Like in the back of a volkswagen?" - What Joffrey should have said.
1184	Khal Pono	2013-04-09	Where was Shaggydog?at ur moms house
1185	Ser Steven	2013-04-09	Where was Shaggydog?He was in the first seen when Bran awakens. He was the black dog standing behind Rickon
1186	Aripyanfar	2013-04-09	White walkers are killed by burning.  Daenerys is coming. See a connection?A Song of ICE and FIRE?  Oh yeah, I'd be all kinds of surprised if the dragons weren't used to beat the White Walkers, assuming that twisty tragedian GRRM has the White Walkers beaten.  But I presume the WW army is going to be so powerful it's going to take a joint effort to beat them back into sleep, or extinction for all time.  Being key doesn't necessarily mean you do the largest part of a job yourself.  It might take dragons AND all the armies left in the South, AND all the magicians including Worg people.  Making the WW extinct would be ideal, so maybe the dragons do the bulk of WW slaying, and Bran is key to their final death beyond sleep?Who hasn't ever speculated by now that Daenarys might hook up with someone in the West, militarily and/or romantically, by the last season?  My dream happy ending puts Daenerys and John Snow on the Iron Throne together, with Robb in the North.  Although I like Arya even better than John, so Arya and Daenerys!   But then there are three dragons, so that'd be awesome, if Arya and John got to be dragon riders.  And of course I want Bran and Tyrion on the Little Council.  Oh happy world.  I'm scared I'm not going to get it.  T.T
					
					
							Edited by Aripyanfar, 09 April 2013 - 09:54 PM.
1187	Nictarion	2013-04-09	at ur moms houseSweet. My mom got a direwolf, why didn't she tell me..
1188	theJoker501	2013-04-09	I've seen a couple non-book readers misunderstanding who is torturing Theon, thinking the Ironborn have him.  If you recall from S2, Robb's bannerman Roose Bolton sends "his bastard" to Winterfell from the Dreadfort (check the map, it's relatively close to Winterfell).  Robb said all the Iron Islanders would be spared with the exception of Theon Greyjoy.  Theon was of couse beseiged by attackers (remember the horn-blower).  The Ironborn then turn him over to save their skin.Now, the report via Bolton says that Winterfell was put to the torch and the Ironborn fled, no one has heard from Theon, and there is no sign of Bran & Rickon.  But the X crucifix that Theon is attached to matches the "flayed man" sigil of House Bolton.Bolton's Bastard has Theon.That was what I was speculating without spelling it out for everyone.
1189	Arrow	2013-04-10	That was what I was speculating without spelling it out for everyone.It's starting to come together but understand there has been a lot to process here - now that I'm reading the first book and getting near to the point where Eddard loses his head, certain details are becoming much more clear.The biggest problem for me is that now I'm starting to be really disgusted with book Sansa - she was so wrapped up in her girly dreams that she hung onto the idea of marrying Joffrey waa-a-a-a-ay too long after he started being the world's biggest spring-loaded shithead - i.e., the show of babyish cowardice in the fight with Arya by the river and the subsequent lies he told. Big red flag there but Sansa just dismissed it. Duh??? I have to keep remembering that TV Sansa now sees the danger and wants to accept the help LF is offering. Dangerous as he is, she seems to have no other options and man, she has got to get the heck outta Dodge, like NOW.As for Theon, I can't help but feel sorry for the little boy he used to be, who was taken from his childhood home - probably not a warm, fuzzy place in itself, and transplanted among people to whom he was always the "less than" person - and he's now so messed up by the fact that he's never really had any kind of complete acceptance and love in his life, despite what his sister told him - it makes me sad for him and even though he acted like an absolute idiot at Winterfell, especially the murders he committed or ordered done, I still don't think he deserves to be tortured. Brought to trial and imprisoned for his crimes, yes, but not tortured. It was a relief to see that his sister sent someone to help him escape, which next week's previews seem to show him doing.And yes, I made the connection between the bloody X banners (accurately deemed "gruesome" by Jaime Lannister) and the X rack he's tied to right now. Chilling stuff. Poor Theon, he just has had the worst lifelong luck, the kid can't seem to catch a break.These characters are something else! GRRM is an awesome writer. Reading on...
1190	Chupacabras	2013-04-12	And where is Ghost??
1191	theJoker501	2013-04-12	And where is Ghost??Ghost is with Sam and the rest of the nightwatch.
1192	Khal Pono	2013-04-13	And yes, I made the connection between the bloody X banners (accurately deemed "gruesome" by Jaime Lannister) and the X rack he's tied to right now. Chilling stuff. Poor Theon, he just has had the worst lifelong luck, the kid can't seem to catch a break.He wasn't dealt the best hand, but he created a lot of his own misfortune. But I suppose once he was sent home, there was really no way he could come out from that situation looking like a winner.  I blame Robb.
1193	Chupacabras	2013-04-13	Ghost is with Sam and the rest of the nightwatch.You<U+0080><U+0099>re right, he appears at the beggining of e1. But no more since Jon lost him.
1194	teemo	2013-04-07	So, what did you think of this scene?  I know most people hated it - but what is the point of it?  Is it to to really emphasize that connection Jon still has to the Starks and that he can be legitimized at one point?  I personally didn't like the change because it didn't feel like something that Cat would ever think, but I'm curious what others think...EDIT: here is the whole dialogue:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall.  Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox.  Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night.  So I sat with him all through the darkness.  Listened to his ragged little breathes.  His coughing, his whimpering.[Which boy?]Jon Snow.  When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him.  I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me.  So I prayed to the gods, take him away.  Make him die.  He got the pox.  And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived.  A murderer.  I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother.  A woman he didn't even know.  So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live.  Let him live, and I'lll love him.  I'll be a mother to him.  I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it.  To make him one of us.  [And he lived?]And he lived.  And I couldn't keep my promise.  And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family, it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child."EDIT: i'm quoting Francis Buck from another thread, because I think it's interesting:Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 07 April 2013 - 11:02 PM.
1195	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	It was weird while she was telling it because I thought she was making it up to like scare Talisa or something about the power of the Gods?
But then she said the child lived and how she couldn't love him and that she now regrets not being able to keep her promise.... I'm cool with it. Mayhaps, like you said, this is relevant to the larger plot?
	Spoiler  LS gives life back to JS?? 

					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 07 April 2013 - 09:47 PM.
1196	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	What the fuck have they done with Cat.
That's all I can manage right now. I'll try again later.
1197	kharma	2013-04-07	Didn't bother me, but I don't seem to get as upset about changes as some do.
1198	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-07	I was confused by the scene as it was happening, but when it ended I'm thinking it was a necessary insertion to create empathy for Cat and to create a concrete idea of what one would likely think about the Cat/John Snow dynamic since it was never actually articulated in the books.  We never really "know" about the 1st days or infancy of Jon Snow at Winterfell.  He had the Dornish Wet nurse, how old exactly was he when Ned took him away and weaned him off of the wet nurse? 
I think it makes sense in a way for the Show writers to create this scene and there's an emotional purpose for sure.
1199	ebevan91	2013-04-07	I didn't mind the scene. I think the scene was there to set up the legitimization of Jon and Robb naming him his heir. Also Jon Snow is one of the most beloved characters on the show, so maybe viewers will start liking Catelyn more, so the RW will be more devastating.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 07 April 2013 - 09:57 PM.
1200	scurvy	2013-04-07	They've got only 10 hours in the season and 500 pages to adapt.  Yet they spent half this episode with scenes made up from nothing that undermine characters and/or don't add to the story.  Very curious and upsetting.
1201	ebevan91	2013-04-07	They've got only 10 hours in the season and 500 pages to adapt.  Yet they spent half this episode with scenes made up from nothing that undermine characters and/or don't add to the story.  Very curious and upsetting.And you don't post any examples other than the Catelyn scene everybody is talking about?
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 07 April 2013 - 10:07 PM.
1202	Lord Godric	2013-04-07	I watched it and knew it would cause outrage, but I had no problem with it at all.  I'm a Catelyn fan, I understand her hatred and treatment of Jon but don't condone it obviously.  This scene just seemed to fill in one page of their long history together.  Catelyn still hated Jon after this, but had a moment of weakness.  We see her regretting what she said to Jon later in GoT, so I don't think it's unreasonable or out of character for her to have had previous moments of weakness with Jon.
1203	tito5601	2013-04-07	i think it was a good scene i read the books and i still think it was a good scene
1204	Broken Fox	2013-04-07	I liked the scene. It was completely in line with Catelyn's character and her attitude towards Jon. Don't understand the hate at all.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 07 April 2013 - 10:15 PM.
1205	StannisWins	2013-04-07	I thought it was an excellent scene. TV shows play for different emotional payoffs than books, so this worked well for me.
1206	oakenhelm	2013-04-07	I agree with the OP that this may have been another scene that is revealing things to come that we just don't know about yet. I think us book readers are going to have to get used to the idea that it will be the show spoiling the books
I understand the show operates in its own universe, but I don't imagine the major storylines to be drastically changed.
1207	A Winters Summer	2013-04-07	Thought it was good. I had more of a problem with the Shae and Tyrion scene really.
1208	Israel	2013-04-07	What the fuck have they done with Cat.That's all I can manage right now. I'll try again later.haa, you havnt seen anything yet , they are forshadowing her character
1209	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-07	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?
1210	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-07	Oh, and the scene was awful. They are butchering her character.
1211	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-07	It's a different tone of Cat than the book ever utilizes, and in that sense, yes, it's a departure. I think the accusations of character assassination are a little drastic, though. She wished he was dead, he almost died, she felt guilt over it and promised she'd do better -- she never did...cue more guilt. It sounds like the ups and downs of a complicated relationship. Hate is a tricky thing. Some days, you feel entitled to it, and others, you wonder if you're the asshole.I just read Ran's review of the episode, and he notes the idea that Cat would ever fathom a mothering role with Jon is the real problem. Forgive me if I'm missing the point. While I always eagerly anticipate and value Westeros' reviews above anyone else's, I still don't see a problem. I think Cat promising to be the mother Jon never had was akin to making any other number of grandiose promises when in a fit of guilt. It's just the lengths we go to in those moments. At the end of the day, Cat never followed through on any of her promises, and I think that's the point. We all go to different extremes in fits of hatred and guilt, but when those fits are over, we all tend to nestle back into our comfort zone. And, for Cat, she never had any want/need nor did she ever feel any obligation to mother Jon -- it was just words a guilt-stricken girl said to appease her Gods..."He has no mother, I will be his mother! Just don't take him!"
1212	WTFSalami	2013-04-07	Adding another dimension to the relationship between Jon and Catelyn before she gets the news that Robb is naming him heir.
1213	Howdyphillip	2013-04-07	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.
This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.
The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.
1214	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	How is this a character assassination? Cat still hates Jon Snow, and she admits that to Talisa.
I'm not seeing this as a major deviation at all.
1215	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	How is this a character assassination? Cat still hates Jon Snow, and she admits that to Talisa.I'm not seeing this as a major deviation at all.The deviation is that she would ever consider him becoming a Stark and mothering him as if he were her own, but I have no problem with if since it was desperate guilt and she doesn't actually go through with it anyways.
1216	Ser Farbod	2013-04-07	Didnt bother me at all.  Im sure even book Cat would have some struggles all those years she lived with Jon.  She's not gonna have a monotone hate for him for 14 or so years (longer in the show).  No problem at all with that scene.  In fact it shows her humanity.  That even though she didnt want him to die, she couldn't bring herself to love him or see him as family.  Honestly, the more I think about it, the more I like the addition.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 07 April 2013 - 10:46 PM.
1217	Zman1863	2013-04-07	The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.That's the biggest problem I have with it also. They tend to magnify Catelyn's mistakes on the show. The reader knows a lot of the mistakes Cat makes as she makes them, because the reader has inside information. But in general, she's a prudent person who makes decent decisions with the information she has. She might be the cause in fact of many of the war etc. but her heart was in the right place, and she certainly isn't being punished for resenting the presence of Jon Snow.
1218	irishking44	2013-04-07	To me it was her just lamenting after losing her other sons that if she had shown an inkling of kindness to Jon in essence she could have had another son to ease the pain of losing Bran and Rickon
1219	Oakenfist	2013-04-07	The deviation is that she would ever consider him becoming a Stark and mothering him as if he were her own, but I have no problem with if since it was desperate guilt and she doesn't actually go through with it anyways.Yes she had that thought for one night of prayer because she felt responsible for a sick infant. As you said it's desperate guilt so she doesn't have to feel guilty about the possible death of this sick child, which completely makes sense for her character. And I'd imagine that it actually became a lot easier to hate Jon as he grew older into a young man.
1220	Ampris	2013-04-07	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.I don't see all the confusion with the jump from guilt over not keeping a promise to the gods and being convinced that everything that happened was all her fault because of it. Someone who is really religious, who really believes, will think divine punishment is completely reasonable.
1221	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Yes she had that thought for one night of prayer because she felt responsible for a sick infant. As you said it's desperate guilt so she doesn't have to feel guilty about the possible death of this sick child, which completely makes sense for her character. And I'd imagine that it actually became a lot easier to hate Jon as he grew older into a young man.Not to mention a man who looked and acted more Stark than any of her sons.
1222	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	I don't really mind the whole scene. I don't see why is so bad or "character assassination" either.
So, Cat founds out about Jon and she got mad that her noble husband fathered a bastard. Considering that Ned's mainly feature is precisely his honour, I only can imagine how humiliating that should have been for her. Makes sense she wished the kid to "die" or "go away", until the baby got really sick and she felt guilty because she's not Robert Baratheon to feel threatened by a baby and want him dead. When the baby started to become a man, then she resented him again, as she saw him as living proof of Ned's disgrace (who actually looks more like Ned than her own children) and a threat for her older son's right claim to Winterfell: so, she broke her promise.
1223	Peko	2013-04-07	I had no problem with the scene whatsoever and even liked it.  So Cat wanted to try and love Jon for Ned's sake and knew that it wasn't Jon's fault?  And ultimately she couldn't bring herself to do it?  Yeah, nothing to see here folks, move along.
					
					
							Edited by Peko, 07 April 2013 - 11:06 PM.
1224	teemo	2013-04-07	I added the script in the OP.Can someone please explain why they think Catelyn blames all of the horrors that came to her family on not taking care of Jon Snow?  She thinks it's karma...or what?  I don't understand that.  I've bolded the parts that I can't ever imagine Cat saying/thinking:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breathes. His coughing, his whimpering. [Which boy?] Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live, and I'lll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it. To make him one of us.
1225	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	I added the script in the OP.Can someone please explain why they think Catelyn blames all of the horrors that came to her family on not taking care of Jon Snow?  She thinks it's karma...or what?  I don't understand that.  I've bolded the parts that I can't ever imagine Cat saying/thinking:Not actually "karma" but the gods punishing her for breaking her promise to love the kid and now, they're punishing her by taking her kids away.
1226	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	I added the script in the OP.Can someone please explain why they think Catelyn blames all of the horrors that came to her family on not taking care of Jon Snow?  She thinks it's karma...or what?  I don't understand that.  I've bolded the parts that I can't ever imagine Cat saying/thinking:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breathes. His coughing, his whimpering. [Which boy?] Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live, and I'lll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it. To make him one of us.Didn't she say later that she didn't keep her promise to the gods? But yeah, I don't get what not loving Jon has to do with the situation the Starks are in now.
1227	StannisWins	2013-04-07	You have to remember too, that Cat just lost her husband, her home, her father, and has no idea where her daughters and youngest sons are. She's a mess and it's important to show that. So if her speech didn't make 100% crystal clear sense, that's ok, because nothing any of us said probably would have either.,
					
					
							Edited by StannisWins, 07 April 2013 - 11:13 PM.
1228	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-04-07	I agree with the OP that this may have been another scene that is revealing things to come that we just don't know about yet. I think us book readers are going to have to get used to the idea that it will be the show spoiling the booksI understand the show operates in its own universe, but I don't imagine the major storylines to be drastically changed.hallelujah.. glad someone understands... live with the changes and know that the main story lines will still end the same its the journey that HBO may tweak... great scene BTW and definitely a foreshadow for the future.
1229	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-07	Also, her arts and crafts project was a nice callback to season one, where she was making it during her scene with Jon. It's somewhat ironic, considering.
1230	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	You have to remember too, that Cat just lost her husband, her home, her father, and has no idea where her daughters and youngest sons are. She's a mess and it's important to show that. So if her speech didn't make 100% crystal clear sense, that's ok, because nothing any of us said probably would have either.,Actually, it does make sense she's saying all that after she has lost all of her kids and husband: she believes is because she failed accepting Jon as a Stark and a son of hers, as she promised, the Gods are taking her family away. As far as she knows, the only son she got left is Robb and if he dies, the only Stark alive would be Jon. It makes sense the Gods would kill all the Stark kids except the bastard she couldn't love.
1231	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	I added the script in the OP.Can someone please explain why they think Catelyn blames all of the horrors that came to her family on not taking care of Jon Snow?  She thinks it's karma...or what?  I don't understand that.  I've bolded the parts that I can't ever imagine Cat saying/thinking:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breathes. His coughing, his whimpering. [Which boy?] Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live, and I'lll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it. To make him one of us.Ok I was feeling a lot better about it and then this just reminded me why I didn't like it. Damn.
1232	Chuck88	2013-04-07	That bit at the end where she alluded to her not caring for Jon being the reason for the peril her family was in now was a bit confusing.
But other than that, I had no problem with this scene at all. She still hates Jon, she still claims she always did. She just panicked and felt immensely guilty when she thought she was responsible for Jon's impending death. She even says herself, she didn't keep her promise, she still hated him.
If this is the biggest deviation we get from the books all series, I'll be thrilled with that.
1233	wolverine	2013-04-07	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.I agree.  The scene did not bother me at all, except for Catelyn feeling guilt about her arrogance.  That seems out of character for her.
1234	cybobbie	2013-04-07	It was strange to watch, but since Cat from the show is so far from Cat from the show in many aspects for a while now, I don't get too upset about it, not anymore. I mean I've decided a while ago to stop comparing them. I just hope that somehow they make sense for Cat from the show role in the story, because at the moment I'm lost on what they will do about the character.
1235	teemo	2013-04-07	It doesn't feel very "Tully-like" and characteristic of Cat at all to call herself a murderer and "the worst woman who ever lived" because she wasn't so happy about having a bastard...Cat was probably nice compared to most highborn women who have to deal with their husband's bastards.  Cat let Jon eat in the dining hall, become close to her children...I can understand some of that monologue but I think they went too far when she started calling herself a murderer.  True, she's grief stricken, but that's just weird...
1236	wolverine	2013-04-07	I added the script in the OP.Can someone please explain why they think Catelyn blames all of the horrors that came to her family on not taking care of Jon Snow?  She thinks it's karma...or what?  I don't understand that.  I've bolded the parts that I can't ever imagine Cat saying/thinking:She doesn't.  She blames it on not keeping a promise to the Gods.
1237	wolverine	2013-04-07	It doesn't feel very "Tully-like" and characteristic of Cat at all to call herself a murderer and "the worst woman who ever lived" because she wasn't so happy about having a bastard...Cat was probably nice compared to most highborn women who have to deal with their husband's bastards.  Cat let Jon eat in the dining hall, become close to her children...I can understand some of that monologue but I think they went too far when she started calling herself a murderer.  True, she's grief stricken, but that's just weird...She felt guilty because she prayed for an innocent baby to die because she was jealous of the mother, not because she "wasn't so happy about having a bastard."She let him eat in the dining hall?  So he was treated like a medieval hound?  Thats nice.
1238	UselessOpinion	2013-04-07	I think they're just trying to make it easier to sympathize with a character that's difficult to sympathize or empathize with. It's like what they tried to do with Tywin and Jaime's being dyslexic, but it didn't do it for me.
1239	teemo	2013-04-07	She felt guilty because she prayed for an innocent baby to die because she was jealous of the mother, not because she "wasn't so happy about having a bastard."She let him eat in the dining hall?  So he was treated like a medieval hound?  Thats nice.sorry, didn't mean to upset you...I'm just confused by the scene and trying to understand it.  I took from the books that she was pretty generous compared to most, where bastards were just simply kicked out and live anonymously some place not so great...weren't some people in the books shocked that Jon Snow was allowed to eat with the family?  That's why I mentioned that..
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 07 April 2013 - 11:27 PM.
1240	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	Cat was probably nice compared to most highborn women who have to deal with their husband's bastards.  Cat let Jon eat in the dining hall, become close to her children... Does Cat have the power to allow Jon do or do not do anything? Because I've always thought that Jon being raised like a real Stark was something Ned ordered since he got there: being taught, trained and treated like a real brother of Robb's. What was Cat going to do? Leave? Take Robb with her and return to Riverrun? Remember that Cat thinks in book 3 about always doing what she's expected to do: she wouldn't argue with her husband about what to do with the boy he brought home and asked to be educated as he also has his name. That's pretty much the point of her resentment too: she doesn't know why Ned would treat his bastard like this, and probably she could have thought he did because she still loved the mother.
1241	NedStark2013	2013-04-07	The thing is I hope Show Wise Jon in the change would not take Winterfell Airship from Sansa, Arya Bran or Rickon for It would seem like Jon is more loyal to his kin then his Stark Ken is to him. Also Jon likely show wise sees no problem with Tyrion for they had this bond thing at the Wall. I know in the books he does except it but forget why or who he thinks is the air. But my point is I'd like to see Him Show wise be more conflicted in maybe conisdering taking the airship. But ultimately showing Sansa a bit more praise then Robb or Cat did.
					
					
							Edited by NedStark2013, 07 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
1242	UselessOpinion	2013-04-07	sorry, didn't mean to upset you...I'm just confused by the scene and trying to understand it.  I took from the books that she was pretty generous compared to most, where bastards were just simply kicked out and live anonymously some place not so great...weren't some people in the books shocked that Jon Snow was allowed to eat with the family?  That's why I mentioned that..I don't even think it was that Ned had a kid with another woman. I think it has more to do with Jon being a spitting image of Ned and her kids (minus Arya and Rickon) not so much. Jon's presence was a constant reminder of something she couldn't give Ned. At some point int he books I think she went into some spiel about how she could forgive Ned having a bastard or twenty bastards, but that the reminder of Jon itself is what ticked her off. The difference in ages between Rob and Arya is like what? 8 years? Imagine having to see your husbands bastard that looks just like him for 8 years.
1243	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-07	I thought the scene was amazing!  I really don't see why there's all this outrage.  Cat was clearly guilty about the way she treated Jon Snow by the end of her living arc in the novels.  Obviously the tv series can't show all of Cat's thoughts and emotions in the same way the books can, and they only have 10 episodes per season.  So they make these powerful over the top scenes that might be somewhat different than the books, and probably even a little too over the top compared to the books, but they have to do that to get the characters point/idea across in a single scene, as oppose to several pages/chapters that the books would normally give us.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 07 April 2013 - 11:40 PM.
1244	wolverine	2013-04-07	sorry, didn't mean to upset you...I'm just confused by the scene and trying to understand it.  I took from the books that she was pretty generous compared to most, where bastards were just simply kicked out and live anonymously some place not so great...weren't some people in the books shocked that Jon Snow was allowed to eat with the family?  That's why I mentioned that..Don't know what in my post indicated I was upset, i'm not.  I bolded part to show the difference between your reasoning and the actual reasoning.Some people legitimized their bastards too.  I don't know how generous she was by not defying her husbands command and kicking him out.
1245	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	Imagine having to see your husbands bastard that looks just like him for 8 years.OT: There is an old saying in my country, that denied  bastards are always the vivid image of their fathers. Incredibly enough, I've actually seen that: kids whose fathers swear in name of every possible God they didn't father them being the exact image of them.
1246	teemo	2013-04-07	Don't know what in my post indicated I was upset, i'm not.  I bolded part to show the difference between your reasoning and the actual reasoning.Some people legitimized their bastards too.  I don't know how generous she was by not defying her husbands command and kicking him out.yeah, you're right.  what i wrote is pretty much idiotic and unfounded then...thanks for the clarification /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1247	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	I think they're just trying to make it easier to sympathize with a character that's difficult to sympathize or empathize with. It's like what they tried to do with Tywin and Jaime's being dyslexic, but it didn't do it for me.I don't think Cat is unsympathetic at all.
1248	UselessOpinion	2013-04-07	I don't think Cat is unsympathetic at all.I didn't say unsympathetic though /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />I'm not on these boards as much as I'd like, but I think the general consensus is that people don't like Catelyn a great deal. There may be a poll... I don't know. I imagine a lot of people see her reactions as being irrational and very knee jerk which makes it hard for people to sympathize with her in light of all the negative consequences they tend to have. I see her actions and I understand them (or try to) but even then it's difficult for me to give her a pass.
1249	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	I don't think Cat is unsympathetic at all.Need I quote my "Catelyn is a pure villain" argument once again?
1250	StarkBlack21	2013-04-07	I have a feeling the internet will explode at the end of the season. I don't think we'll be getting Uncat or an Undead Cat. I think NYMERIA will save her. And she will be found and live, and just be scarred. When you really think about it, Cat can be scarred and vengeful, and it really doesn't change anything storywise.
1251	queenbeesteph	2013-04-07	It's a different tone of Cat than the book ever utilizes, and in that sense, yes, it's a departure.  She wished he was dead, he almost died, she felt guilt over it and promised she'd do better -- she never did...cue more guilt. It sounds like the ups and downs of a complicated relationship. Hate is a tricky thing. Some days, you feel entitled to it, and others, you wonder if you're the asshole. Cat still hates Jon Snow, and she admits that to Talisa..You have to remember too, that Cat just lost her husband, her home, her father, and has no idea where her daughters and youngest sons are. She's a mess and it's important to show that.Actually, it does make sense she's saying all that after she has lost all of her kids and husband: she believes is because she failed accepting Jon as a Stark and a son of hers, as she promised, the Gods are taking her family away. As far as she knows, the only son she got left is Robb and if he dies, the only Stark alive would be Jon. It makes sense the Gods would kill all the Stark kids except the bastard she couldn't love. I believe you guys have nailed this scene!  The one child, the ONE child, she cannot love is, quite possibly the only hope of carrying on the Stark name - and yet, she wouldn't let him have that name - even though she had promised.  She has been on a very, very long journey and has, like stated,lost her husband, her father, warned her eldest son not to make the Freys his enemy and yet he did, she's been betrayed,she's been put in chains by her son, knows Sansa's held prisoner, has no idea where Arya is, etc... She's had time to reflect and as a mother knows that she should hold nothing against that baby, it wasn't the baby's fault he was born under the conditions he was, and she should pity that baby, but she just cannot - that baby (Jon) represents EVERY SINGLE THING that has gone wrong - she broke her word to her gods and her husband and these are the repercussions of that (in her mind).  It was a great scene!  It leaves us wondering what's next... and that's fantastic!
1252	wolverine	2013-04-07	I have a feeling the internet will explode at the end of the season. I don't think we'll be getting Uncat or an Undead Cat. I think NYMERIA will save her. And she will be found and live, and just be scarred. When you really think about it, Cat can be scarred and vengeful, and it really doesn't change anything storywise. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1253	Rouge et Bleu	2013-04-08	My initial reaction when she said "Jon Snow" was all like, "WTF!?" However, the more I thought about the scene (and rewatched it several times) the more I enjoyed it. At the end of the monologue it still came back to her being unable to love Jon because she wasn't his true mother and represented Ned's greatest act of infidelity to her. I agree with several other posters on this thread who commented upon the extreme thoughts we often have in moments of overwhelming guilt / anguish / anger. Cat made a promise in a moment of guilt, and it was one that deep down she probably knew that she could never fulfill. This was not a "character assassination" by any stretch of the imagination. It was an insight into Cat's emotions at the absurdity that has befallen her family since Ned became the King's Hand and a sense of shame at her own actions. Nobody can hate a child for their entire existence, and there had to have been moments in book Cat's life where she questioned her feelings towards Jon. I think that this brought those unspoken moments to life. Also, as many astute posters have already pointed out, this was a great moment of possible foreshadowing for the series ala Jon's potential legitimization by Robb, and inducing sympathy for Cat pre-RW. Plus the scene was incredibly well acted.
					
					
							Edited by Rouge et Bleu, 08 April 2013 - 12:07 AM.
1254	queenbeesteph	2013-04-08	^Well written, Rouge et Bleu! I agree!
1255	go joff go	2013-04-08	Personally I think this was just a setup scene for Robb naming Jon his heir, and that the hand wringing is kind of a wierd response to the scene.
1256	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-08	I'm not the biggest fan of Cat's character in the book series so I really appreciate the different angle they are trying to give her here. I'm not sure what kind of role this conversation may play, but I think it shows that despite her hatred, she wishes she could have brought herself to love Jon Snow. She feels somehow responsible for the atrocities that have fallen on her family's house.
1257	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	I know its hard for some people but you really do have to stop comparing it to the books.This is my first season watching through the veil of the books and it definitely is a different perspective but honestly so far its been better than half of last season already (reading he books kinda diminished it for me because ACOK was so much better than season 2) but its only going to ramp up from here.
1258	dtones520	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?Because she feels like the gods are paying her back for how horrible she treated Jon as a child and for wishing death upon him. I don't get how this scene is further butchering Catelyn? She is talking with Talisa about how she hated the thought of Jon so much that she prayed for him to die, he got the pox, she is like "holy shit, I didn't really mean that, I'm a horrible person", prays for him to live and vows that she will raise him as her own to help,bring him back and then once he is better, she spits in the gods face and treats him like shit for the rest of their time together.How is that any different than book Cat other than us getting one brief story about how she didn't hate Jon for a couple days? Show Cat is a mother who is trying to protect her children and family and feels like everything she does is making things worse and is grief stricken because of this. How is that sooooo different than book Cat?
1259	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?You must remember that they are a superstitious people that believe the gods control their fate.
1260	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Because she feels like the gods are paying her back for how horrible she treated Jon as a child and for wishing death upon him.I don't get how this scene is further butchering Catelyn? She is talking with Talisa about how she hated the thought of Jon so much that she prayed for him to die, he got the pox, she is like "holy shit, I didn't really mean that, I'm a horrible person", prays for him to live and vows that she will raise him as her own to help,bring him back and then once he is better, she spits in the gods face and treats him like shit for the rest of their time together.How is that any different than book Cat other than us getting one brief story about how she didn't hate Jon for a couple days? Show Cat is a mother who is trying to protect her children and family and feels like everything she does is making things worse and is grief stricken because of this. How is that sooooo different than book Cat?I don't know. Characters aren't robotic, there is no way at some point Cat felt some tenderness or mercy for the poor kid, specially being a baby. I always thought that, during Ned's pov in GoT, when she asked him about his origin, she could have been more open about loving him or accepting him if she had known about it. It's the whole mystery what put a wall (heh) between them.
1261	kingkiller	2013-04-08	I think it's a bit ridiculous to assume that throughout the 15-16 (probably more in the show) years that Jon Snow lived at Winterfell that Cat never felt sorry for him once.
Ever hear the expression, "I wouldnt wish that on my worst enemy?"  Well that is all this scene is really portraying.  Cat as a mother felt sympathy for a sick and dying boy with no mother.  If you feel like that betrays who Cat is then I don't know what to tell you.
All the stuff about being a mother to him and making him a Stark... well obviously that was all fantasy since she went right back to hating him once he got better.  Are you telling me that you guys have never considered making a conscious effort to change your attitude towards a person?
Just seems to me that a lot of supposed Cat lovers would rather have her relationship with Jon remain a one-note unwarranted hatred rather than something she actually does feel guilty about.
1262	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	I think it's a bit ridiculous to assume that throughout the 15-16 (probably more in the show) years that Jon Snow lived at Winterfell that Cat never felt sorry for him once.She did ask Ned about him, I doubt it was just plain curiosity about the mother. Had Ned said something like "yes, I felt tempted by some woman, and Jon is the consequence", maybe Cat could have been a bit more accepting or at least less resented towards the kid. It was Ned's stark - npi - answer that completely killed any intention of caring for the child: as far as young and newlywed Cat knew, Ned brought him home because he reminded him of his only true love, or the mother was still alive and Ned was just taking care of Jon until the time they got together again.
1263	Haymaker	2013-04-08	Have no problem what so ever with this scene and liked it.  I think it actually adds to the character.  In real life we would equate this emotion as "Catholic guilt" and it works perfectly with the religion Cat follows, which is equated to christianity basically.
I personally don't think she's all that different from book Cat.  She's just not as fleshed out as in the books due to time, leading to shortcuts taken in her story.  Disclaimer, I was never a big fan of Catelyn in the books to begin with, so maybe thats why I don't get the hate toward tv Cat and especially this scene.
1264	Lily Valley	2013-04-08	I appreciated this scene like all of the ones we have gotten from Margaery.  The scene breaks to the wall and then a mirror of the pilot with Bran trying to shoot an arrow and all of his brothers there with Jojen's first appearance. This is really good editing.  I don't think this is an accident.This is Cat's whole relationship with John in a nutshell and a curse on the Starks (ala hollywood) but still good data.
1265	kingkiller	2013-04-08	She did ask Ned about him, I doubt it was just plain curiosity about the mother. Had Ned said something like "yes, I felt tempted by some woman, and Jon is the consequence", maybe Cat could have been a bit more accepting or at least less resented towards the kid. It was Ned's stark - npi - answer that completely killed any intention of caring for the child: as far as young and newlywed Cat knew, Ned brought him home because he reminded him of his only true love, or the mother was still alive and Ned was just taking care of Jon until the time they got together again.Cat having those fears early in their marriage totally makes sense, but Ned proved to her time and time again that he was true to her.  She still took it out on Jon and not Ned.  I mean I'm sure there were nights where she might have told Ned "I'm too tired" or to go sleep in the godswood because of him being good to Jon, but for the most part she completely got over Ned's infidelity.  It was a non-factor in their marriage.  Any fears she had early on turned to dust, yet she still hated Jon.  It's not fair that she forgave Ned but hates Jon for something he had no part in, and she knows it.
1266	bluemoon	2013-04-08	Didn't bother me, but I don't seem to get as upset about changes as some do.This ^^
1267	Faint	2013-04-08	My first thought as I was watching the scene was how this would affect the future scene concerning Robb's will, provided they include it in the show. Will Catelyn still be opposed?
1268	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Cat having those fears early in their marriage totally makes sense, but Ned proved to her time and time again that he was true to her.  She still took it out on Jon and not Ned.  I mean I'm sure there were nights where she might have told Ned "I'm too tired" or to go sleep in the godswood because of him being good to Jon, but for the most part she completely got over Ned's infidelity.  It was a non-factor in their marriage.  Any fears she had early on turned to dust, yet she still hated Jon.  It's not fair that she forgave Ned but hates Jon for something he had no part in, and she knows it.I understand, but it's easier to forgive Ned as he, as you said, proved himself to never "fall" again, while all her negativity was targeted towards Jon, who was a walking reminder of what "Ned did".I think it's not only that, though. One of Jon's memories of his childhood is to have innocently hinted that he was Lord of Winterfell and Robb saying he would never be because he's a bastard. They were about five years old, so, Cat's mind was maybe still worried about Jon being a threat to Robb's claim, even when there is nothing for her to fear. Or, it was Cat's way to remind young Jon that although Ned treated him like a legitimate son, he wasn't nor would ever be. This I can understand, I can understand Cat not wanting to share what belongs to her natural children with some boy she had no idea where he came from, specially if at some point, Ned could have casually mentioned to legitimize him.Also, this is in the app, but it says that Cat and Robb arrived Winterfell after Ned and Jon. I can imagine Cat, being all exited about showing Ned their son for the first time, while Ned was already there with a baby who looked more like him than his legitimate son. Let's use a bit our imagination: Ned orders that the kid should be treated like he's a Stark, everybody gets crazy with a baby who probably was a miniNed, and Cat arrives with a baby who is a Tully. People talk and make awkward comments or remarks.
1269	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-08	It's not character assassination, but it wasn't a good scene either. Catelyn did wish Jon dead in the books, but in an atypically stressful moment. The show made it seem like she wanted Jon dead all the time, which just sounds like fanboy hyperbole. Also the books never make Catelyn apologize all that much for her inability to accept, much less be a mother to Jon. This is because Martin fundamentally believes that Catelyn was put in unfair situation, even if she didn't handle it perfectly, and her refusal to let go of her anger is much like Sansa's refusal to kneel at her wedding (why should she, when nobody cares about her feelings?). The show makes no acknowledgment about how the situation was unfair to Catelyn and how that informs her anger. The show thinks it's just about Catelyn being a jealous insecure little wife, and doesn't ever acknowledge that most women in Westeros are not even asked by their husbands to raise their illegitimate children in the first place. The show's MO is, if she's humble enough then boys will like her. I'm not here for that.
For all the good things the show does, it's handling of Catelyn Stark is not one of them.
1270	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	It was awful. It's obvious why they did it, with Robb's legitimising of Jon to follow but, wow, it was a mess. As far as I'm concerned the scene with Robb & Jon in S1E2 was all they needed as foreshadowing leading up to Robb legitimising him. We saw, for a brief moment, how close they were.
1271	Delmas	2013-04-08	I enjoyed the scene, much better than the shae scene
1272	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	Definitely enjoyed the scene, it wasn't nearly as bad as people feared. I think people are carrying their book!Cat prejudices to the show, and seeking validation from it.
1273	lannistergold	2013-04-08	I watched it and knew it would cause outrage, but I had no problem with it at all.  I'm a Catelyn fan, I understand her hatred and treatment of Jon but don't condone it obviously.  This scene just seemed to fill in one page of their long history together.  Catelyn still hated Jon after this, but had a moment of weakness.  We see her regretting what she said to Jon later in GoT, so I don't think it's unreasonable or out of character for her to have had previous moments of weakness with Jon.QFT.If Cat had nothing but contempt for Jon, it would reflect badly on her. Even the relatively good characters have character flaws, of course, but this is one that rankled a lot of fans. Clarifying that she had some compassion for him is something I'd always wanted, TBH. And it doesn't feel like a divergence from the character as Martin imagined her: she's pretty high-minded, even if she has some understandable chips on her shoulder.
1274	JMJ	2013-04-08	I had no problem with how Cat was portrayed. I  think it's in line with Cat's persona in the books. However, the problem I had was Talisa. First, she comes off as a headstrong, modern-minded woman who is Robb's equal when they meet. Now she's a meek daughter-in-law afraid to offend Cat. I never liked the Talisa/Jeyne change-up, I'll admit, but at least keep the character consistent!
1275	metr0man	2013-04-08	I'm pretty sure this scene exists, at least in part, to plant the idea that Jon Snow could be legitimized as a Stark. Considering the writers met with GRRM during the hiatus to find out where the story was going so they could start setting up character arcs/threads..... It is curious.
1276	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-04-08	Cat seems WAY too hard on herself. The dialogue would have worked better in Ned's cell back in Season 1. Something similar, but with Ned thinking about how his actions have brought ruin on his house.
In other words, it seems like Cat's regret in this scene should really have been Ned's, e.g. regret at putting Cat in a difficult situation, keeping Jon at arm's length, ect.
"...all because I couldn't love a motherless child" sounds very maudlin.
Geez, Cat, you'll run yourself ragged if you think that you have to be a mom to all the orphans in the world. Motherhood isn't a always a labor of love; sometimes its just labor.
1277	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	I didn't like the pox story as Cat could have just delivered the "it should have been you" line when Jon visited Bran.  Now there's a bit of back tracking to cover the dynamic.
Her blaming herself for House Stark makes sense.  She's religious and thinks there's a karmic price that the Starks are paying because she couldn't love.  Fine.  Even in the books, I blame her for most of House Stark's problems anyways.  She touched off most of the drama by going after the Lannisters, while the murder plot with Lady Arynn was started by Littlefinger.
1278	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	I had no  problem with the scene.
1279	lannistergold	2013-04-08	Her blaming herself for House Stark makes sense.  She's religious and thinks there's a karmic price that the Starks are paying because she couldn't love.  Fine.I think this was the one part of the exchange that was a bum note for me, But while it seems awfully melodramatic, it might be consistent with her belief system (assuming that her gods punish malicious prayers and oathbreaking, as many would). Otherwise, the whole scene felt right to me. I can see myself going through the same thought process in her shoes (because I'm a guy, of course, that takes quite an act of imagination).
1280	iYT	2013-04-08	"What the crap!" was my initial thought when Cat reveled the second son was Jon Snow, but as she continued it was a return to normalcy for me. I do enjoy disliking her as much as I enjoy liking Daenerys and Arya.
As far as the changes from book to tv series/movie go, although they may be disappointing/pleasant surprise at times I have always tried to view them as a re-telling of a re-telling. While the book is the original account the shows/movies are similar to stories handed down orally; allowing minor characters to be added or taken out and have their story arcs changed to the story teller's liking. The producers have done a good job with this story in getting it out to those of us that had not read the books, and creating a desire to know the original story(IMO).
1281	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	I think I might be the first book fan to say this, but i really enjoyed it. Does it really hurt giving Cat a bit of guilt about Jon? I think it humanises her more, and adds a lot more depth to the way she treated Jon in the few scenes we saw them together. And we know she's a religious woman, so why not make her feel like her tragedies are punishment from the gods? 
The speculation about it being relevant to future plot developments that we don't know about (but Martin and the writers do) is also valid.
1282	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	It was awful. It's obvious why they did it, with Robb's legitimising of Jon to follow but, wow, it was a mess. As far as I'm concerned the scene with Robb & Jon in S1E2 was all they needed as foreshadowing leading up to Robb legitimising him. We saw, for a brief moment, how close they were.No, this scene was pure character development/exploration. Every scene in a drama series doesnt have to connect to a future event, some dialouges are there simply to establish a part of a characters personality.this scene added a new layer to catelyns personality that we havent seen so far in the TV-series.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 08 April 2013 - 03:40 AM.
1283	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-08	I agree.  The scene did not bother me at all, except for Catelyn feeling guilt about her arrogance.  That seems out of character for her.It's a bit of a stretch, but Catelyn's speech did not bother me as much as some of the other book-to-TV changes - such as the existence of Talisa and her becoming Robb's wife, or Sansa's refusing to go with the Hound because King's Landing was her home now (???rather than the Hound being an unstable drunk who held a knife to her neck), or Ros being a supporting character who is now Littlefinger's executive assistant or whatever.I'm looking forward to Catelyn's return to Riverrun.
1284	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	I'm another book reader who liked the scene.  I'll even go so far as to admit that it was something about book Cat's character that I really didn't like.  She was a practical, just, devout, caring woman.  It never sat well with me that she would have a burning lifelong hatred of somebody over something that they had absolutely no control over.
As others have said, you can't believe that she absolutely hated Jon every moment of his life.  She prayed for his death out of anger, he came close to death, she prayed for his salvation out of guilt.  I think that displaying conflicted emotions, if even for a night, was good.  To me it showed that she knew in her heart that Jon had never done anything to deserve her treatment of him but her head wouldn't allow her to change it, and I think it was about the only deviation from book Cat that improved her character in a way.
1285	Dicer	2013-04-08	weren't some people in the books shocked that Jon Snow was allowed to eat with the family?  That's why I mentioned that..I don't remember this. In the one scene that we got in AGoT, Benjen Stark asks Jon why he is sitting at the lower tables and not with the family at the feast held for Robert. And Jon says that Cat did not want to insult the Royals by seating a bastard with them. And later he uses that excuse to join Mance Raydar and the wildlings. Other than that I can't recall anything special made of Jon eating at the table with the rest of the Starks. Ned brought up Jon in the same manner as the rest of his kids.I did not have any issues with the Cat monologue in this episode. I think it's more about her faith than Jon. It may have added some layers to the character, but I still think it was unnecessary and they could have used this screen time elsewhere.
1286	Ran	2013-04-08	Catelyn in the novel doesn't have a burning hatred of Jon. She doesn't want him around, that's about it. She isn't expected to want him around, by the values of her society.
1287	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	It may not be a evil queen in a disney movie kind of burning hatred, but she absolutely hated him.  You don't treat somebody that everybody around you likes, that your husband considers a son and your children consider a brother, like absolute garbage for over a dozen years just because you'd prefer he not be there.
1288	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	To be honest I was OK with this scene. It felt a little out of place but I could run with it. I think the point is to bring through that Cat is someone who cares a lot for all her children (even Jon Snow a very little bit) so then when Lady Stoneheart comes much later it will seem all the greater.
1289	Dicer	2013-04-08	I don't think she treated Jon like garbage, but yeah, she hated him. If she was indifferent towards him she would not have cared if Jon stayed at WF or not. But she was absolutely insistent that Jon leave along with Ned and would rather prefer some distant lord in the vale get WF than Ned's own son. I would say she was indifferent towards Theon, but that she hated Jon. Which is understandable, considering he looked like Ned, was a reminder of Ned's infidelity and could be a threat to her children's inheritance. I can understand her hatred, but I can't justify her hating a kid for no fault of his own.
I don't see anything wrong in knowing that she could show some love and kindness to a motherless child when he was sick. Nothing wrong with that and it's far from character assassination.
					
					
							Edited by Dicer, 08 April 2013 - 04:53 AM.
1290	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	I had no problem with how Cat was portrayed. I  think it's in line with Cat's persona in the books.  Clearly you didn't read her chapters at all then, because the show version is NOT the same AT ALL.In the books, Catelyn is simply neutral to Jon (apart from one time when she's at her lowest point), and she never feels the need to apologise for this because she knows there is nothing wrong with her behaviour. Jon is not her child and he represents a danger to her family. She owes him nothing.In the books, Catelyn does not identify herself as Jon's (step) mother. He's her husband's bastard; he has absolutely no connection to her.In the books, Catelyn is not defined by her interaction with Jon Snow.
1291	Ran	2013-04-08	You don't treat somebody that everybody around you likes, that your husband considers a son and your children consider a brother, like absolute garbage for over a dozen years just because you'd prefer he not be there.Not having something to do with someone you're not expected to have anything to do with does not equal treating them as "absolute garbage". That's just silly. Treating someone like garbage would be putting them down every chance you get, but that's not what Catelyn did. Jon's desire for her to interact with him, such as it was, is an expectation that Ned's decisions created in him. Is it her fault that Ned put Jon in that position? Not at all.As to wanting him out of Winterfell, if someone has been the guest of your husband in your household for 14 years without your ever having a say, I suppose you'd like to see that person get going at some point or another. The one thing marring their life is his decision to keep Jon around. Putting an end to it just made sense, pragmatically and in terms of their relationship. You'll note that Ned and Catelyn are perfectly tender with one another when they meet again in King's Landing, so the decision to send Jon away wasn't exactly something alienating to Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 April 2013 - 06:26 AM.
1292	Damar	2013-04-08	Clearly you didn't read her chapters at all then, because the show version is NOT the same AT ALL.In the books, Catelyn is simply neutral to Jon (apart from one time when she's at her lowest point), and she never feels the need to apologise for this because she knows there is nothing wrong with her behaviour. Jon is not her child and he represents a danger to her family. She owes him nothing.In the books, Catelyn does not identify herself as Jon's (step) mother. He's her husband's bastard; he has absolutely no connection to her.In the books, Catelyn is not defined by her interaction with Jon Snow.She did go out of her way to suggest alternative heirs for Robb, and later on revealed having told negative stories about him to her uncle.
1293	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	Maybe this scene is meant to foreshadow something in the future. Like, maybe Lady Stoneheart will reconcile with Jon before she is finally laid to rest.
There seems to have been a few scenes that foreshadow events in the two remaining books.
1294	KhalFrodo	2013-04-08	Thought it was good. I had more of a problem with the Shae and Tyrion scene really.This^^^^^.... I thought this was the best scene Cat has had in the series thus far. The Shae and Tyrion scene isn't really a good thing for their story arc. I really don't know how they're going to pull off the plot line between those two if they stay on this path of building Shae into a hooker with a heart of gold... It's been suggested that they may replace Tyrion's ex-wife with Shae in the show.I still think this season has been leaps and bounds better than last season thus far and hope they keep on this path. They tied up some slip-ups from last season (Robb is headed to Riverrun and Bolton is in Harrenhall, Jaime back in captivity), while also cutting out some unneccessary story (Barristan as Arstan). Hopefully they stay on this apparent attempt to reconnect with the source material.
1295	Archana The Brown Walker	2013-04-08	EDIT: i'm quoting Francis Buck from another thread, because I think it's interesting:Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).Showrunners were stating the obvious with iron throne destroyed and covered in snow. Except for the fact that maybe Dany WILL return to westeros. If she does return, westeros will be deep into winter and possibly in the middle of the long night v2.0 by the time she reaches kings landing.
1296	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-08	What the fuck have they done with Cat.I entered this season with a great determination to accept the changes and enjoy the show, but the whole "It's my fault" thing is ridiculous.
1297	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	I was confused by the scene as it was happening, but when it ended I'm thinking it was a necessary insertion to create empathy for CatI understand what you're saying, but if the creation of empathy wasn't there all ready with her losing her husband, daughters, two sons, her home and - with the ill conceived marriage of her son - the North, I'm not sure this is going to buy anything.The fact that it all gets dumped onto her not being able to love Jon just doesn't fit. It makes sense she has issue with Ned bringing some other woman's child home, it makes sense she would feel anger at both of them, but how they seem to be trying to tie it together appears...MacGuyverish.   Thrown together to make something we think should work.  We'll have to see how it plays out, but just don't like the feel of what they had her say.
1298	David Selig	2013-04-08	Thank God I was spoiled or I would've broken my TV or something, that's how disgusting and stupid this scene is."I'll be a mother to him.""...all because I couldn't love a motherless child" - /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  . What the hell? Why is she supposed to love a kid who is not hers? Sickening nonsense. Vanessa Taylor is simply terrible, all of her episodes were the weakest written in the series.
1299	Pugsley	2013-04-08	I took this scene to be more about Cat's relationship with the Seven than her relationship with Jon.  She feels the gods are punishing her for breaking a promise she made to them.  
I think when a series of tragic things happens, it's natural for a person as religious as Cat to ask why their god is punishing them.  In her case, this may be the only time where she essentially bargained with the gods -- to relieve her GUILT at wishing a child dead, not out of a sudden wave of compassion -- and then reneged on her promise to them once she got what she had prayed for.
I don't think this scene in any way implies that her life is defined by her relationship with Jon.  I DO think her religious devotion is an important aspect of her character, however. For that reason I wasn't bothered by this scene at all. In fact, I found it quite emotional.
1300	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	I though it was a good scene. it made Cat more likeable. I hate her in the book, and this made me like her a little better. IMO it makes her more like a real person.
EXCEPT the fact that she states that she would beg Ned to give Jon the Stark name. Jon could be older than Robb (they are born in the same year) and this would make him then heir to Winterfell. Very unlikely that she would want him to be legitimized.
I like the fact that she basically says that she tried to love a motherless child, but just couldn't do it.  It made her more real. In the books she is just a overly religious woman that hates a little baby for reasons he can't change. In the show she at least tried to love him.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 08 April 2013 - 07:42 AM.
1301	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	I had no problem with the scene itself, but it was odd, it seems to mean that they'll have Cat be the one whose idea it is to make Jon Robb's heir or that the show writers know something about the end of Cat's story that we don't.  Otherwise, what is the purpose of throwing it in there?
1302	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-08	I really liked this scene partially because Michelle Fairley is so excellent as Cat. I felt the emotion and I thought it was a chance to depict Cat's guilt towards Jon, which you only get a glimpse of in the books and only because she's a POV character. It also reveals Cat's relationship with the Seven Gods which is important because her faith is such an essential part of her character as well. I found it to be a very moving scene. I think Cat gets a lot of grief but people continually forget what a state of depression and sadness she is in throughout the series.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 08 April 2013 - 07:45 AM.
1303	Spidey	2013-04-08	"I'll be a mother to him.""...all because I couldn't love a motherless child" - /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  . What the hell? Why is she supposed to love a kid who is not hers? Sickening nonsense.It's called compassion. You may have heard of it.
1304	The Brandon Stark	2013-04-08	The redeeming part of the her scene is that she just can't bring herself to love him. It certainly made her more human. I almost choked when she said she wanted Snow to have the Stark name. Thank you D&D for not leaving it as her wishing he was a Stark. I may have stopped watching the series if they did. Great scene in how it ended.
1305	David Selig	2013-04-08	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.I don't think it's consistent at all. First, praying regularly for Jon Snow to die, given that she is a devout believer, is well above any hatred she had for him in the books. Much more serious than saying Jon should've died instead of Bran after weeks of grief.Second, it just goes against her whole persona from the books to make a serious promise (to the gods or to anyone else) and not follow through with it. She always keeps her word.Third, no matter how distraught she was, Cat from the books would never even consider asking Ned to legitimise Jon because this would go against the interest of the Tully family and her own children. "Family, duty, honor" aren't just words for her.And then there's that completely nonsensical "all because I couldn't love a motherless child." line which again is a 180 degree turn from Cat in the books, since she never felt the least bit of guilt over that, and rightly so.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 08 April 2013 - 07:57 AM.
1306	Maia	2013-04-08	Catelyn is a bitch in the books. Let's call it what it is. Let's not soften it. She treated Jon like shit.No, Ned was the bastard who created the whole situation unnecessarily out of misplaced sense of guilt. Let's put the blame where it belongs. He and he alone was responsible for both Cat's and Jon's pain, because he just didn't think the things through. Both Jon and Cat would have been happier if Ned had gone the traditional route of having Jon fostered _and_ prepared a decent career for him, worthy of a knight or equivalent. It is normal even for legitimate children to be fostered, why should Jon be such a special snowflake?All that talk about society, man that's ridiculous. I liked when Robb snapped on her in the book and put her in her place, when he told her Jon would be her heir.Oh, but you seemingly like a society where a woman can be"put in her place" by a stripling son, who is making naive, irrational decisions right and left.Black brothers can't inherit. Even the Ironborn during the Conquest were honorable and law-abiding enough to understand it. But not Robb. Not to mention that normally in Westeros a cousin twice removed _is_ a more acceptable heir than a bastard _and_ of course, if one of the girls was recovered, she could marry him, so the whole Stark/Tully connection could continue.That's what a lot of fathers would've have done.I find it funny how so many people defend Jon's "right" to be a "Stark", but not of Cersei's bastards to inherit after their "step-father" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.  After all, why limit it to fathers?Now, the sentiment of Cat trying to warm to Jon and failing is actually from the books, from Cat's PoV. She also salved her conscience re: Jon going to NW with the fact of Ben being there and taking over the "father role" for him (which didn't work, but she couldn't have known it). She did care about his well-being, in a way, nor did she ever want him to be just tossed out to starve in the streets.OTOH, the idea of Jon having a Stark name? Even in a moment of guilt, it makes zero sense. it is a completely nonsensical and counter-intuitive departure from the original.Why on earth would Cat want Jon to steal her younger children's inheritance? Even if she could bring herself to love him, she never would have wanted it. No parent would in such a situation, not unless they actually disliked/hated their own kids. It made her more real. In the books she is just a overly religious woman that hates a little baby for reasons he can't change. In the show she at least tried to love him.Huh? Actually, this is straight from Cat's PoV in the books, particularly in the chapter where she travels with Mya Stone to the Eyrie in AGOT. She did try to love Jon and couldn't and felt guilty about it.
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 08 April 2013 - 08:06 AM.
1307	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	No, Ned was the bastard who created the whole situation unnecessarily out of misplaced sense of guilt. Let's put the blame where it belongs. He and he alone was responsible for both Cat's and Jon's pain, because he just didn't think the things through. Both Jon and Cat would have been happier if Ned had gone the traditional route of having Jon fostered _and_ prepared a decent career for him, worthy of a knight or equivalent. It is normal even for legitimate children to be fostered, why should Jon be such a special snowflake?Because Jon probably isn't Ned's bastard, but the son of his dead sister Lyanna, and a child he likely swore to protect and raise as his own.  There's no telling if there may have been some Targaryen traits develop as he grew older, and fostering him somewhere else is probably a risk Ned chose not to run.  Ned kept him close because of his promise, and to ensure that he was safe.And regardless of whether or not Ned could have done things differently doesn't justify book Catelyn's actions towards Jon.  That's not saying she needed to treat Jon as well as if he were her natural born son, but some of her cruelty towards him was rather non-Seven like.  I don't think that made her a horrible person, but she was still responsible for her own actions.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 08:19 AM.
1308	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	Catelyn is a bitch in the books. Let's call it what it is. Let's not soften it. She treated Jon like shit. Her kids loved Jon and treated him like he was their true brother. This scene humanized her. All that talk about society, man that's ridiculous. I liked when Robb snapped on her in the book and put her in her place, when he told her Jon would be her heir. I think a lot of kids wouldn't like their mother treating their half brother like an outcast. Ned was wise to have his kids treat Jon like he was their true brother. That's what a lot of fathers would've have done. I like TV show Cat way better then book Cat. Book Cat was unreasonable.I don't agree with you at all. Catelyn is an honorable woman but just has a shortcoming in handling her emotions around Jon. Those emotions were built up by that Ned took him back but never even gave her an explanation, making it seem like he had some true love while he was away while Cat and Ned were still strangers to each other since he left so soon after their wedding. Her betrothed had been murdered, she married his brother, moved up to a foreign place to her in the cold North, they conceived a baby and then he left her for a long time. She didn't knew the man who left and probably even less the man that came back with secrets.This scene showed this part of her a bit more visibly, while you have to figure it out more for yourself in the book. I don't think she comes off as a bitch at all in the books. She acts poorly at times but it's always with realstic reasons in my view. There's of course room for different interpretations but if someone thinks that Catelyn is a bitch and Ned is a real good guy then my opinion is that the reader has missed things.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 April 2013 - 08:14 AM.
1309	Honourable Ser	2013-04-08	Great scene, I love the way the showrunners are actually able to invent new material to stop the series from being something utterly stale for us book readers. Personally, I've read the books and I want to see a few little details added to make it worth my while watching! Lo and behold, it is worth watching!
1310	Ran	2013-04-08	FLoW,And regardless of whether or not Ned could have done things differently doesn't justify book Catelyn's actions towards Jon.Outside of Bran's bedchamber incident, there were no "Catelyn's actions towards Jon". Winterfell's a big place, and she had no reason or desire to interact with him, no more than random guardsman #2 had to go out of their way to hang out with him if they didn't feel like it.It's Ned who creates the expectation in Jon that maybe Catelyn should act like a mother to him, perhaps, but that's on Ned.That's not saying she needed to treat Jon as well as if he were her natural born son, but some of her cruelty towards him was rather non-Seven like.She was never cruel to him, outside of that said incident.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 April 2013 - 08:19 AM.
1311	Garlan Marius	2013-04-08	Cat is definitely religious.  If you want to understand her motivation here, jump into the mind of someone who really believes that the gods have power.  She's also a real person, a person who cannot subsist on pure hatred.  It's reasonable to think that she couldn't keep up a hatred for Jon Snow for 14 straight years.  So, so far, we have these:-Cat prayed for Jon to die-Jon begins to die-Cat recognizes that her prayer for Jon's death has been answered.So, naturally, Cat feels guilty.  If Jon dies here, she'd never be able to live it down, knowing that she deliberately murdered this child.  So, she tries to "take back" her prayer, to make promises in order to not live with that guilt.  However, Cat cannot keep her promises.  She falls right back into hating Jon Snow.There's really nothing wrong with this scene.  If anything, it makes Cat that much more of a tragically-flawed character, showing more internal conflict in one of the best characters of the series.  I like it.
1312	hollowcrown	2013-04-08	I love this scene. A lot of TV-only viewers hate Cat more than any other character because she was "mean to Jon Snow in the second episode". If anyone's going to feel any sadness for her because of the RW then they've got to make TV viewers like her a bit more.
1313	Ran	2013-04-08	The problem is that she says only a mother can make one of those things for her child. Ergo, she understands that she has an obligation to Jon as his step-mother. This makes her a bad mother in an objective way.
In the novels, she has no such obligation, she isn't his mother or step-mother, and judgments of her do not rest on the notion that she bore that sort of obligation.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 April 2013 - 08:21 AM.
1314	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Catelyn in the novel doesn't have a burning hatred of Jon. She doesn't want him around, that's about it. She isn't expected to want him around, by the values of her society."It should have been you" speaks pretty clearly.  Yes, she's in an extreme amount of stress and grief and sleep depravation when she says this, but the thought would not exist in her head without a straightforward burning hatred of Jon Snow being right there.  Stress and grief and sleep depravation remove the filters between brain and mouth, they don't cause hateful sentiment to spring out of nowhere.  Her thought is not that Bran should not have fallen, it's that Jon Snow should be dying instead, that that would make everything better.  I don't see how this could be much clearer.Book!Catelyn would be completely unsympathetic if filmed as written and so I certainly appreciate the difficulty of translating her to screen in a palatable way.  The scene is still a bit of a mess, and the tone of the episode as a whole is all over the place, but it's well-acted and it gives an opportunity to place some internal conflict within Catelyn that is explicitly absent in the books, and that helps a bit.
1315	Garlan Marius	2013-04-08	The problem is that she says only a mother can make one of those things for her child. Ergo, she understands that she has an obligation to Jon as his step-mother. This makes her a bad mother.In the novels, she has no such obligation.Watch the scene again.  In a moment of guilt, she feels she should act as a mother to the child.  When she can't follow through, when everything returns to normal, she does not.This adds another dimension to her relationship with Jon.  It wasn't just blanket hatred of a bastard boy who threatened her trueborn children by his mere existence.
1316	Ran	2013-04-08	"It should have been you" speaks pretty clearly.  Yes, she's in an extreme amount of stress and grief and sleep depravation when she says this, but the thought would not exist in her head without a straightforward burning hatred of Jon Snow being right there.  Stress and grief and sleep depravation remove the filters between brain and mouth, they don't cause hateful sentiment to spring out of nowhere.That's kind of silly. People in extreme distress will say awfully exaggerated things. How often do arguments between parents and children end with the kid saying, "I WISH YOU WERE DEAD!" Do they have a burning hatred for their parents? No. They're upset. They say exaggerated things. They don't really want their parents dead. Catelyn doesn't really want Jon to die, even in the novels. She doesn't want him around, she's angry that Ned has placed her in that position, and that's about it.I love the confidence in which someone can just say the character in the novel would be completely unsympathetic on the screen.How about I make the equally unprovable assertion that she would be totally sympathetic, and we leave it at that?Garlan,I've watched the scene several times. She's insistent only a mother can make it for her child. She made it for Jon. She said she prayed that she would actually be a mother to him if he lived, which means that she would actually go on to fulfill her obligation to him, obligation which up to then she had shirked, and which afterward she finds herself unable to carry out.But fundamentally, she understands she has an obligation. This is very, very different from the position of Catelyn in the novel.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 08 April 2013 - 08:26 AM.
1317	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Cat is definitely religious.  If you want to understand her motivation here, jump into the mind of someone who really believes that the gods have power.  She's also a real person, a person who cannot subsist on pure hatred.  It's reasonable to think that she couldn't keep up a hatred for Jon Snow for 14 straight years.  So, so far, we have these:-Cat prayed for Jon to die-Jon begins to die-Cat recognizes that her prayer for Jon's death has been answered.So, naturally, Cat feels guilty.  If Jon dies here, she'd never be able to live it down, knowing that she deliberately murdered this child.  So, she tries to "take back" her prayer, to make promises in order to not live with that guilt.  However, Cat cannot keep her promises.  She falls right back into hating Jon Snow.There's really nothing wrong with this scene.  If anything, it makes Cat that much more of a tragically-flawed character, showing more internal conflict in one of the best characters of the series.  I like it.Her children are all scattered and in great danger, As a religious woman, she may believe the Gods are going to even the score for the vow to them she broke by taking her natural born children.  She's desperate to protect them, and feeling guilty for having broken her vow because it may come back to haunt her own children.The Seven-Catcher she's making is to protect her own children that she believes are horribly at risk.  And she realizes that the promises she's making to the Gods hoping they'll save her own children are being undercut by the vow she broke the first time she made one.  So, she's regretting the broken vow that may doom her own children.  It's not a scene from the book, but it hardly destroys her book character.But fundamentally, she understands she has an obligation. This is very, very different from the position of Catelyn in the novel.I don't think she saw herself with an obligation towards Jon.  What I think is that her normal emotions towards Jon as a boy were resentment, dislike, perhaps even hatred occasionally.  At the same time, I don't think it is inconsistent to believe that her attitude towards a sick baby/child, on death's doorstep, about whom her husband cared deeply (and depending on age, siblings as	 well)  would be a good bit softer.  That seems completely consistent to me with her overall maternal demeanor, because it takes a pretty cold-hearted bastard as an adult to wish a sick baby/child dead from the pox, and I don't think that's Catelyn.In a sense, her making the dream catcher for sick-baby Jon is simply the flip emotional extreme of her being cruel to Jon after Bran's fall.  Events can affect temporary emotional outlook.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 08:35 AM.
1318	kevin1989	2013-04-08	I liked the scene. It was completely in line with Catelyn's character and her attitude towards Jon. Don't understand the hate at all.People like to complain /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I thought it was wonderful scene. Catelyn is a mother. If she didn't feel regrets about the horror that happened to her children, and blame herself because she did something wrong, she wouldn't be a good mother. This really shows the mother side of Cat (more than in the books imo).
1319	SeanF	2013-04-08	Catelyn in the novel doesn't have a burning hatred of Jon. She doesn't want him around, that's about it. She isn't expected to want him around, by the values of her society.Even in our day and age, I suspect almost any wife would feel much the same way as Catelyn did, if their husband suddenly fathered an illegitimate child, and expected her to bring it up as her own.  I think it would take a remarkably forgiving person not to feel the same way.Unlike Catelyn, they could get divorced. I've yet to watch this episode, but the scene, as it's described, doesn't seem to be a "character assasination."
1320	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	People like to complain /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I thought it was wonderful scene. Catelyn is a mother. If she didn't feel regrets about the horror that happened to her children, and blame herself because she did something wrong, she wouldn't be a good mother. This really shows the mother side of Cat (more than in the books imo). You're really, really, really wrong. It shows Catelyn is a BAD mother because she identifies herself as Jon's mother, meaning she failed as a mother to him. In contrast, book!Catelyn knows that she's not Jon's mother and therefore has no obligations towards him.This fandom is really living up to its reputation today...
1321	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	I don't think it's quite as much of a deviation from the character as the Westeros analysis said. I think that analysis put a bit too much emphasis on Catelyn disliking Jon, while I personally think her dislike for him is in a significant part misdirected anger towards what he becomes a representation of.
As for the obligation to him, I see it as more of a moral thing as she came to love Ned and in order to accept him fully (family and duty) she somewhere feels that she should accept his choice with Jon. Naming him a Stark might be a bit much since that affects her children through laws, but when just looking at the sentiment I think you can draw conclusions that stay a little bit closer to the original.
1322	David Selig	2013-04-08	I love this scene. A lot of TV-only viewers hate Cat more than any other character because she was "mean to Jon Snow in the second episode". If anyone's going to feel any sadness for her because of the RW then they've got to make TV viewers like her a bit more.And the way to do it is by revealing that she constantly prayed for Jon Snow to die as a kid and didn't follow on her promise to get him legitimised and be a mother to him? But because she feels bad about it now, it makes her more sympathetic than if all you know about their relationship is that she gave Jon a mean look and wanted him to be allowed to join the NW? Really?Besides, catering to irrational Jon fanboys shouldn't be a priority at all for the show.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 08 April 2013 - 08:42 AM.
1323	insertname	2013-04-08	I really don't get the hate for this. I didn't like the scene too much as I didn't really see what it was trying to accomplish in the larger scene of things...but while it's some departure from her character, it's not as major as people are making it out to be, imho.
1324	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	You're really, really, really wrong. It shows Catelyn is a BAD mother because she identifies herself as Jon's mother, meaning she failed as a mother to him. In contrast, book!Catelyn knows that she's not Jon's mother and therefore has no obligations towards him.This fandom is really living up to its reputation today...It's an opinion, so I'm not sure how it can be "wrong, wrong wrong."  However....Catelyn only identified herself as Jon's "mother" on two occasions.  When he was a small child on his deathbed from pox, and during a war when all five of her natural children are at horrible, horrible risk and she's begging the gods to keep them alive.  Those are both events that would push a normal person to more of an emotional extreme, and otherwise, her resentment of Jon was very consistent.  It's simply a way of emphasizing her core self-identification as a mother, and I thought it was pretty effective.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 08:46 AM.
1325	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	Even in our day and age, I suspect almost any wife would feel much the same way as Catelyn did, if their husband suddenly fathered an illegitimate child, and expected her to bring it up as her own.  I think it would take a remarkably forgiving person not to feel the same way.Unlike Catelyn, they could get divorced.I've yet to watch this episode, but the scene, as it's described, doesn't seem to be a "character assasination."This does not make sense at all. Comparing their marriage to a modern western marriage is impossible.They never married for love, they married because they had to. Thus making it different for her that her husband, whom she had met once, slept with someone else. Love wasn't a feeling involved at that time, only her own pride. Ned showing up with a bastard son was a wound on her pride as a highborn woman and as a wife. And yet people here keep saying that 'her caring for Jon Snow like a mother' would be something impossible in the Westerosi society but seem to forget that Ned fathering a bastard is different from a father in our time, who married for love, fathering a child on another woman.
1326	David Selig	2013-04-08	It's simply a way of emphasizing her core self-identification as a mother.But why is this necessary, it's not like they haven't beaten us over the head with this throughout the show. Plus it easily could've been done without involving Jon Snow and destroying the plausibility of the setting.This does not make sense at all. Comparing their marriage to a modern western marriage is impossible.They never married for love, they married because they had to. Thus making it different for her that her husband, whom she had met once, slept with someone else. Love wasn't a feeling involved at that time, only her own pride.Ned showing up with a bastard son was a wound on her pride as a highborn woman and as a wife.And yet people here keep saying that 'her caring for Jon Snow like a mother' would be something impossible in the Westerosi society but seem to forget that Ned fathering a bastard is different from a father in our time, who married for love, fathering a child on another woman. What's your point? Of course it's different, nobody denies it. But it doesn't make it a realistic option for the wife the raise the kid and be happy.
1327	SeanF	2013-04-08	I was suggesting that in either type of society (our own, or among Westeros' aristocrats) a wife would be deeply offended at being expected to raise a child that her husband had fathered on another woman, during their marriage.
1328	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	That's kind of silly. People in extreme distress will say awfully exaggerated things. How often do arguments between parents and children end with the kid saying, "I WISH YOU WERE DEAD!" Do they have a burning hatred for their parents? No. They're upset. They say exaggerated things. They don't really want their parents dead. Catelyn doesn't really want Jon to die, even in the novels. She doesn't want him around, she's angry that Ned has placed her in that position, and that's about it.I love the confidence in which someone can just say the character in the novel would be completely unsympathetic on the screen.How about I make the equally unprovable assertion that she would be totally sympathetic, and we leave it at that?So ... what you're saying is that I'm being "silly" for castigating behavior that you justify in the context of small children doing it all the time.  Children who make such declarations inevitably recant them past the heat of the moment, or when the implications of that wish are explained to them in full.More to the point, Catelyn is not a small child.  That she behaves like one in a moment of stress is precisely what makes her unsympathetic.  She is an adult woman who, as you say, was forced into a situation where a child who stood as a constant reminder of her husband's infidelity was forced into her daily presence.  So she takes out her frustration on Jon himself, which is irrational enough, not unlike Tywin Lannister blaming his wife's death on Tyrion.   But unlike even Tywin, she never has mixed emotions about Jon (Tywin at least acknowledges Tyrion's abilities to some degree, at times); when she deigns to think about him at all, it is always with resentment.  She says horrible things to him that she never recants.  She displays no complexity of thought or emotion toward these feelings in the books.  It's very one-note, and one-note plays better on the page than on the screen.
1329	Olympia	2013-04-08	I've read somewhere (okay, another fan) that perhaps since Catelyn is a very religious woman. She realized she made a huge mistake when she prayed that baby Jon would die. When Jon caught the pox, Cat was overwhelmed with guilt and begged and prayed to the gods to let him live. If they did, she will love him as her own and even give him the Stark name. Jon survived, but Cat did not keep her promise to the gods, and what happened to the Starks Cat sees as her punishment for this broken promise. If she kept her promise, all of this misery would not have happened.
					
					
							Edited by thehightowers, 08 April 2013 - 09:07 AM.
1330	SeanF	2013-04-08	So ... what you're saying is that I'm being "silly" for castigating behavior that you justify in the context of small children doing it all the time.  Children who make such declarations inevitably recant them past the heat of the moment, or when the implications of that wish are explained to them in full.More to the point, Catelyn is not a small child.  That she behaves like one in a moment of stress is precisely what makes her unsympathetic.  She is an adult woman who, as you say, was forced into a situation where a child who stood as a constant reminder of her husband's infidelity was forced into her daily presence.  So she takes out her frustration on Jon himself, which is irrational enough, not unlike Tywin Lannister blaming his wife's death on Tyrion.   But unlike even Tywin, she never has mixed emotions about Jon (Tywin at least acknowledges Tyrion's abilities to some degree, at times); when she deigns to think about him at all, it is always with resentment.  She says horrible things to him that she never recants.  She displays no complexity of thought or emotion toward these feelings in the books.  It's very one-note, and one-note plays better on the page than on the screen.My understanding of the books is that Catelyn ignores Jon, rather than being actively spiteful towards him.The one exception to this is when he visits Bran, before leaving Winterfell. What she says to him at that point is foul, but it's said at a moment of extreme stress and grief.If Catelyn heard that Jon had got kiled at the Wall, I doubt if she'd feel much sadness over it, but nor is she actively malevolent towards him.
1331	David Selig	2013-04-08	But unlike even Tywin, she never has mixed emotions about Jon (Tywin at least acknowledges Tyrion's abilities to some degree, at times); when she deigns to think about him at all, it is always with resentment.  She says horrible things to him that she never recants.  She displays no complexity of thought or emotion toward these feelings in the books.  It's very one-note, and one-note plays better on the page than on the screen. Huh? She said a horrible thing to Jon once. The next time she thinks about Jon, she feels guilt. Before that when we first get info on her feelings about Jon, the exact quote is "she had never found it in her to love Jon.". The situation is a lot more complex than you make it seem.
1332	templar7	2013-04-08	I for one absolutely loved this scene. Im sick and tired of hearing complaints about deviations from the book. The books have an unpredictability that sets them apart from most contemporary fantasy, and so does the series and im glad for that. This scene is a perfect example. I was moved by Cat's confession and the Queens proding questions. It was one of those moments that told a story unknowen to the POV chapters of the novel. I for one would have lost interest completely in this show if every step it took was preordained and predictable. Great job HBO. As a huge fan of the books, I love what you are doing with the series.
1333	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	But why is this necessary, it's not like they haven't beaten us over the head with this throughout the show. Plus it easily could've been done without involving Jon Snow and destroying the plausibility of the setting.I don't see it as destroying the plausibility at all.  In the books, she did express some guilt over her treatment of Jon, so this seems completely consistent to me given the emotional stress she's currently under with her own children.  I personally think her emotional torment about what has happened to her family since Bran fell is a critical part of her character, so the scene advanced that prior to the RW.Obviously, opinions differ.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 09:25 AM.
1334	Ran	2013-04-08	So ... what you're saying is that I'm being "silly" for castigating behavior that you justify in the context of small children doing it all the time.  Children who make such declarations inevitably recant them past the heat of the moment, or when the implications of that wish are explained to them in full.An adult who has had a complete mental breakdown and is in a black depression is no more responsible for their words  than a child is (and not small children, just, dude; teens wants their parents dead all the time ) That's what I'm saying. When rationality is gone, only irrational things come out.So, yes, you're being silly with your line of argument.Look, here is how Catelyn is described, again:Lady Stark was there beside his bed. She had been there, day and night, for close on a fortnight. Not for a moment had she left Bran's side. She had her meals brought to her there, and chamber pots as well, and a small hard bed to sleep on, though it was said she had scarcely slept at all. She fed him herself, the honey and water and herb mixture that sustained life. Not once did she leave the room. So Jon had stayed away.Lady Stark looked over. For a moment she did not seem to recognize him. Finally she blinked. "What are you doing here?" she asked in a voice strangely flat and emotionless.Her face did not change. Her long auburn hair was dull and tangled. She looked as though she had aged twenty yearsThis is not "acting like a small child." Small children do not do this. This is a complete and utter mental breakdown.Here's how she describes this period:Catelyn nodded and sat up in bed. It all seemed like a nightmare to her now, everything since Bran's fall, a terrible dream of blood and grief
1335	jmk51	2013-04-08	IMO, its either another juxtaposition that makes these HBO shows so great (see "The Wire"), showing her "believed" downfall to her lack of piety, or its setting something up that we don't know about that yet.
I thought it was odd, much like the Talisa scenes, but I also think the Talisa scenes are again juxtaposing Robb's duties versus his feelings.  Besides, all of these characters will be in some state of death within the next two TV months, so no big deal IMO.
1336	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	And the way to do it is by revealing that she constantly prayed for Jon Snow to die as a kid and didn't follow on her promise to get him legitimised and be a mother to him? But because she feels bad about it now, it makes her more sympathetic than if all you know about their relationship is that she gave Jon a mean look and wanted him to be allowed to join the NW? Really?Besides, catering to irrational Jon fanboys shouldn't be a priority at all for the show.You should love the show, Jon's a fool for the most part.
1337	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I for one absolutely loved this scene. Im sick and tired of hearing complaints about deviations from the book. The books have an unpredictability that sets them apart from most contemporary fantasy, and so does the series and im glad for that. This scene is a perfect example. I was moved by Cat's confession and the Queens probing questions. It was one of those moments that told a story unknowen to the POV chapters of the novel. I for one would have lost interest completely in this show if every step it took was preordained and predictable. Great job HBO. As a huge fan of the books, I love what you are doing with the series.Well said.  I sometimes feel like people view reaction to deviations as some kind of loyalty test.
1338	SeanF	2013-04-08	Well said.  I sometimes feel like people view reaction to deviations as some kind of loyalty test.It's an automatic reaction, if you're very familiar with a book, to think "well, that never happend" when you see it adapted.  On the basis of the description given, it doesn't sound like a bad scene to me.
1339	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	It's an automatic reaction, if you're very familiar with a book, to think "well, that never happend" when you see it adapted.  On the basis of the description given, it doesn't sound like a bad scene to me.The scene confirmed that 1) Catelyn was generally mean to Jon, and couldn't bring herself to treat him like a son even though her husband did, 2) she felt some guilt over that, and 3) that she is getting more and more emotionally distraught over what is happening to her children.  I don't see any of that as inconsistent with her character in the book.
1340	Maia	2013-04-08	This does not make sense at all. Comparing their marriage to a modern western marriage is impossible...Ned showing up with a bastard son was a wound on her pride as a highborn woman and as a wife. And yet people here keep saying that 'her caring for Jon Snow like a mother' would be something impossible in the Westerosi societyYou can't bring up the laws and customs of their society to claim that Cat has to suck it up and then turn around and say that Ned and Robb are totally free to ignore them where Jon is concerned. It is highly hypocritical.The very same laws that prevent Cat leaving Ned over his infidelity also decree that bastards have no inheritance rights, that Night's Watch is for life and that flaunting one's bastard  by raising him alongside legitimate children is a huge insult to one's wife and her family.Make no mistake, the situation between Jon and Cat is completely on Ned. And most other wives would have reacted even worse. Not to mention Ned himself, if the situation was reversed. Can you imagine him raising Cat's bastard alongside his own children, playing father to the boy?! And yet he is supposed to be one of the best men out there, so....
1341	insertname	2013-04-08	Well, again I don't have a problem with her monologue, as I think it somewhat adds more depth to her character(in the show), although it is a book deviation. I have to say I wished they left out that she wanted Ned to make him a true Stark, because when you think about it that REALLY doesn't make any sense...
1342	David Selig	2013-04-08	I don't see it as destroying the plausibility at all.  In the books, she did express some guilt over her treatment of Jon, so this seems completely consistent to me given the emotional stress she's currently under with her own children.  I personally think her emotional torment about what has happened to her family since Bran fell is a critical part of her character, so the scene advanced that prior to the RW.The plausibility destroying part is her intention to ask Ned to get Jon legitimised and accepted as trueborn Stark. It's something which no noblewoman in Cat's position in a Westeros type society would ever even consider seriously when she has plenty of children of her own. It's just completely against the customs and mentality of this kind of society.The scene confirmed that 1) Catelyn was generally mean to Jon, and couldn't bring herself to treat him like a son even though her husband did, 2) she felt some guilt over that, and 3) that she is getting more and more emotionally distraught over what is happening to her children.  I don't see any of that as inconsistent with her character in the book. What about all the other things which it confirmed which are inconsistent? Like those I listed here - http://asoiaf.wester...00#entry4291199
1343	Mappy	2013-04-08	Oh, and the scene was awful. They are butchering her character.This
1344	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	You can't bring up the laws and customs of their society to claim that Cat has to suck it up and then turn around and say that Ned and Robb are totally free to ignore them where Jon is concerned. It is highly hypocritical.Well, one difference is that Ned and Robb were the head of the house, and they set the rules.  Catelyn doesn't.  I suppose that's unfair in some sense, but it's reality.  And if Catelyn's reactions were truly all justified by Ned's behavior, then she'd never have felt the slightest twinge of conscience at how she treated Jon.  Yet, she did.The very same laws that prevent Cat leaving Ned over his infidelity also decree that bastards have no inheritance rights, that Night's Watch is for life and that flaunting one's bastard by raising him alongside legitimate children is a huge insult to one's wife and her family.Then the insult would have been given by Ned, not Jon.  Just because you've been provoked doesn't excuse your actions.Make no mistake, the situation between Jon and Cat is completely on Ned. And most other wives would have reacted even worse.And some husbands in Westeros may have given those wives the back of their hand. Not to mention Ned himself, if the situation was reversed. Can you imagine him raising Cat's bastard alongside his own children, playing father to the boy?! And yet he is supposed to be one of the best men out there, so....There is not gender equality in Westeros.  A lady having bastards would not be viewed the same as a lord having them.
1345	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I have to say I wished they left out that she wanted Ned to make him a true Stark, because when you think about it that REALLY doesn't make any sense...Probably why she didn't follow through with it.
1346	Ran	2013-04-08	The scene confirmed that 1) Catelyn was generally mean to Jon,She was not mean to him in the books. Martin says she was never abusive. So, right there, inconsistencyand couldn't bring herself to treat him like a son even though her husband didShe never felt guilt for this because she never had cause to think she should treat him as a son. Incosistent.2) she felt some guilt over that,Inconsistent, per above.Have you re-read the series recently? I ask because some months back, in discussing Ygritte, you admitted it had been a long while. It seems to me you would probably see the inconsistencies if you had a clear recollection of the books.
1347	SeanF	2013-04-08	Well, one difference is that Ned and Robb were the head of the house, and they set the rules.  Catelyn doesn't.  I suppose that's unfair in some sense, but it's reality.  And if Catelyn's reactions were truly all justified by Ned's behavior, then she'd never have felt the slightest twinge of conscience at how she treated Jon.  Yet, she did.Catelyn is the eldest daughter of Hoster Tully, one of the Lords Paramount.  She's a great person in her own right, and would expect to be treated with the respect due to the daughter of a Lord Paramount.It's not part of the social contract among the nobles of Westeros that a husband will remain faithful to his wife.  It's certainly part of the social contract that he won't publicly disrespect her.  That's why bastards get fostered with other families.
1348	Iotun	2013-04-08	I have not read all 8(is it more than 8 now?) pages of the topic. I know from some reviews from non book readers that some really liked the scene and at least one review thought it was the strongest in the episode. I liked it, and I don't think it undermines Catelyn's character as she mentions in the end that she couldn't bring herself to love the boy anyway and she betrayed the promise she made to the Gods, so she's now showing any soft spots for Jon.
I think show Catelyn is different than book Catelyn in that she's less coldly political, and more of strong but emotional mother figure, but I don't mind that at all, its just a slightly different interpretation of the character. I think the scene serves as an introduction to an overall season arc for Catelyn of loss, pain and tragedy. She thinks she lost her sons, she is losing her son, she will lose her father, she will find out her daughter has been married to Tyrion Lannister, and she will see her son losing the trust of his bannermen because of her actions. I think this will all end after the Red Wedding, with the final scene for the season being the reveal of UnCat, being the personification of the loss and tragedy Catelyn has gone through, and its expression in pure anger and vengeance. The scene is almost disturbing knowing what will happen to Cat - almost marking her as cursed by the Gods, and for that reason I really liked it.
As a final thought, I personally don't care if show Cat is 'inconsistent' with the books, because I don't judge the show's quality by its faithfulness to the books, nor do I think it has an obligation to do so.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 08 April 2013 - 10:01 AM.
1349	Maia	2013-04-08	, one difference is that Ned and Robb were the head of the house, and they set the rules.  Catelyn doesn't.  I suppose that's unfair in some sense, but it's reality.Except that they don't. Their society has a set of rules which they break at their own peril. And to detriment of their family. Also, unfair in "some sense"? Try unfair in every sense.if Catelyn's reactions were truly all justified by Ned's behavior, then she'd never have felt the slightest twinge of conscience at how she treated Jon.  Yet, she did.Because she is a good woman, who is normally rather compassionate for her society and class. Ned also has twinges of conscience re: Cersei's kids even though the situation is not of his making. There is not gender equality in Westeros.  A lady having bastards would not be viewed the same as a lord having them.There is no bastard equality in Westeros. A lord having bastards is very different from treating them equally with his legitimate children - the latter of which is a huge insult to his wife, her family and threat to social order of Westeros as a whole, which strongly relies on orderly succession and political alliances sealed by marriage and shared blood.And if you want Cat to grow over Westerosi social conventions to consider her a good person, then you have no room for giving Ned a pass.
1350	lightbringer333	2013-04-08	the Cat /talisa scene has same flavor and is something similar to that of Cersei scene in season 2 where Cersei cries and indirectly admit about her incest to tyrion.
1351	Howdyphillip	2013-04-08	Catelyn is the eldest daughter of Hoster Tully, one of the Lords Paramount.  She's a great person in her own right, and would expect to be treated with the respect due to the daughter of a Lord Paramount.It's not part of the social contract among the nobles of Westeros that a husband will remain faithful to his wife.  It's certainly part of the social contract that he won't publicly disrespect her.  That's why bastards get fostered with other families.While what you are describing is the norm for that society, it certainly isn't the only example. Her own case with Jon Snow proves that. Some bastards were legitimized and raised as family on both Westeros, and our world during the period that Westeros is mimicking. I can have an understanding about what motivates a character and still see how that characters behavior was negative.We have textual reference that Catelyn behaved poorly in her relationship with Jon Snow. In the scene that Ran linked earlier, She was emotionally distraught and lashed out at Jon. Let's give her a pass on this because of the extreme stress that she was under. Even giving her this pass, it is an acknowledgement of bad behavior.In the same passage however, it shows that Jon Snow waited to go see Bran for a long period of time and did not do so because Catelyn was in the room. This establishes the fact that Jon has felt Catelyn's hatred of him and is uncomfortable. To have someone hate you so much that you will not go and see a loved brother who may be on his death bed shows us that this action of Catelyn's was probably not just an isolated incident. As I mentioned in another post, she never questions that action either with an apology, or a thought of apology for the rest of the series even after her time of great emotional stress has been subsided.We also have to factor in the fact that Catelyn's children, and her husband truly loved Jon. What I would find highly implausible is that the thought of acting like a mother towards him would have never entered her head, even if it were just fleeting. The show establishes that she did in fact have times where she felt guilty and so does the books.There has been major changes to the character of Catelyn Stark from the books to the show. I personally don't find this to be one of them. One thing that I will grant is that I could never see book Catelyn telling anyone about her conflicts, but since in the show we can not hear inner monolog, I am fine with it being articulated.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 08 April 2013 - 10:25 AM.
1352	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	She was not mean to him in the books. Martin says she was never abusive. So, right there, inconsistencyJust because she didn't beat Jon for any infraction (or at all) doesn't mean she wasn't abusive. Being neglectful in its own right is a form of abuse.I'd go so far as to say that constantly reminding someone that they don't belong with you in a passive aggressive manner is a form of abuse in its own right.
					
					
							Edited by UselessOpinion, 08 April 2013 - 10:28 AM.
1353	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	She was not mean to him in the books. Martin says she was never abusive. So, right there, inconsistencyI suppose that depends on how you define "mean" and "abusive", so this seems more semantics than anything.  But clearly, Jon knew how Catelyn felt about him, and that if it was up to her, he'd be out of Winterfell.  Ignoring and being cold to a child, to the point where the child knows he is not even welcome in the home in which he lives, strikes me as mean (not to mention what she said to Jon when Bran was injured), even though I wouldn't characterize that as "abusive".  So I don't see the inconsistency.She never felt guilt for this because she never had cause to think she should treat him as a son. Incosistent.I've been around lots and lots of little kids in my life, and I'm not cold to them just because they aren't my own children.  If my wife cheated on me and had a baby, I'd be pissed at her, and she'd probably be my ex-wife, but if I treated that child more poorly than I'd treat any other child, I'd feel guilty.  Not the kid's fault his/her parent did wrong.Another point.  I see that scene sort of the same way I saw the scene (in the book) where she made the "it should have been you" comment to Jon.  It was a statement made out of anger/worry over Bran.  Catelyn is now going through something similar because her daughters are missing, she knows Robb has made a huge mistake by marrying Jeyne (whatever...), and now her two youngest sons are missing.  So, she's starting to freak out, and getting religion in a big way.  Her outburst regarding not loving Jon is a product of her concern over her other children, and worrying that the Gods will punish her for how she treated Jon, even though if she was not that upset, she likely wouldn't see any reason to feel much remorse.  She's just starting to fall apart, and the irrationality of linking her treatment of Jon with what is happening to her other children emphasizes that.Inconsistent, per above.I'd point out that I was responding to David Selig's post, who said in post #138 that Catelyn felt "guilt".  That was his word choice, not mine, but I didn't see an issue with it given that my comment was directed to him.  Perhaps you'd prefer it be characterized as "remorse".  In any event, I think our difference is that you see it as more of a bright line issue than I do.  If she wasn't his mother, then she owed nothing to him.  I see it as even if she does not owe him motherly affection, there is a still an underlying level of decency regarding how you should treat any child.Have you re-read the series recently? I ask because some months back, in discussing Ygritte, you admitted it had been a long while. It seems to me you would probably see the inconsistencies if you had a clear recollection of the books.Actually, yes.  And my recollection is quite clear.  We simply have different opinions as to the appropriateness of her treatment of Jon.  I'd agree it wasn't abusive, but it could still trigger regret at a time of great stress and concern over her other children.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 10:50 AM.
1354	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	II don't think she treated Jon like garbage, but yeah, she hated him. If she was indifferent towards him she would not have cared if Jon stayed at WF or not. But she was absolutely insistent that Jon leave along with Ned and would rather prefer some distant lord in the vale get WF than Ned's own son. I would say she was indifferent towards Theon, but that she hated Jon. Which is understandable, considering he looked like Ned, was a reminder of Ned's infidelity and could be a threat to her children's inheritance. I can understand her hatred, but I can't justify her hating a kid for no fault of his own.I don't see anything wrong in knowing that she could show some love and kindness to a motherless child when he was sick. Nothing wrong with that and it's far from character assassination. I see Catelyn, book and TV versions, as being a good person to her family, who behaves badly when it comes to Jon, and indifferent to anyone else who is beneath her class.  She most definitely hated him, and I wouldn't call 12 hours of praying showing love and kindness, it was a purely selfish guilt driven act in order to clear her conscience in case he died, and nothing more.   That is evident by the return of her hatred of him when he survived.  He's better now, guilt over, I still hate this little bastard.  Now she's full of, understandable, grief of losing her husband and fear for her children and is falling back on the Jon guilt because it's the only thing that makes sense, to her, in all of the madness going on right now.
1355	Minsc	2013-04-08	In the same passage however, it shows that Jon Snow waited to go see Bran for a long period of time and did not do so because Catelyn was in the room. This establishes the fact that Jon has felt Catelyn's hatred of him and is uncomfortable. To have someone hate you so much that you will not go and see a loved brother who may be on his death bed shows us that this action of Catelyn's was probably not just an isolated incident. As I mentioned in another post, she never questions that action either with an apology, or a thought of apology for the rest of the series even after her time of great emotional stress has been subsided.The author and creator of both Jon and Catelyn has directly said that it was an isolated incident brought about by her great stress.  Also, when did you expect her to apologize to him she only leaves Bran's side after Jon has left for the wall.  Moreover, by then Catelyn is busy with trying to find out who attempted to kill her son and later a war both which keep her away from her two actual young children.  So when was she supposed to make a trip to the wall to tell Jon that she is sorry?
1356	freetickles	2013-04-08	I thought this scene was great. Most of the critiques seem to center around the idea that, as Ran said in his review, Cat "does not have a social or moral obligation to be his mother" under the norms of Westerosi culture.
So what? As much as we all love ASOIAF, Westeros is not a real place and its culture was invented entirely by GRRM. This show is not historical fiction, and it isn't the bible that it's trying to recreate. It may be that some Westerosi customs aren't absolutely necessary to be translated to the TV show. When the show deviates from the books in a way that wouldn't quite work in the books (from what we know of the books), it doesn't mean it's inconsistent within the show and therefore isn't necessarily a problem. 
In this case the change doesn't detract from the story whatsoever, and if the viewer doesn't understand that Cat doesn't have an obligation to Jon Snow, this doesn't hurt her character. If anything, a viewer that doesn't completely understand the laws and customs regarding parentage in the Seven Kingdoms has probably always wondered why Catelyn hates him so much. This revelation gives us an insight into what has really been a black hole for us as viewers, just as it remains a black hole for us as readers - what were Catelyn's and Jon Snow's interactions at Winterfell really like over the past 14 years. We know that Jon grew up with his half-sibling/cousins, and we know that Jon and Robb fully understand how Jon is different and that Robb probably learned that from Catelyn, but we don't know a lot more than that. Based on the scene in the book (and the show) when Jon visits Bran's bedside, we have a sense that Cat's and Jon's relationship is awkward as hell if not nonexistent, but it's strange to think of what that was like on a day-to-day basis for the entirety of Jon's life.
1357	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Catelyn is the eldest daughter of Hoster Tully, one of the Lords Paramount.  She's a great person in her own right, and would expect to be treated with the respect due to the daughter of a Lord Paramount.It's not part of the social contract among the nobles of Westeros that a husband will remain faithful to his wife.  It's certainly part of the social contract that he won't publicly disrespect her.  That's why bastards get fostered with other families.True, but the other poster was drawing an equivalency between Ned fathering a bastard, and Catelyn bearing one.  And in Westeros, those two things are not equivalent.
1358	Minsc	2013-04-08	Just because she didn't beat Jon for any infraction (or at all) doesn't mean she wasn't abusive. Being neglectful in its own right is a form of abuse.Saying she was neglectful charges that she had a responsibility to provide something for Jon, something she never had.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 10:42 AM.
1359	Howdyphillip	2013-04-08	The author and creator of both Jon and Catelyn has directly said that it was an isolated incident brought about by her great stress.  Also, when did you expect her to apologize to him she only leaves Bran's side after Jon has left for the wall.  Moreover, by then Catelyn is busy with trying to find out who attempted to kill her son and later a war both which keep her away from her two actual young children.  So when was she supposed to make a trip to the wall to tell Jon that she is sorry?Yes, GRRM said that this was the only time she lashed out at Jon in this particular manner, but he also goes to great depths to describe how tumultuous the relationship actually was. So there was a negative pattern of behavior established in the text.As for the apology, I have never said that she had to ride up to the wall and bring flowers. I am just saying that she never acknowledged to herself that her actions were wrong either through an apology or the thought of an apology at any time.In my mind, Catelyn Stark is not exonerated for her treatment of Jon Snow in any way on the books. I also feel like it makes the character richer and more believably human. She is one of my favorites.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 08 April 2013 - 10:40 AM.
1360	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Saying she was neglectful charges that she had a responsibility to provide something to Jon, something she never had.Being a decent human being to someone is some sort of hard unbearable responsibility?Nevermind Jon for now. Cat married Ned for political purposes, but she admits that over time she grew to love the guy. She could see that Jon meant the world to Ned, just as the rest of the children. The guy prayed to his gods (WoW/Bran's greendreams) that Rob and Jon could grow to love each other as brothers and that his wife would find it in her to love him as a son as well. But she couldn't do it and it's understandable. That doesn't excuse the way she acted though.
1361	Minsc	2013-04-08	Being a decent human being to someone is some sort of hard unbearable responsibility?Ignoring someone does mean you are not a decent human being to them, it just means you don't interact with them.As for the apology, I have never said that she had to ride up to the wall and bring flowers. I am just saying that she never acknowledged to herself that her actions were wrong either through an apology or the thought of an apology at any time.Ran has already mentioned that she felt guilty about that interaction when in the Vale.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 10:46 AM.
1362	Juan_Snow	2013-04-08	I didn't mind the scene. I think the scene was there to set up the legitimization of Jon and Robb naming him his heir. Also Jon Snow is one of the most beloved characters on the show, so maybe viewers will start liking Catelyn more, so the RW will be more devastating.I think that is exactly what the scene was added for.  I personally couldn't stand book Catelyn, so her death at the RW had very little effect on me compared to Robb's.  I saw it as Catelyn reaping what she sowed in ASoS.  If they make Catelyn into a more likable character it's going to be devastating when she gets her throat cut.
1363	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Ignoring someone does mean you are not a decent human being to them, it just means you don't interact with them.There's ignoring and then there's obnoxious passive aggressive stares, scolding someone for being affectionate to him, etc..Just think about season 1 when Bran is learning to shoot his bow and Jon, Rob, and Ned laugh. Then Cat gives him "the look." There's a well established pattern of this stuff in their history.
1364	Minsc	2013-04-08	I think that is exactly what the scene was added for.  I personally couldn't stand book Catelyn, so her death at the RW had very little effect on me compared to Robb's.  I saw it as Catelyn reaping what she sowed in ASoS.  If they make Catelyn into a more likable character it's going to be devastating when she gets her throat cut.How is it reaping what she sowed for a mother to watch what she believes is her last living son be murdered before her eyes just before being killed herself?
1365	David Selig	2013-04-08	I suppose that depends on how you define "mean" and "abusive", so this seems more semantics than anything.  But clearly, Jon knew how Catelyn felt about him, and that if it was up to her, he'd be out of Winterfell.  Ignoring and being cold to a child, to the point where the child knows he is not even welcome in the home in which he lives, strikes me as mean (not to mention what she said to Jon when Bran was injured), even though I wouldn't characterize that as "abusive".  So I don't see the inconsistency.Whatever you call it, how is it not an inconsistency? In the books, Cat wanted Jon gone from Winterfell and was cold to him, in the other, she prayed for his death when he was still a baby (and is a devout person clearly believing in the power of prayer). One of those things seems a lot worse to me.Being a decent human being to someone is some sort of hard unbearable responsibility?Nevermind Jon for now. Cat married Ned for political purposes, but she admits that over time she grew to love the guy. She could see that Jon meant the world to Ned, just as the rest of the children. The guy prayed to his gods (WoW/Bran's greendreams) that Rob and Jon could grow to love each other as brothers and that his wife would find it in her to love him as a son as well. Wrong.<U+0080><U+009C><U+0080> let them grow up close as brothers, with only love between them,<U+0080><U+009D> he prayed, <U+0080><U+009C>and let my lady wife find it in her heart to forgive <U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> That's it, even in his prayers Ned never expected or hoped for such a thing because it's simply absurd for the Westeros way of thinking.
1366	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-08	I didn't read the 2nd through the 8th pages, so I don't know if this has been hit upon. I wonder if this scene is setting up what we haven't seen in the books yet. I don't think Cat's arc in the books is done until she deals with Jon. She may need to help him in some way before she can move on and this scene on the show makes me wonder if they are setting that character arc up.
1367	Howdyphillip	2013-04-08	Ran has already mentioned that she felt guilty about that interaction when in the Vale.And I have already mentioned that isn't what happened in the text. What happens there is that she thinks of Jon Snow when she meets Mya Stone because Stone is a bastards name in the Vale. It says that the thought of him brought up anger and guilt. It never mentioned anything about her lashing out at him.
1368	Minsc	2013-04-08	There's ignoring and then there's obnoxious passive aggressive stares, scolding someone for being affectionate to him, etc..Just think about season 1 when Bran is learning to shoot his bow and Jon, Rob, and Ned laugh. Then Cat gives him "the look." There's a well established pattern of this stuff in their history.Yes, that is why Jon had such a distant relationship with his siblings.  Oh wait, every single one of his siblings seem to like him quite a bit.
1369	SeanF	2013-04-08	II see Catelyn, book and TV versions, as being a good person to her family, who behaves badly when it comes to Jon, and indifferent to anyone else who is beneath her class.  She most definitely hated him, and I wouldn't call 12 hours of praying showing love and kindness, it was a purely selfish guilt driven act in order to clear her conscience in case he died, and nothing more.   That is evident by the return of her hatred of him when he survived.  He's better now, guilt over, I still hate this little bastard.  Now she's full of, understandable, grief of losing her husband and fear for her children and is falling back on the Jon guilt because it's the only thing that makes sense, to her, in all of the madness going on right now.I think it would be going too far to say that Catelyn (in the books) "hated" Jon Snow.  "Disliked" or "resented" would be more accurate IMHO.  We later learn that she feels some guilt about this, when she's riding up to the Eyrie.So, it seems that the series has exaggerated her feelings towards Jon, raising them to hatred at one extreme, and a great deal of remorse for this hatred, at the other.Book Catelyn would never have prayed for Jon's death; but  nor would she be very sorry if he did die.  She wouldn't have been malevolent towards him, but would be quite happy never to see him again.  And. if Ned had said he was sending him away to squire for one of his bannermen, she'd have been quite content with that.
1370	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	So ... what you're saying is that I'm being "silly" for castigating behavior that you justify in the context of small children doing it all the time.  Children who make such declarations inevitably recant them past the heat of the moment, or when the implications of that wish are explained to them in full.More to the point, Catelyn is not a small child.  That she behaves like one in a moment of stress is precisely what makes her unsympathetic.  She is an adult woman who, as you say, was forced into a situation where a child who stood as a constant reminder of her husband's infidelity was forced into her daily presence.  So she takes out her frustration on Jon himself, which is irrational enough, not unlike Tywin Lannister blaming his wife's death on Tyrion.   But unlike even Tywin, she never has mixed emotions about Jon (Tywin at least acknowledges Tyrion's abilities to some degree, at times); when she deigns to think about him at all, it is always with resentment.  She says horrible things to him that she never recants.  She displays no complexity of thought or emotion toward these feelings in the books.  It's very one-note, and one-note plays better on the page than on the screen.Very well said!
1371	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Yes, that is why Jon had such a distant relationship with his siblings.  Oh wait, every single one of his siblings seem to like him quite a bit.Sansa doesn't, it seems whenever she thinks of him its mostly as an afterthought. Arya and Bran love the crap out of him. The Stark kids seem to ignore it, but that doesn't mean Jon doesn't recognize it.
1372	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Whatever you call it, how is it not an inconsistency? In the books, Cat wanted Jon gone from Winterfell and was cold to him, in the other, she prayed for his death when he was still a baby (and is a devout person clearly believing in the power of prayer). One of those things seems a lot worse to me.It's a matter of degree that doesn't change the basic nature of her view of Jon.  And I think they needed to add some punch to her feelings after omitting the "it should have been you" line from the first season.  Which is worse -- secretly wishing someone dead (HBO), or telling that to them to their face (books)?   So yes, it's a change, but no, I don't see it as a particular inconsistency.
1373	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Yes, that is why Jon had such a distant relationship with his siblings.  Oh wait, every single one of his siblings seem to like him quite a bit.No thanks to Catelyn.
1374	StarkBlack21	2013-04-08	TV Catelyn works better for TV.
1375	Minsc	2013-04-08	Sansa doesn't, it seems whenever she thinks of him its mostly as an afterthought. Arya and Bran love the crap out of him. The Stark kids seem to ignore it, but that doesn't mean Jon doesn't recognize it.Sansa remembers him affectionately in AFOC, and Jon remembers her fondly also at various times.  Moreover, their relationship seems good enough that he went to her for advice on how to talk to girls and so forth while she feels sympathy for him when she realizes that Wall wasn't made up only of Benjens but also scary ugly men in AGOT.
1376	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I think it would be going too far to say that Catelyn (in the books) "hated" Jon Snow.  "Disliked" or "resented" would be more accurate IMHO.  We later learn that she feels some guilt about this, when she's riding up to the Eyrie.So, it seems that the series has exaggerated her feelings towards Jon, raising them to hatred at one extreme, and a great deal of remorse for this hatred, at the other.Book Catelyn would never have prayed for Jon's death; but  nor would she be very sorry if he did die.  She wouldn't have been malevolent towards him, but would be quite happy never to see him again.  And. if Ned had said he was sending him away to squire for one of his bannermen, she'd have been quite content with that.This.  In the Books, Catelyn's feelings toward Jon are fairly flat.  The series is clearly very consciously amplifying the highs and the lows.  I think it plays a lot better.
1377	David Selig	2013-04-08	Sansa doesn't, it seems whenever she thinks of him its mostly as an afterthought. Arya and Bran love the crap out of him. The Stark kids seem to ignore it, but that doesn't mean Jon doesn't recognize it.There is no "it". In the 1000+ pages of Stark kids PoV isn't a single quote that shows Catelyn scolding any of them for being affectionate to him. Believe me, I'd love it if there was, but there isn't.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 08 April 2013 - 11:02 AM.
1378	Maia	2013-04-08	But clearly, Jon knew how Catelyn felt about him, and that if it was up to her, he'd be out of Winterfell.And Ned knew that as well, yet he perpetuated this situation, fully aware that it was hurting both Cat and Jon. Yes, yes, we know that he had his reasons, but Cat didn't know them - by Ned's own choice. So let's not transfer the blame from where it squarely belongs, eh?If my wife cheated on me and had a baby, I'd be pissed at her, and she'd probably be my ex-wife, but if I treated that child more poorly than I'd treat any other child, I'd feel guilty.So, you admit that you wouldn't raise this child as your own, then? I.e. that you hold Cat to a much higher moral standard than you do yourself? And Cat did feel somewhat guilty even so.True, but the other poster was drawing an equivalency between Ned fathering a bastard, and Catelyn bearing one.  And in Westeros, those two things are not equivalent.Well, you do expect Cat to disregard Westerosi rules and conventions, possibly to the detriment of her own offspring, so why not expect the same of Ned? It is not like you give Cat a pass for adhering to how the things are done in Westeros, after all, so why should Ned get one?
1379	JMJ	2013-04-08	Clearly you didn't read her chapters at all then, because the show version is NOT the same AT ALL.In the books, Catelyn is simply neutral to Jon (apart from one time when she's at her lowest point), and she never feels the need to apologise for this because she knows there is nothing wrong with her behaviour. Jon is not her child and he represents a danger to her family. She owes him nothing.In the books, Catelyn does not identify herself as Jon's (step) mother. He's her husband's bastard; he has absolutely no connection to her.In the books, Catelyn is not defined by her interaction with Jon Snow.That's not really a cool way to rebut that statement. Because my interpretation of Cat differs  from you, there's no need to say I didn't read the chapters on Cat. Not very mature, IMO. Besides, being okay with this scene is not tantamount to saying Cat's character is defined by her interaction with Jon. It's just ONE SCENE in the show. I am certainly not extrapolating the one scene to Cat's entire character portrayal. Second, Cat in the books is not exactly "neutral" about Jon, as you put it. She has mixed feelings about him - that is made very clear in AGOT.Also, keep in mind that for the TV format, the writers can't easily do a POV technique, so we can't really get inside a character's head like we can in the books. I saw that speech (like many others in the show) as the writers' "crutch" or at the very least technique to provide what they interpret as the thoughts going on inside a character's head. Talisa was there just as a prop to enable the viewer to hear Cat's thoughts. I personally think Cat definitely harbored the feelings she expressed to Talisa. The pox story was merely the vehicle to explain her mixed feelings about Jon.Lastly, I just can't say with any certainty, but I believe, as others do, that this scene is also in part a setup for some of the action later. Whether it's Cat's eventual horror at seeing Robb die and realizing Jon will be the only surviving male "Stark", or if it's somehow going to tie into the whole R+L=J reveal in the show, I can't say.
1380	lightbringer333	2013-04-08	i dont think the cat talisa scene is weird where we see cat developing little soft corner towards jon.
if we go back in season 2 we see Jamie scene with cat where he ask why she hated Jon and further asks her why didnt she hated her beloved Ned too, who fucked another woman ?? i think that was major turning point for cat which made her turn little soft towards Jon. and that's where she somehow accepted that she had also did some bad things in her life.
					
					
							Edited by lightbringer333, 08 April 2013 - 11:24 AM.
1381	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I think it would be going too far to say that Catelyn (in the books) "hated" Jon Snow.  "Disliked" or "resented" would be more accurate IMHO.  We later learn that she feels some guilt about this, when she's riding up to the Eyrie.So, it seems that the series has exaggerated her feelings towards Jon, raising them to hatred at one extreme, and a great deal of remorse for this hatred, at the other.Book Catelyn would never have prayed for Jon's death; but  nor would she be very sorry if he did die.  She wouldn't have been malevolent towards him, but would be quite happy never to see him again.  And. if Ned had said he was sending him away to squire for one of his bannermen, she'd have been quite content with that.We must agree to disagree on our impressions of Catelyn.  She hated Jon so much that she wanted so no name male in the Vale for Robb's heir, over Jon, her beloved Ned's own blood.   She immediately had bad feelings toward Mya Stone because she was a bastard, then started to feel guilty about it, because Mya hadn't done anything to her.  If that is not hate, I'm not sure what is.   For obvious reasons Mya Stone and the climb was left out of the show.
1382	oakenhelm	2013-04-08	I didn't read the 2nd through the 8th pages, so I don't know if this has been hit upon. I wonder if this scene is setting up what we haven't seen in the books yet. I don't think Cat's arc in the books is done until she deals with Jon. She may need to help him in some way before she can move on and this scene on the show makes me wonder if they are setting that character arc up.I agree. I think we have to be open to the possibility that rather than seeing Cat being "ruined" by the TV show, we were actually being spoiled to a degree by some unknown future event.There are just too many possibilities. We don't know Stoneheart's end game. If she does end up saving Jon, last night's scene will make a lot more sense than just simply being indifferent to Jon
1383	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Sansa remembers him affectionately in AFOC, and Jon remembers her fondly also at various times.  Moreover, their relationship seems good enough that he went to her for advice on how to talk to girls and so forth while she feels sympathy for him when she realizes that Wall wasn't made up only of Benjens but also scary ugly men in AGOT.Alright fair enough. Though you're completely overlooking the fact that there were these microevents. Hell, the scene in the show I mentioned earlier was one of them.There is no "it". In the 1000+ pages of Stark kids PoV isn't a single quote that shows Catelyn scolding any of them for being affectionate to him. Believe me, I'd love it if there was, but there isn't.Fair enough there is no direct textual support for this, but I think there's plenty of subtextual support to infer this. As mentioned before, Martin has said that while her outburst in the Bran/Jon departing scene was an isolated incedent, there is a well established pattern of behavior of Cat being negflectful to Jon.Here's the thing about trauma (whether its from abuse or something else): you can go your entirelife being subjected to something and not suffer negative consequences from it, though in many cases there are. All it takes for something to become traumatic are the right situations. Something like just having a generally bad day and then having something else go bad, even if it's miniscule and inconsequential, can really put a hurt on you.I see the trauma and abuse Jon suffered at the hands of Cat as a sort of death by a thousand cuts. She never beat him, she never berated him over things (minus that one scene with Bran) but the looks and feelings she invoked in him did their job.
1384	David Selig	2013-04-08	I agree. I think we have to be open to the possibility that rather than seeing Cat being "ruined" by the TV show, we were actually being spoiled to a degree by some unknown future event.There are just too many possibilities. We don't know Stoneheart's end game. If she does end up saving Jon, last night's scene will make a lot more sense than just simply being indifferent to Jon No way in hell. Never going to happen in the books. It won't make any sense.
1385	SeanF	2013-04-08	The poor relationship between Catelyn and Jon really isn't the fault of either character.  It's down to circumstances beyond the control of either of them.
One could say that Ned was just extremely selfish - were it not for the fact that most people - on this forum at least - consider that Ned has good reason not to reveal his true identity.
					
					
							Edited by SeanF, 08 April 2013 - 11:23 AM.
1386	Maia	2013-04-08	She hated Jon so much that she wanted so no name male in the Vale for Robb's heir, over Jon, her beloved Ned's own blood.I guess that Robb hates his sisters a whole lot more then, because he desinherited them, "beloved Ned's own bood" in favor of a Black Brother, who is excluded from succession by laws thousands of years old. Laws so sacred that even the last scion of an Iron King upheld them. Not to mention that if one of the girls was recovered, she could marry this Vale heir, retaining her inheritance after a fashion and blood ties of Starks with the Riverlands. It is funny how some folk are totally cool with how things are done in Westeros when they apply to women, but are up in  arms against how they apply to (male) bastards...
1387	SeanF	2013-04-08	I see the trauma and abuse Jon suffered at the hands of Cat as a sort of death by a thousand cuts. She never beat him, she never berated him over things (minus that one scene with Bran) but the looks and feelings she invoked in him did their job.Jon had a better childhood than 99.9% of the population, as Donal Noye was at pains to make clear to him.
1388	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	And Ned knew that as well, yet he perpetuated this situation, fully aware that it was hurting both Cat and Jon.Yes, yes, we know that he had his reasons, but Cat didn't know them - by Ned's own choice. So let's not transfer the blame from where it squarely belongs, eh?I think you're the one doing that.I am not denying that, in Catelyn's mind, Ned could have avoided all that by sending Jon elsewhere.  That still doesn't excuse Catelyn's treatment of a kid who had done nothing wrong.  She transferred anger that justifiably should have been directed at Ned, to child who did nothing wrong. I'm arguing for shared guilt. Ned for fathering the bastard and bringing it home, Catelyn for the way she treated Jon.So, you admit that you wouldn't raise this child as your own, then? I.e. that you hold Cat to a much higher moral standard than you do yourself?It depends on whether I chose to stay married to the mother.  If the father was completely/permanently out of the picture, and I chose to remain married and have the child raised in my home, I would absolutely raise it as my own.  Punishing a child because of the sin of the mother or father is morally wrong, at least to me.  And Cat did feel somewhat guilty even so.Why in the world should she feel guilt if she had absolutely nothing to feel guilty about?This is an odd conversation, because I've long been a fan of Catelyn.  I think the way she treated Jon was wrong, but I don't think it makes her an overall bad person.  She had a wrong, but understandable, reaction to Jon.  That doesn't make her evil, it just makes her human.But it also doesn't make it right.Well, you do expect Cat to disregard Westerosi rules and conventions, possibly to the detriment of her own offspring, so why not expect the same of Ned? It is not like you give Cat a pass for adhering to how the things are done in Westeros, after all, so why should Ned get one?I don't.  I'm not sure where you're getting any of this.   As readers, we know that Ned is actually being incredibly honorable, so I'd give him a pass on that basis alone for bringing Jon to Winterfell.  But assuming that isn't the case....From Catelyn's perspective, and not assuming that Jon is Rhaegar's son, she has every right to be angry at Ned for fathering a bastard.  She also has a right to be mad at him for bringing the boy back to Winterfell, although I'd point out that action actually damages Ned's reputation as well.  What is understandable, though still not morally right, is her treatment of Jon.  Which Catelyn herself implicitly acknowledges via subsequent feelings of guilt.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 11:31 AM.
1389	KineticMD	2013-04-08	No way in hell. Never going to happen in the books. It won't make any sense.Why is that? Stoneheart hates Freys and undoubtedly hates Boltons as well. Before he got stabbed at the end of Dance, Jon Snow was about to be in a position to fight both families (Stannis notwithstanding), many of whom are actually perpetrators of the Red Wedding (especially the Frey side). If she and the Brotherhood got wind of the situation in the North, going through with a resurrection would make perfect sense for facilitating the vengeance Stoneheart wants.What wouldn't make sense is how she would be even remotely be close enough to the Wall to save Jon in time or how she would get knowledge of both the North's happenings and Jon's ambiguous "death".
					
					
							Edited by KineticMD, 08 April 2013 - 11:32 AM.
1390	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Yes, GRRM said that this was the only time she lashed out at Jon in this particular manner, but he also goes to great depths to describe how tumultuous the relationship actually was. So there was a negative pattern of behavior established in the text.As for the apology, I have never said that she had to ride up to the wall and bring flowers. I am just saying that she never acknowledged to herself that her actions were wrong either through an apology or the thought of an apology at any time.In my mind, Catelyn Stark is not exonerated for her treatment of Jon Snow in any way on the books. I also feel like it makes the character richer and more believably human. She is one of my favorites.I agree with this.   If the author and creators' intentions were clear we would not be discussing it.  So either, it was an error on GRRM's part or it was intentional in order to create debate.  Cat was never a favorite of mine, although, I do like the character.
1391	Minsc	2013-04-08	there is a well established pattern of behavior of Cat being negflectful to Jon.Again neglect implies she owes him something which she didn't.  Simply, she ignored him and didn't act like his mother because she wasn't.  It is not different then how Ned refused to play daddy for Theon, despite Theon's wishes, because he wasn't his father yet no one argues Ned was abusive/neglectful to him.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 11:32 AM.
1392	oakenhelm	2013-04-08	No way in hell. Never going to happen in the books. It won't make any sense.Because of logistics or because of what we think of how Cat feels toward Jon/other motivations?
1393	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Jon had a better childhood than 99.9% of the population, as Donal Noye was at pains to make clear to him.So? Rich pampered kids get screwed up too just take a look at any kid star these days. You can have all the wealth in the world, if someone disrupts your family structure (Cat) it can screw you up too.Donal Noye's critique about Jon is more about him being smug to the lowborn recruits of the watch than anything else.
1394	Ran	2013-04-08	That's a very fine comparison, Minsc, I think. It highlights the double-standard most run eith.
1395	Katsa	2013-04-08	It is certainly interesting to see how this discussion is going. On one extreme side, we have fans who think that Cat is the reincarnation of evil for choosing not to love a child that isn't hers. On the other extreme side, we have fans who think that Jon should consider himself lucky for not being physically abused or murdered by Cat.
From mere observation, I think this scene is generally well liked by TV-only fans or book fans who hate Cat. I think that if they've cut out the part where Cat prayed for his death (i.e. just stick to pray for him to be gone), the scene would have been slightly better.
					
					
							Edited by Katsa, 08 April 2013 - 11:35 AM.
1396	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I guess that Robb hates his sisters a whole lot more then, because he desinherited them, "beloved Ned's own bood" in favor of a Black Brother, who is excluded from succession by laws thousands of years old. Laws so sacred that even the last scion of an Iron King upheld them.Not to mention that if one of the girls was recovered, she could marry this Vale heir, retaining her inheritance after a fashion and blood ties of Starks with the Riverlands.It is funny how some folk are totally cool with how things are done in Westeros when they apply to women, but are up in  arms against how they apply to (male) bastards...That is silly.  They think that Ayra may be dead and he did not want The Lannisters to gain control of Winterfell through Sansa via her marraige to Tyrion.  It's pretty well spelled out.
1397	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Again neglect implies she owes him something which she didn't.  Simply, she ignored him and didn't act like his mother because she wasn't.  It is not different then how Ned refused to play daddy for Theon, despite Theon's wishes, because he wasn't yet no one argues Ned was abusive to him.Theon would. And that's the point. Everything is subjective. Theon's hurt and resentful because he wanted nothing more than to be a Stark but there was always Ned's duty a hostage keeper preventing that from happening. This is pretty much the same with Jon. It seems like an inability on your part to empathize with the characters.
1398	Ran	2013-04-08	The appropriate middle ground is that Ned inflicted an untenable situation on both Catelyn and Jon, and they are victims of his secrets.
1399	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	TV Catelyn works better for TV.Yes, they've changed Catelyn, Cersei and Sansa for TV in order to make their characters more sympathetic, which I don't have a problem with.
1400	Pixi Penrose	2013-04-08	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1401	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-08	I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.this scene was excellent foreshadowing for her character but I was also torn because it's not something that was in the books but at the same time so much of Cat's chapters are internal and she often voices her disdain for Jon so it doesn't really change her that much but makes her a more hardened person like a STONE.
1402	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Again neglect implies she owes him something which she didn't.  Simply, she ignored him and didn't act like his mother because she wasn't.  It is not different then how Ned refused to play daddy for Theon, despite Theon's wishes, because he wasn't his father yet no one argues Ned was abusive/neglectful to him.Theon wasn't a bastard missing a parent.  He had a very real father, and Ned actually treating him as a son/calling him a son would have been bizarre.  He was a foster child but also, technically, a hostage.But even apart from that, I think Ned treated Theon much better than Catelyn ever treated Jon.  He took him on their outings together, and it's quite clear that Theon felt some affection for Ned.  He included Theon in family events as much as possible, hunting with the other boys, etc., without any hint of resentment at doing so. Whereas it's pretty clear that Catelyn's view of Jon was the opposte.   She wanted Jon gone, and Jon well knew that.  She refused to even let him stay in the castle when Ned left, forcing him to the Wall.  Catelyn had an antipathy and dislike for Jon that had no equivalent in Ned's treatment of Theon.  Again, would Theon have avoided going in to see Bran if Ned were there, as Jon very clearly did so with Catelyn?  By way of perspective, it's impossible imagine Ned ever displaying the bitterness of "it should have been you" to Theon, because he had absolutely zero ill will of any kind towards him.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 11:44 AM.
1403	pobeb	2013-04-08	Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night.Jon survives the "long night" with the help of Catelyn's "prayers"...Oh these showrunners...
1404	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	It is certainly interesting to see how this discussion is going. On one extreme side, we have fans who think that Cat is the reincarnation of evil for choosing not to love a child that isn't hers. On the other extreme side, we have fans who think that Jon should consider himself lucky for not being physically abused or murdered by Cat.Yea that dichotomy really seems to pop out around here. I don't think she's the reincarnation of evil though. I understand her (or try to), but I dislike her for reasons that don't pertain to her relationship with Jon.
1405	Minsc	2013-04-08	Theon would. And that's the point. Everything is subjective. Theon's hurt and resentful because he wanted nothing more than to be a Stark but there was always Ned's duty a hostage keeper preventing that from happening. This is pretty much the same with Jon. It seems like an inability on your part to empathize with the characters.I feel for both Theon(my favorite character) and Jon on that matter as I know what it feels like to feel isolated.  The point is that I also understand where both Catelyn and Ned are coming from and how this explains their actions of how they really didn't have a duty to play false mommy/daddy for these isolated boys unless they themselves were up to it.Moreover, I was criticizing the double standard on how Catelyn is repeatedly criticized by fans for not playing mommy for Jon yet one almost never hears anyone criticize Ned for not playing daddy to Theon.  Hell, the majority of fans pretend that Theon should have been unequivocally loyal to Ned's memory because he was so well treated (i.e not thrown in a dungeon) yet no one argues that Jon is wrong to be bitter about Catelyn being distant to him.
1406	SeanF	2013-04-08	So? Rich pampered kids get screwed up too just take a look at any kid star these days. You can have all the wealth in the world, if someone disrupts your family structure (Cat) it can screw you up too.Donal Noye's critique about Jon is more about him being smug to the lowborn recruits of the watch than anything else.Jon is not a pampered rich kid who's neglected by his parents (that fits Tyrion better).   But, he's had the same lordly upbringing as the rest of the Stark children, the same education, the same military training.  And, Ned, Robb and Arya are all very close to him.
1407	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I feel for both Theon(my favorite character) and Jon on that matter as I know what it feels like to feel isolated.  The point is that I also understand where both Catelyn and Ned are coming from and how this explains their actions of how they really didn't have a duty to play false mommy/daddy for these isolated boys unless they themselves were up to it.Moreover, I was criticizing the double standard on how Catelyn is repeatedly criticized by fans for not playing mommy for Jon yet one almost never hears anyone criticize Ned for not playing daddy to Theon.  Hell, the majority of fans pretend that Theon should have been unequivocally loyal to Ned's memory because he was so well treated (i.e not thrown in a dungeon) yet no one argues that Jon is wrong to be bitter about Catelyn being distant to him.Theon was a hostage, who had a real father to whom he was going to return.  Jon was not a hostage, and did not have a mother whom he'd ever see again.
1408	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Hell, the majority of fans pretend that Theon should have been unequivocally loyal to Ned's memory because he was so well treated (i.e not thrown in a dungeon) yet no one argues that Jon is wrong to be bitter about Catelyn being distant to him.He wasn't treated well. That's the point. He was provided for and instructed in martial combat, but Theon himself admits that there was always the looming threat of being beheaded by Ned.Imagine that a guy killed your brothers, left your father in practical ruin and then decided to take you in as a ward (read: hostage). Despite all of that you grow to respect, and in some regards even love the man and his family. And despite all of that, there was always the looming threat of having your head chopped off by the same man. Ned was cold to Theon, don't kid yourself. He had to be in case he had to lop his head off.
1409	Minsc	2013-04-08	Theon was a hostage, who had a real father to whom he was going to return.  Jon was not a hostage, and did not have a mother whom he'd ever see again.Ned had a father whom he likely saw a number of times, yet that didn't stop Jon Arryn from acting as a surrogate father to him.  Additionally, looking at what the terms of Theon's status of being a hostage where it was likely he wasn't going to be able to return home until his father died and he was meant to take up the lordship of the Iron Islands.He wasn't treated well. That's the point. He was provided for and instructed in martial combat, but Theon himself admits that there was always the looming threat of being beheaded by Ned.Imagine that a guy killed your brothers, left your father in practical ruin and then decided to take you in as a ward (read: hostage). Despite all of that you grow to respect, and in some regards even love the man and his family. And despite all of that, there was always the looming threat of having your head chopped off by the same man. Ned was cold to Theon, don't kid yourself. He had to be in case he had to lop his head off.I know, I am criticizing a double standard on how Cat/Ned respectively treated Jon/Theon and how that is viewed by many fans.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 11:52 AM.
1410	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	It is certainly interesting to see how this discussion is going. On one extreme side, we have fans who think that Cat is the reincarnation of evil for choosing not to love a child that isn't hers. On the other extreme side, we have fans who think that Jon should consider himself lucky for not being physically abused or murdered by Cat.What I don't understand is that any criticism/assignment of blame to Catelyn on this topic is taken as her being the reincarnation of evil.  That's somewhat understandable because the history here is that some fans of Jon Snow absolutely despise Catelyn because of how she treated their favorite character.  But it is also possible to say "I think Catelyn was wrong for the way she treated him" without blowing it out of proportion, and without ignoring all the other ways it in which she was a good person.  I personally liked her.  She was a loving mother and devoted to her family, but she wasn't a saint and fell short of what you'd hope to see with her treatment of Jon.  I think that makes her a good person who didn't measure up in this one area, not a bad person.That's a middle ground that actually exists.
1411	Katsa	2013-04-08	Yea that dichotomy really seems to pop out around here. I don't think she's the reincarnation of evil though. I understand her (or try to), but I dislike her for reasons that don't pertain to her relationship with Jon.Just to be clear, I wasn't referring to you. I think it was on the first few early to middle pages of this thread?I personally do get the point you are trying to get across. My boyfriend is in a situation somewhat similar to Jon; i.e. has a stepmother who is cold towards him and gives him the impression that he is unwanted. I have a problem with anyone trying to downplay this because, while isn't an abusive act, it hurts. Like crazy. And it still has a huge impact on a growing child.And yet I don't blame Cat for acting the way she did, either. She was raised with a Westerosi line of thinking, and the concept of raising a bastard in a castle of your trueborns is completely alien to her... what more accepting/loving her husband's bastard born as her trueborn son.It's a really complex situation lol.I personally liked her.  She was a loving mother and devoted to her family, but she wasn't a saint and fell short of what you'd hope to see with her treatment of Jon.  I think that makes her a good person who didn't measure up in this one area, not a bad person.I do personally agree with this. Cheers! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />(edited for spelling)
					
					
							Edited by Katsa, 08 April 2013 - 11:56 AM.
1412	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Ned had a father whom he likely saw a number of times, yet that didn't stop Jon Arryn from acting as a surrogate father to him.  Additionally, looking at what the terms of Theon's status of being a hostage where it was likely he wasn't going to be able to return home until his father died and he was meant to take up the lordship of the Iron Islands.That's because Ned wasn't a hostage, and Theon was.  Ned's treatment of Theon was limited for that reason.  Catelyn's treatment of Jon wasn't limited by anything except her own anger/resentment at Jon for being the symbol of Ned's infidelity.
1413	Minsc	2013-04-08	That's because Ned wasn't a hostage, and Theon was.  Ned's treatment of Theon was limited for that reason.  Catelyn's treatment of Jon wasn't limited by anything except her own anger/resentment at Jon for being the symbol of Ned's infidelity.So Ned is exempt from Jon Arryn's example because his actions were dictated on punishing an innocent child for his father's actions?  Seems like that is a complaint one hears commonly about another character's interactions with an innocent child.Either both had a responsibility to play parent or neither did in my mind.
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 11:59 AM.
1414	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	I have a problem with anyone trying to downplay this because, while isn't an abusiveact, it hurts. Like crazy.Well I guess here's where we disagree. I think being overtly hostile to a child is an act of abuse.
1415	SeanF	2013-04-08	What I don't understand is that any criticism/assignment of blame to Catelyn on this topic is taken as her being the reincarnation of evil.  That's somewhat understandable because the history here is that some fans of Jon Snow absolutely despise Catelyn because of how she treated their favorite character.  But it is also possible to say "I think Catelyn was wrong for the way she treated him" without blowing it out of proportion, and without ignoring all the other ways it in which she was a good person.  I personally liked her.  She was a loving mother and devoted to her family, but she wasn't a saint and fell short of what you'd hope to see with her treatment of Jon.  I think that makes her a good person who didn't measure up in this one area, not a bad person.That's a middle ground that actually exists.Initially, when I was reading AGOT, I considered Catelyn to be stuck up and obnoxious, in large measure, due to her treatment of Jon.  My view changed once I had the chance to reflect on her situation, and how humiliating it would be for a woman to be in her position (also, whereas Jon's first chapters induce a lot of sympathy for him, some later chapters at the Wall show him acting like a self-pitying spoilt brat).
1416	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Ned had a father whom he likely saw a number of times, yet that didn't stop Jon Arryn from acting as a surrogate father to him.  Additionally, looking at what the terms of Theon's status of being a hostage where it was likely he wasn't going to be able to return home until his father died and he was meant to take up the lordship of the Iron Islands.I know, I am criticizing a double standard on how Cat/Ned respectively treated Jon/Theon and how that is viewed by many fans.Ned was a ward, not a hostage of war.   Ned was there as a grant of goodwill between families of the North and South, not, as the means to prevent treason.  Why would Ned get close to a person whom he might have to behead one day?  Jon was neither a hostage or a ward.
1417	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Again neglect implies she owes him something which she didn't.  Simply, she ignored him and didn't act like his mother because she wasn't.  It is not different then how Ned refused to play daddy for Theon, despite Theon's wishes, because he wasn't his father yet no one argues Ned was abusive/neglectful to him.Again, this doesn't explain why Jon is frightened to go visit Bran until the very last day before he leaves.  He is frightened of being in the same room as her, to the point where he (correctly) predicts that she will not react positively even to the purely unobjectionable sentiment to say goodbye to Bran before he leaves.  This does not bespeak having simply been ignored.Robb knows it, too, which is why he queries Jon as to Catelyn's treatment of him after Jon visits Bran anyway.  Jon lies and says that she was kind.  It's hinted that Robb knows Jon is lying, but goes along to keep the peace.The rose-colored glasses with which even book experts view Book!Cat is astonishing.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 08 April 2013 - 12:07 PM.
1418	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	The rose-colored glasses with which even book experts view Book!Cat is astonishing.Pretty much this, though I think it extends to pretty much all characters. Take Ned as an example: many fans completely overlook some of the bad stuff he does because he's such a nice guy, when in fact he was a deeply flawed character.
1419	Minsc	2013-04-08	Why would Ned get close to a person whom he might have to behead one day?  Jon was neither a hostage or a ward.Why would Catelyn get close to a person that one day might try to usurp her own children's or grandchildren's claim?
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 12:05 PM.
1420	Gannicus	2013-04-08	Again, this doesn't explain why Jon is frightened to go visit Jon until the very last day before he leaves.  He is frightened of being in the same room as her, to the point where he (correctly) predicts that she will not react positively even to the purely unobjectionable sentiment to say goodbye to Bran before he leaves.  This does not bespeak having simply been ignored.Robb knows it, too, which is why he queries Jon as to Catelyn's treatment of him after Jon visits Bran anyway.  Jon lies and says that she was kind.  It's hinted that Robb knows Jon is lying, but goes along to keep the peace.The rose-colored glasses with which even book experts view Book!Cat is astonishing.For sure, for some she can do no wrong and that get's a bit tiresome. But she's still a cool character who's a pretty good egg 90% of the time.I didn't have a problem with the scene. I don't think this changes her character much either. In fact I think it makes her more sympathetic because she realizes it's not Jon's fault. It was added simply to set-up/foreshadow a bit.
1421	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	So Ned is exempt from Jon Arryn's example because his actions were dictated on punishing an innocent child for his father's actions?  Seems like that is a complaint one hears commonly about another character's interactions with an innocent child.Ned wasn't punishing Theon, and there isn't a shred of evidence that he held an ounce of ill-will or resentment towards Theon.  None.  And there's no evidence that Theon felt he did.Either both had a responsibility to play parent or neither did in my mind.I don't believe either Ned or Catelyn had to play parent, though I think the option was much more open to Catelyn than to Ned if they chose to do so.  Ned simply could not have established a true parental relationship with hostage Theon.  Catelyn, could have, had she chosen, treated baby Jon as one of her own.In any case, Catelyn  went beyond not just being his parent.  She was affirmatively cold and exclusive towards him as much as she could get away with, to the point where Jon was well-aware of that and was uncomfortable being in the same room with her.  Her mindset was revealed by her "it should have been you" comment, although it took that grief for her to say that to him out loud.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 12:16 PM.
1422	jons nissa	2013-04-08	Yes, GRRM said that this was the only time she lashed out at Jon in this particular manner, but he also goes to great depths to describe how tumultuous the relationship actually was. So there was a negative pattern of behavior established in the text.this! i actually think this quote was grrm's way to try to stop the negative attention she was receiving from some fans because although she only told jon once something as hateful as "it should have been you" there was indeed a clear pattern of negative behavior established. in fact, the first thing that robb asks jon after he goes to say goodbye to bran is "how was my mother?". cat's feelings were clear to the point that her children all knew how she felt. it doesn't mean the feelings weren't human but they were definitely there enough to make the older children worry about interactions between jon and their mother.it was a difficult situation for sure but cat is not totally innocent in the books. she even thinks so herself when she states she fell completely in love with  ned but never could manage to find love for jon. those sentiments insinuate that she should but couldn't and this seems to be her own interpretation of what a mother should be since westeros does support having bastards separated from true born. perhaps it might have been easier for her if she hadn't tried to do more than was expected. perhaps it is the conflict expressed in this scene that truly led to her anger and negative emotions regarding jon.Alright fair enough. Though you're completely overlooking the fact that there were these microevents. Hell, the scene in the show I mentioned earlier was one of them.i don't think sansa's thinking of jon were microevents. i think she truly sees jon differently - more positively - but only after she herself became a bastard. which is normal for westeros culture.The appropriate middle ground is that Ned inflicted an untenable situation on both Catelyn and Jon, and they are victims of his secrets.i agree with this. it was difficult for both. no one can deny that.
1423	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Again, this doesn't explain why Jon is frightened to go visit Jon until the very last day before he leaves.  He is frightened of being in the same room as her, to the point where he (correctly) predicts that she will not react positively even to the purely unobjectionable sentiment to say goodbye to Bran before he leaves.  This does not bespeak having simply been ignored.Robb knows it, too, which is why he queries Jon as to Catelyn's treatment of him after Jon visits Bran anyway.  Jon lies and says that she was kind.  It's hinted that Robb knows Jon is lying, but goes along to keep the peace.This.  It wasn't just Catelyn not treating him as one of her own.  She didn't treat Theon as one of her own either, yet I don't think anyone believes he would have received the same reaciton had he come in to see Bran when Catelyn was there.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 12:09 PM.
1424	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	i don't think sansa's thinking of jon were microevents. i think she truly sees jon differently - more positively - but only after she herself became a bastard. which is normal for westeros culture.The microevents I was referring to were Cat's passive aggressive mannerisms with Jon. I should have been more clear.
1425	Gannicus	2013-04-08	Why would Catelyn get close to a person that one day might try to usurp her own children's or grandchildren's claim?Oh come on.  There are 5 Starks do you really think that was Cat's concern?  Jon was a good kid who could have been raised by Ned Stark and Cat.  I don't think that combo is likely going to create a second Bastard of Bloton do you?I'm sure you know parents who have adopted children that they are still able to love even though they have blood related children.
1426	Katsa	2013-04-08	Initially, when I was reading AGOT, I considered Catelyn to be stuck up and obnoxious, in large measure, due to her treatment of Jon.  My view changed once I had the chance to reflect on her situation, and how humiliating it would be for a woman to be in her position (also, whereas Jon's first chapters induce a lot of sympathy for him, some later chapters at the Wall show him acting like a self-pitying spoilt brat).Most Jon fans have no problem admitting to the bolded part of your quote, though.By the way, I also disagree with the line of thinking that Jon was raised in a castle (and lived the noble life), and is therefore disqualified from being allowed to feel hurt by Cat not loving him. Both Cat and Jon are victims.Cat is my #1 favourite character and I have no problems with her being cold to Jon. It's the very thing that won her over for me, for some strange reason (I'd have liked her less if she went all saintly and loved Jon as her own son lol). One of the best written characters in the series, IMO. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1427	shiola	2013-04-08	To me it was her just lamenting after losing her other sons that if she had shown an inkling of kindness to Jon in essence she could have had another son to ease the pain of losing Bran and RickonThis is how I saw it as well.
1428	Minsc	2013-04-08	Ned wasn't punishing Theon, and there isn't a shred of evidence that he held an ounce of ill-will or resentment towards Theon.  None.  And there's no evidence that Theon felt he did.Ned forcibly took Theon from his mother, father, sister, and home to live in a foreign land where everyone was suspicious of him solely for his heritage because Balon messed up.  Yet, despite that Ned additionally was cold and distant to Theon to the degree that Theon felt resentment on that issue. Seems to me that Ned acted in way that directly isolated Theon and did little to provide him comfort for the loss of his family. Similarly, Catelyn was cold and distant to Jon to the degree that Jon felt resentment on that issue.  So I don't see the difference in their two actions of one being more wrong then the other.  The only real difference is we don't ever actually see Theon and Ned interact with each other from Theon's POV while we do see Jon's POV on Catelyn.
1429	Minsc	2013-04-08	Oh come on.  There are 5 Starks do you really think that was Cat's concern?  Jon was a good kid who could have been raised by Ned Stark and Cat.  I don't think that combo is likely going to create a second Bastard of Bloton do you?I'm sure you know parents who have adopted children that they are still able to love even though they have blood related children.Yet, besides Arya none of them look like a traditional Stark nor did she have five other kids the entire time Jon was present in her life. Yes, but they don't live in a Medieval Setting nor does most adoption begin with the couple having the child forced onto them without their permission.
1430	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Ned forcibly took Theon from his mother, father, sister, and home to live in a foreign land where everyone was suspicious of him solely for his heritage because Balon messed up.  Yet, despite that Ned additionally was cold and distant to Theon to the degree that Theon felt resentment on that issue.  Seems to me that Ned acted in way that directly isolated Theon and did little to provide him comfort for the loss of his family.That's because it was necessary as an act of state/war.  He was a hostage.  Jon wasn't.Similarly, Catelyn was cold and distant to Jon to the degree that Jon felt resentment on that issue.  So I don't see the difference in their two actions of one being more wrong then the other.  The only real difference is we don't ever actually see Theon and Ned interact with each other from Theon's POV while we do see Jon's POV on Catelyn.Okay, so you're saying that Theon felt just as uncomfortable in Ned's presence as Jon did in Catelyn's?  That if Ned had been at Bran's bedside, and Theon had walked in, Ned might have said "it should have been you"?  That Ned prayed at night for all those years that Theon would leave Winterfell? That Ned harbored resentment towards Theon?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 12:21 PM.
1431	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	I think we're forgeting something: Cat is dutyful, she says she always does what is expected out of her. If Ned wanted his son to be treated like his other kids, wouldn't Cat would be expected at least to accept him? He hasn't ever mistreated, just ignored him or made clear that he's not allowed to what the legitimate Stark kids are, but I guess Ned could have hoped for her to care a bit more. It wouldn't be completely out of character for Ned, though.I didn't like the pox story as Cat could have just delivered the "it should have been you" line when Jon visited Bran.  Now there's a bit of back tracking to cover the dynamic.Actually, that line makes sense because we know now that Jon indeed almost died. Had Jon died, then Cat wouldn't be "forced" to loved him or accepted him and there was no promise to break. But Jon survived, and she couldn't love the kid, hence, all the bad things that happened to them, starting with Bran.In the books, Catelyn does not identify herself as Jon's (step) mother. He's her husband's bastard; he has absolutely no connection to her.In the books, Catelyn is not defined by her interaction with Jon Snow.Because there is not interaction with Jon, but that doesn't mean that Jon is not a big part of their lives and problems, as his origin has been a shadow in her marriage due to Ned's secrecy. Jon has received the same privileges as her children, and she had to accepted it, while other women simply ask for the bastards kids to go away: that's something that defines a character and the dynamic of a relationship, as she learned to love Ned while ignoring the fact that he wanted his bastard to be loved as well. Now we know that showCat tried to care about him but couldn't, and she forgave his husband's "mistake": Cersei, otoh, never forgave Robert's and he didn't even give him a chance.
1432	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Why would Catelyn get close to a person that one day might try to usurp her own children's or grandchildren's claim?Paranoia over an event that might happen, Jon usurping her bloodline, and proven actions by Balon Greyjoy cannot be compared.
1433	Minsc	2013-04-08	Okay, so you're saying that Theon felt just as uncomfortable in Ned's presence as Jon did in Catelyn's?  That if Ned had been at Bran's bedside, and Theon had walked in, Ned might have said "it should have been you"?  That Ned prayed at night for all those years that Theon would leave Winterfell? That Ned harbored resentment towards Theon?Theon had enough resentment about not being accepted that he used it as partial justification for his decision to go and capture Winterfell, yet Jon resentment over Catelyn isn't enough that he is willing to accept Stannis's offer to make him Lord of Winterfell.Ned didn't resent Theon as he didn't represent a personal betrayal of him by his spouse not does his presence shame Ned and the Starks in front of the entire realm
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 12:31 PM.
1434	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	in my opinion, the way she treated a child that was born to another mother through no fault of his own was pretty shi tty.  Although, I think Ned is just as culpable as Cat for his poor treatment for holding all the info about Jon's birth from her.  Had he been honest, Cat might be more understanding. 
I have zero problem with the deviation of book Cat and show Cat.
1435	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	This.  It wasn't just Catelyn not treating him as one of her own.  She didn't treat Theon as one of her own either, yet I don't think anyone believes he would have received the same reaciton had he come in to see Bran when Catelyn was there.Right!  She didn't make Ned take his ward with him or get him out of Winterfell.
1436	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	*snip*Rather than get repetitive, I'll just say that I don't think Ned's treatment of Theon was comparable to Catelyn's treatment of Jon, and leave it at that.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 12:45 PM.
1437	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	in my opinion, the way she treated a child that was born to another mother through no fault of his own was pretty shi tty.  Although, I think Ned is just as culpable as Cat for his poor treatment for holding all the info about Jon's birth from her.  Had he been honest, Cat might be more understanding.I have zero problem with the deviation of book Cat and show Cat.Or, Cat would have sold him out to Robert in order to make sure that her children we safe.  I used to think that she would have kept the secret, however, after really getting into her character, I think not.
1438	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Ned forcibly took Theon from his mother, father, sister, and home to live in a foreign land where everyone was suspicious of him solely for his heritage because Balon messed up.  Yet, despite that Ned additionally was cold and distant to Theon to the degree that Theon felt resentment on that issue.Be real.  Theon was willing to fight and to die for the Starks, and took steps (that were ultimately, of course, rejected by Balon) to unite their houses in alliance.  It wasn't until after he took Winterfell that he played the "I was a hostage who feared for my life" card.  Yes, his situation sucked, but he never had any specific grievance toward his treatment by Ned.
1439	Gemma	2013-04-08	My biggest problem with Cat's speech in the show is that she talked about how she would beg Ned to legitimize Jon if her prayers were answered.
Cat would never have done that because it would have put her own children's inheritance at risk. As if she ever would have risked Jon inheriting Winterfell over Robb! It's laughable to think she'd even entertain the thought. Cat has always been very protective of her children and their rights and it was clear Jon's presence and part of the reason she could never warm to him was because his existence was a threat to her own children's claim.
We know Jon isn't conniving and had no intention of stealing Winterfell away from his trueborn siblings but the threat existed. One need only look to the Targaryens and their trouble with the Blackfyres (who were legitimized Targaryen bastards) to know things can get dicey in such a situation. No one can predict the future but she was always wary of the possibility.
I honestly don't blame Cat for being distant with Jon. She had no obligation to him. Ned was the one responsible for putting Cat and Jon in a terrible position. Cat tried to talk to Ned about Jon's mother and he shut her down so harshly she claims it was the only time he ever scared her.
Nonetheless, Jon was very well cared for. He had wetnurses/stewards to look after him, was well educated alongside his trueborn siblings, trained with Robb, etc. Cat never prevented him from enjoying these privileges or from having good relationships with her own children. It was just important that he know his status and that he could never inherit. 
Ned could have had him fostered elsewhere which might have been easier on Jon (as well as Cat). It had to suck being raised as a Stark knowing that you aren't one. His status as a bastard meant he was the odd one out and even if Cat had been warm to him it wouldn't have changed his status as an outsider. Short of legitimizing him, nothing else would have changed the fact that he was a Snow not a Stark.
1440	The Wolves	2013-04-08	I saw the scene and it annoyed me a lot. I didn't like the adaption that the show did to Catelyn's character maybe because I don't like a lot of the show's adaptions. I don't like Cat as a character and though Jon is my favorite character I can understand Cat's feelings regarding her husband's child I still hold her resentment towards Jon against her. But I didn't like it for a number of reasons, such as it not being true true to Cat's character
1441	Minsc	2013-04-08	You didn't answer the questions about how comfortable he felt in Ned's presense compared to how Jon felt in Catelyn's, whether it's reasonable to think Ned would have given a "it should have been you", etc..  Your ducking the comparison.Seeing how we never see them interact in either of their own POVs that is frankly impossible to answer.  The issue that Theon expresses some bitterness does express some displeasure on the issue of their relationship.Moreover, again there is nothing about Theon's presence that is a personal affront to Ned nor was he particularly forced onto Ned.
1442	David Selig	2013-04-08	Again, this doesn't explain why Jon is frightened to go visit Bran until the very last day before he leaves.  He is frightened of being in the same room as her, to the point where he (correctly) predicts that she will not react positively even to the purely unobjectionable sentiment to say goodbye to Bran before he leaves.  This does not bespeak having simply been ignored.Robb knows it, too, which is why he queries Jon as to Catelyn's treatment of him after Jon visits Bran anyway.  Jon lies and says that she was kind.  It's hinted that Robb knows Jon is lying, but goes along to keep the peace. At the time she was snapping at everyone due to grief and spending so long without sleep. And Jon knew she disliked him, so was understandably wary of provoking an outburst.
1443	Lady Octarina	2013-04-08	My biggest problem with Cat's speech in the show is that she talked about how she would beg Ned to legitimize Jon if her prayers were answered. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Still, that was possibly the most touching scene we ever had on GoT, so I can't complain. It also seems to me that they're trying to make her a more relatable character so people will feel her loss more strongly. I don't think this excuses the mess they've made of her arc since season two, but it's a valid way to make us cry at the RW.
1444	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	And Jon knew she disliked him....Isn't that the point?
1445	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-08	I've been scanning the pages which have emerged since last night (I knew this topic would be a popular one), so forgive me if I'm belaboring a point already made or rehashing. But, what's interesting to me is that I'm seeing a lot of sides being taken -- either Cat is the "bad guy" or the "good guy." I think GRRM would assert that she's neither, as he's said about all his characters. They all have one flaw or another, some more fatal than others.Yes, it's true that Cat was put in an unfair situation, having to live under the same roof with her husband's bastard. There's no denying it. I would even say that Cat is entitled to her resentment, and yes, I completely subscribe to the notion that she harbored resentment. Maybe "hate" is a strong word, and maybe her venom towards Jon at Bran's bedside was an isolated incident. However, I really don't think it's fair to say she was completely apathetic about him. Apathy would indicate she didn't care whether he lived or died, stayed or went. At the very least, she considered Jon a threat to her own children's birthright. In that sense, Jon was at least competition she needed to be wary of.Cat told him she'd wished it was him instead of Bran. Even if she didn't mean it, she specifically chose Jon to spit her venom at. I just cannot buy that Cat couldn't care less about Jon Snow.Jon was a reminder of Ned's supposed infidelity. I forget if this was an actual passage, but I believe she felt snubbed/disrespected by his presence due his origin. The murmurs among the help bothered her. He bothered her by extension -- in my opinion. It might not have been hate, but Cat was not apathetic towards Jon...even if the reasons behind her resentment had more to do with Ned than Jon.
1446	David Selig	2013-04-08	Isn't that the point?I thought the point was that Cat mistreated Jon so much that he was afraid to be in the same room with her....
1447	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-08	it's VERY simple...they are softening Cat up, making the non book reader care about her, sympathize with her, so when she gets her throat slit they'll care...this is Cat's redemption arc that will end with her death
1448	Juan_Snow	2013-04-08	How is it reaping what she sowed for a mother to watch what she believes is her last living son be murdered before her eyes just before being killed herself?OK, I may have been a bit harsh, but other than Jaime is there anyone more to blame for the war starting in the first place other than Cat?  There is also no way Tywin would have organized the whole thing in the first place if Jaime was still in a dungeon where he belonged.  A ton of the responsibility for the RW lies squarely on Cat's shoulders.
1449	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	My biggest problem with Cat's speech in the show is that she talked about how she would beg Ned to legitimize Jon if her prayers were answered.  Cat would never have done that because it would have put her own children's inheritance at risk.But isn't that kind of the point?  She didn't do that.  To me, Catelyn's speech was not intended to be her speaking logically and rationally.  I think it was intended to show her growing emotional distress at what was happening to her own children. Catelyn is both religious, and emotional.  I don't see anything implausible about an emotional, religious Catelyn who prayed for Jon to die suddenly freaking out when it looks like it may come true.  What kind of a mother prays for the death of a child?  And if the prayer is granted, what might the gods ask for in return?  So, she freaks.  She does a 180, stays up with him all night, prays for his recovery, makes a seven catcher, and makes emotional promises about how good she's going to be to him if he recovers.However, when he recovers, her natural animosity takes over and she doesn't follow through with any of that.  Particularly the legitimacy part, because that really would affect her blood children.  Plus, he hasn't died, so the gods won't be seeking recompense for having granted her prayers that he dies.But now, Robb may be screwed and has ostracized her, her daughters are missing, and Winterfell has fallen.  Bran and Rickon are both at risk, maybe dead.  So she freaks again, starts praying and making another seven catcher, and her old promise to the gods regarding Jon comes back to haunt her.  So in that state, she says how her broken vow is that cause of all this, etc..  It makes sense from her emotional/religious perspective, even if it makes no logical sense at all.
1450	David Selig	2013-04-08	OK, I may have been a bit harsh, but other than Jaime is there anyone more to blame for the war starting in the first place other than Cat?  LF, Tywin, Stannis, Ned, Renly, Varys....take your pick.There is also no way Tywin would have organized the whole thing in the first place if Jaime was still in a dungeon where he belonged Wrong.
1451	hazlnut	2013-04-08	This was all lifted from some back story narrative from the books.  Or am I mis-remembering.
1452	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?Jon is made a Stark, he then never goes to the Wall, he would either have gone to King's Landing with Ned and possibly saved him from his fate, or stayed in Winterfell with Bran and saved it from Theon...Jon going to the wall because he was a bastard had many consequences
1453	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I thought the point was that Cat mistreated Jon so much that he was afraid to be in the same room with her....Yes  Her treatment of him was sufficiently poor that he knew she did not like him, and held animosity towards him.  He therefore knew -- as did Robb -- that him going in to say goodbye to Bran in Catelyn's presence would probably cause a problem.  Jon's relunctance to enter that room, and Robb's questioning of him afterwards, makes no sense unless her animosity to him is recognized by both Jon and Robb.
1454	Minsc	2013-04-08	OK, I may have been a bit harsh, but other than Jaime is there anyone more to blame for the war starting in the first place other than Cat?  There is also no way Tywin would have organized the whole thing in the first place if Jaime was still in a dungeon where he belonged.  A ton of the responsibility for the RW lies squarely on Cat's shoulders.Littlerfinger?  Cersei?  Ned? Tywin? Joffrey?  All five of those individuals are just as responsible as Catelyn in starting the WotFk.Additionally, Tywin was already organizing the RW even before he knew that Jaime was free.
1455	The Wolves	2013-04-08	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Still, that was possibly the most touching scene we ever had on GoT, so I can't complain. It also seems to me that they're trying to make her a more relatable character so people will feel her loss more strongly. I don't think this excuses the mess they've made of her arc since season two, but it's a valid way to make us cry at the RW.Cat's thoughts as she saw Robb dying was enough to make anybody cry. Her pain and actions after seeing her "last" child die was the saddest scene IMO in the whole series so far. If the writers were creative and had some imagination to make viewers cry like the readers did when Cat cried for Ned to make the pain stop and cry out her childrens' names in pain than there is no reason to have added this scene. Disclaimer: Not that the writers of the show aren't creative and imaginative they're really good writers
1456	jons nissa	2013-04-08	My biggest problem with Cat's speech in the show is that she talked about how she would beg Ned to legitimize Jon if her prayers were answered. Cat would never have done that because it would have put her own children's inheritance at risk. As if she ever would have risked Jon inheriting Winterfell over Robb!Short of legitimizing him, nothing else would have changed the fact that he was a Snow not a Stark.i agree completely.
1457	kevin1989	2013-04-08	You're really, really, really wrong. It shows Catelyn is a BAD mother because she identifies herself as Jon's mother, meaning she failed as a mother to him. In contrast, book!Catelyn knows that she's not Jon's mother and therefore has no obligations towards him.This fandom is really living up to its reputation today...I'm talking about that a good mother most of the time blame themselves for the misery of their children, that's what Cat did. And about Jon. As she said, she wanted but couldn't.I talked a lot with people who are mother, and I see a lot of the talk that they have about their children in the things that Cat says.
1458	Minsc	2013-04-08	Jon is made a Stark, he then never goes to the Wall, he would either have gone to King's Landing with Ned and possibly saved him from his fate, or stayed in Winterfell with Bran and saved it from Theon...Jon going to the wall because he was a bastard had many consequencesHow is Jon supposed to defend Ned in King's Landing?  Additionally, Ned could have done even when Jon was a bastard without any real problem. Next, why would Robb keep Jon in Winterfell when he went down to war?
1459	The Wolves	2013-04-08	OK, I may have been a bit harsh, but other than Jaime is there anyone more to blame for the war starting in the first place other than Cat?  There is also no way Tywin would have organized the whole thing in the first place if Jaime was still in a dungeon where he belonged.  A ton of the responsibility for the RW lies squarely on Cat's shoulders.I blame Robert, Jamie, Cersei, Littlefinger, Varys, and Lysa for starting TWot5Ks
1460	David Selig	2013-04-08	Jon is made a Stark, he then never goes to the Wall, he would either have gone to King's Landing with Ned and possibly saved him from his fate, or stayed in Winterfell with Bran and saved it from Theon...Jon going to the wall because he was a bastard had many consequences LOL. Would Jon have fed all the poor in KL too since he's such a superhuman?
1461	Dustdevil	2013-04-08	Am I the only one who really loved this scene? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I mean if you know exactly what is going to happen in the books (Robb legitimising Jon and RW, meaning Cat loses every single one of her children except Jon and Sansa)then this is is a perfect setup for all the things that are about to happen. I also loved the close-up shot of the wooden puppet that she was adding to the rest of the... dreamcatcher, children-protection thingy? Whatever it is called, I just loved it because imo it is foreshadowing Robb being tied above the gates of the Twins after the Red Wedding with Grey Wind's head and that makes this scene even sadder as it symbolizes the loss of her "last" true son and shows the irony that Jon will be the only one left.
Imo it's a really good scene and I don't really get the hate it is getting from everyone. I mean, even if you look at Cat's character in the books and sum her character up in a nutshell then you get: Mother who will defend her children no matter the cost, is very dutiful and loves her husband a lot, which is why she can't believe that she this man, who was so honorable, would come home with a bastard.
1462	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Littlerfinger?  Cersei?  Ned? Tywin? Joffrey?  All five of those individuals are just as responsible as Catelyn in starting the WotFk.Additionally, Tywin was already organizing the RW even before he knew that Jaime was free.Wouldn't the war have still happened had Catelyn not captured Tyrion and Tywin not taken action?
1463	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-08	At first when I watched this scene I was thinking "what the hell?" But as I have thought about it I think it makes sense. The writers have to condense so much into 10 episodes that they are forced to collapse multiple characters into one character (eg. Thoros and Tom 'O Seven)  and write scenes that, while not in the books, do follow along with the spirit of the books. I can absolutely imagine Cat having this kind of back and forth in her mind over the years about Jon, one day hating him and the next wondering how she can hate him so much for something that is not his fault. Still being the person she is she cannot ever bring herself to love Jon. She is in anguish during this scene and  playing the "what if" card that so many of us do when tragedy strikes. She is trying to make sense of events that cannot be explained, so she begins to blame herself for her inability to keep her promises to the gods. If only I could have loved him the gods would not have punished me by taking my children, my father, my husband away, etc. I think the point is that Cat recognizes it is perhaps a defect on her part that she cannot love Jon, but that is who she is. Her duty is to her children first and foremost above all others. How could she ever advance Jon's interest (i.e. treating him as a son, giving him the Stark name) when it could be to the detriment of her own. This is why she could not keep her promise. The brilliance of this is that GRRM has Cat die believing that all her children are dead, except Sansa and that Jon is the likely heir. It makes you wonder if UnCat's head would explode should she ever learn the truth about her children and Jon's parentage.
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria's pup, 08 April 2013 - 01:15 PM.
1464	Masha	2013-04-08	My understanding of the books is that Catelyn ignores Jon, rather than being actively spiteful towards him.The one exception to this is when he visits Bran, before leaving Winterfell. What she says to him at that point is foul, but it's said at a moment of extreme stress and grief.If Catelyn heard that Jon had got kiled at the Wall, I doubt if she'd feel much sadness over it, but nor is she actively malevolent towards him.Catelyn in the novel doesn't have a burning hatred of Jon. She doesn't want him around, that's about it. She isn't expected to want him around, by the values of her society.There is a strong indication in the books that Catelyn does hate Jon not "just doesn't want him around" and I am not referring to GOT scene at Bran's bedside.There is a scene is a ASOS when Robb names Jon his heir (in absence of his sons) and Catelyn completely blows up. As far as she knows, Robb is the only child left to her, Arya is lost and Sansa made Lannister won't be ever accepted as heir to Winterfell again, and she is still completely against Jon being ever recognized as Stark. She starts proposing some distant cousins, some not even northerners (Royces) just anyone but not Jon (last son of Ned's left) and thinks that is the biggest mistake ever that Robb can make. (not him marrying Jeyne and losing Freys not her freeing Jaime and losing Karstarks and Boltons for basically promise that was immediately broken - Tyrion marrying Sansa) but this. And not forgetting her literally badmouthing Jon to Blackfish so much that when Jaime mentions him on the Wall Blackfish literally recoils, and I don't think its faking,If thats not hate for someone I don't know what is.
1465	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	My biggest problem with Cat's speech in the show is that she talked about how she would beg Ned to legitimize Jon if her prayers were answered.Silly as it sounds, it's the kind of stuff we all promise in desperate moments, like promising God "never never ever lie again" and doing it at the first occasion. Happens.Be real.  Theon was willing to fight and to die for the Starks, and took steps (that were ultimately, of course, rejected by Balon) to unite their houses in alliance.  It wasn't until after he took Winterfell that he played the "I was a hostage who feared for my life" card.  Yes, his situation sucked, but he never had any specific grievance toward his treatment by Ned.Didn't Robb think of Theon pretty much as his brother at some point? That's saying a lot considering that he wasn't even a member of the Stark Family, a bannerman's son or a ward being sent there by willingness of Balon's heart. The only other young man who has been called like that by Robb was Jon, and that' saying a lot too: has ever any other bastard called one of the legitimate children a "brother"? a "sister"?. I think this proves that Ned made efforts that all of three kids received the same benefits that their own positions allowed and grow up pretty much the same.Now, Theon and Jon aren't alike: Theon might be a hostage, but he's still a "prince" and was treated like that: there was not reason for Cat to love him as a son, but definitely not as "some bastard". Jon is a bastard, although a son of Ned's, and unlike Theon, he has no titles.
1466	David Selig	2013-04-08	There is a strong indication in the books that Catelyn does hate Jon not "just doesn't want him around" and I am not referring to GOT scene at Bran's bedside.There is a scene is a ASOS when Robb names Jon his heir (in absence of his sons) and Catelyn completely blows up. As far as she knows, Robb is the only child left to her, Arya is lost and Sansa made Lannister won't be ever accepted as heir to Winterfell again, and she is still completely against Jon being ever recognized as Stark. She starts proposing some distant cousins, some not even northerners (Royces) just anyone but not Jon (last son of Ned's left) and thinks that is the biggest mistake ever that Robb can make. (not him marrying Jeyne and losing Freys not her freeing Jaime and losing Karstarks and Boltons for basically promise that was immediately broken - Tyrion marrying Sansa) but this. And not forgetting her literally badmouthing Jon to Blackfish so much that when Jaime mentions him on the Wall Blackfish literally recoils, and I don't think its faking,If thats not hate for someone I don't know what is. it's common sense, Jon was a terrible choice politically.
1467	Francis Buck	2013-04-08	But isn't that kind of the point?  She didn't do that.  To me, Catelyn's speech was not intended to be her speaking logically and rationally.  I think it was intended to show her growing emotional distress at what was happening to her own children.Catelyn is both religious, and emotional.  I don't see anything implausible about an emotional, religious Catelyn who prayed for Jon to die suddenly freaking out when it looks like it may come true.  What kind of a mother prays for the death of a child?  And if the prayer is granted, what might the gods ask for in return?  So, she freaks.  She does a 180, stays up with him all night, prays for his recovery, makes a seven catcher, and makes emotional promises about how good she's going to be to him if he recovers.However, when he recovers, her natural animosity takes over and she doesn't follow through with any of that.  Particularly the legitimacy part, because that really would affect her blood children.  Plus, he hasn't died, so the gods won't be seeking recompense for having granted her prayers that he dies.But now, Robb may be screwed and has ostracized her, her daughters are missing, and Winterfell has fallen.  Bran and Rickon are both at risk, maybe dead.  So she freaks again, starts praying and making another seven catcher, and her old promise to the gods regarding Jon comes back to haunt her.  So in that state, she says how her broken vow is that cause of all this, etc..  It makes sense from her emotional/religious perspective, even if it makes no logical sense at all.I think this hits the nail on the head personally.
1468	Minsc	2013-04-08	Wouldn't the war have still happened had Catelyn not captured Tyrion and Tywin not taken action?Do you think Cersei/Tywin were going to allow Ned get away with deposing Joffrey as a bastard?  War was going to happen simply because of the problems of who was going to follow Robert as his heir.
1469	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Well, now that we all are blaming everything on Cat's, why not saying it was her fault because she rejected Littlefinger about 15 years go, why don't we?
1470	Ran	2013-04-08	And not forgetting her literally badmouthing Jon to Blackfish so much that when Jaime mentions him on the Wall Blackfish literally recoils, and I don't think its fakingWe have no idea what she actually said to him. He claims she didn't trust him, but I rather think what she didn't trust was his place at Winterfell and what it might mean for the future of the family. The very same stuff she brings up with Robb, the very same concern she has there. It may be splitting hairs, but the fact is that we don't have a word for word transcript, and it seems to me we never get a clear line that she distrusts him, personally. That said, given that she doesn't really know him, there's certainly no reason that she should implicitly trust him, and truth be told the most pragmatic position to take with him would be distrust.
1471	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Do you think Cersei/Tywin were going to allow Ned get away with deposing Joffrey as a bastard?  War was going to happen simply because of the problems of who was going to follow Robert as his heir.Well yeah.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 08 April 2013 - 01:31 PM.
1472	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	We have no idea what she actually said to him. He claims she didn't trust him, but I rather think what she didn't trust was his place at Winterfell and what it might mean for the future of the family. The very same stuff she brings up with Robb, the very same concern she has there.It may be splitting hairs, but the fact is that we don't have a word for word transcript, and it seems to me we never get a clear line that she distrusts him, personally. That said, given that she doesn't really know him, there's certainly no reason that she should implicitly trust him, and truth be told the most pragmatic position to take with him would be distrust.Maybe Jon is actually older than Robb. That's the only explanation that would actually make her act so paranoid about it. If Jon is older than Robb, even if for a few weeks, then he would have a claim after being legitimized.
1473	Seed	2013-04-08	sorry, didn't mean to upset you...I'm just confused by the scene and trying to understand it.  I took from the books that she was pretty generous compared to most, where bastards were just simply kicked out and live anonymously some place not so great...weren't some people in the books shocked that Jon Snow was allowed to eat with the family?  That's why I mentioned that..She wasn't being generous.  Ned Stark wasn't going to put up with ill treatment of Snow.
1474	Minsc	2013-04-08	Maybe Jon is actually older than Robb. That's the only explanation that would actually make her act so paranoid about it. If Jon is older than Robb, even if for a few weeks, then he would have a claim after being legitimized.Or the fact that he looks exactly like Ned, while Robb looks like a Tully.  Along with the factor that bastards are known for betraying their kin to steal their claims in Westeros.
1475	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Wouldn't the war have still happened had Catelyn not captured Tyrion and Tywin not taken action?Nope!
1476	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?I was confused about that too but I don't think she was really trying to be all that logical.  The scene was a bit clumsy but I think it was meant to sub for the chat she has with Brieanne after finding out the boys were "killed" at Winterfell while adding in the element that one should be careful what you wish for.  Given that she just found out her sons are missing (I find it really interesting that they aren't going with the dead story), I don't think she was in the right mental place for a totally logical argument.  She feels powerless and trying to take the blame for it really is in some ways her trying to get some control over the situation.  Grief isn't logical.
1477	Minsc	2013-04-08	Nope!I am sure Tywin would have graciously accepted the idea that his grandson was an incest born bastard that holds no right to the throne and would have accepted the exile of both his beloved daughter and son (if not execution).Or do you mean that without Tyrion's capture that Ned would never have put 2 + 2 together?
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 01:46 PM.
1478	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Silly as it sounds, it's the kind of stuff we all promise in desperate moments, like promising God "never never ever lie again" and doing it at the first occasion. Happens. It's a lie that we tell in order to attempt to rid ourselves of the responsibility of our actions at the time.
1479	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Or the fact that he looks exactly like Ned, while Robb looks like a Tully.  Along with the factor that bastards are known for betraying their kin to steal their claims in Westeros.all of that combined with the unusual treatment Jon gets even for a bastard. I think Cat does have enough reasons to dislike him.
1480	David Selig	2013-04-08	But isn't that kind of the point?  She didn't do that.  To me, Catelyn's speech was not intended to be her speaking logically and rationally.  I think it was intended to show her growing emotional distress at what was happening to her own children.Catelyn is both religious, and emotional.  I don't see anything implausible about an emotional, religious Catelyn who prayed for Jon to die suddenly freaking out when it looks like it may come true.  What kind of a mother prays for the death of a child?  And if the prayer is granted, what might the gods ask for in return? But this is just not who Catelyn is at all in the books. IIRC she never prays for the death of anyone, not even the likes of Joff and Cersei after Ned's death. Look at the sept scene before Renly was killed - she only prays for as many people as possible to be spared. And if she's ever does pray for death, I really don't see her changing her mind when it looks like the prayer is about to be fulfilled. That's not her personality at all - when she decides on a course of actions, she sticks with it.However, when he recovers, her natural animosity takes over and she doesn't follow through with any of that.  Particularly the legitimacy part, because that really would affect her blood children. This doesn't sound like Catelyn from the books either. She always keeps her word. Given the customs in Westeros, any noblewoman promising such a thing under any circumstances, just doesn't ring true to me. Accepting a your husband's bastard as your stepson and giving him the same kind of love as your children is just not done. Ever.
1481	The Wolves	2013-04-08	all of that combined with the unusual treatment Jon gets even for a bastard. I think Cat does have enough reasons to dislike him.No Cat doesn't have any legitimate reasons not to like Jon. Jon has NEVER done any harm towards her children, her or the Tullys in any way so any dislike she has of Jon is irrational. Now she has the right to feel the way she does but there is really no real reason or justification for her to dislike Jon or talk about him to others like she did with the Blackfish and Robb. And I get that she has no obligation towards Jon cause he is not her child(thank gawd!!!)but Cat doesn't know Jon and never tried to know him and her view of him was irrational so just because he looked like Ned more than her own children besides Arya is not a reason she should dislike him. Catelyn was really wrong in that situation especially in her opinion of Jon
1482	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I am sure Tywin would have graciously accepted the idea that his grandson was an incest born bastard that holds no right to the throne and would have accepted the exile of both his beloved daughter and son (if not execution).Or do you mean that without Tyrion's capture that Ned would never have put 2 + 2 together?Jon Arryn was dead and Stannis ran off to Dragonstone.  Who else would have spread that rumor?  At the time of Tyrion's abduction, nobody from the North was in the know about it.
1483	Har!	2013-04-08	That's the biggest problem I have with it also. They tend to magnify Catelyn's mistakes on the show. The reader knows a lot of the mistakes Cat makes as she makes them, because the reader has inside information. But in general, she's a prudent person who makes decent decisions with the information she has. She might be the cause in fact of many of the war etc. but her heart was in the right place, and she certainly isn't being punished for resenting the presence of Jon Snow.I think that is why they added the scene, because the mistakes she makes are whoppers and can't be avoided in serializing the book, but in the book they are leavened by many, many small instances where she is right on. So I don't think they magnify her mistakes as much as the mistakes appear much more stark when there is so little canvas (air time) on which to sketch a character.Her redeeming/characteristic/dominant qualities cannot be depicted effectively in a TV serialization so they have to go shorthand with some direct exposition from the character to show her 'human' side and allow her mistakes to look like that - mistakes/flaws and not the dominant impression you might come away with if you just saw the serialization.This scene will help make her character more sympathetic (as it is in the book as built up thru many small interactions) without a major plot change.ETA: this scene will also make it much more poignant when she argues with Robb about legitimizing Jon if all the other Starks are dead (excepting Sansa -married to the Imp and assumed to be dead as soon as she gives him an heir). Cat will have acknowledged how unfair to Jon she has been (in the scene from s3e2) and yet still will not be able to  get past her hate/resentment of Jon.
					
					
							Edited by Har!, 08 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
1484	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	But this is just not who Catelyn is at all in the books. IIRC she never prays for the death of anyone...She actually told Jon "it should have been you", which is a lot worse than just thinking it.  And the phrasing is a touch odd -- she didn't say "I wish it was you", but rather "It should have been you.  That's consistent with -- though not proof of  -- a past prayer that he die.So, the question is whether the time she said it publicly was also the first time she'd even thought or prayed for it.  I'And those two things are close enough that I don't see a contradiction.  It's an expansion or elaboration on a backstory that is not inconsistent with something that happened in the book.  At least, that's how I see it.And if she's ever does pray for death, I really don't see her changing her mind when it looks like the prayer is about to be fulfilled. That's not her personality at all - when she decides on a course of actions, she sticks with it.Like when she told Ned that he had to take the position as Hand, and then did a 180?  And what about the guilt she feels after meeting Mya Stone?  A person who always stands by whatever they've done before doesn't feel guilt.  I don't see the basis for your rigid view of Catelyn as never questioning or doubting anything she's done.Given the customs in Westeros, any noblewoman promising such a thing under any circumstances, just doesn't ring true to me. Accepting a your husband's bastard as your stepson and giving him the same kind of love as your children is just not done. Ever.I think that's going a bit far, but it's unproveable either way.  In any case, as I've said, I don't take the scene as Catelyn being 100% rational on her causes and effects.  I think she's getting very scared about what is happening, and is perhaps playing a version of Pascal's Wager in her head.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 02:44 PM.
1485	Minsc	2013-04-08	Jon Arryn was dead and Stannis ran off to Dragonstone.  Who else would have spread that rumor?  At the time of Tyrion's abduction, nobody from the North was in the know about it.I hear this minor character called Lord Ned Stark was snooping around on that issue.
1486	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I hear this minor character called Lord Ned Stark was snooping around on that issue.Right. But, Tywin was not in the know and only attacked the Riverlands because Cat snatched Tyrion.  And, if Ned would have gone straight to Robert...Well we wouldn't have a story.
1487	Minsc	2013-04-08	Right. But, Tywin was not in the know and only attacked the Riverlands because Cat snatched Tyrion.  And, if Ned would have gone straight to Robert...Well we wouldn't have a story.Interesting how Ned didn't do that in the books, because he could have just waited until after Robert's hunting trip and not told Cersei at all.
1488	therustman	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?  It wouldn't that is about Cat's faith and her rationalising what is happening.
1489	Juan_Snow	2013-04-08	LF, Tywin, Stannis, Ned, Renly, Varys....take your pick.Wrong.LF, maybeTywin: no way he just reacted to Cat taking Tyrion.  Ned:  no way.  Renly: no.  Stannis: no.  Varys: maybeReally, so Tywin would have basically executed Jaime?  Agree to disagree on that one.
1490	Minsc	2013-04-08	Really, so Tywin would have basically executed Jaime?  Agree to disagree on that one.Tywin was planning the Red Wedding even before he knew Jaime had been let go, moreover that would have hardly executed Jaime seeing how he would have had Sansa, Catelyn, and Edmure all captives and Blackfish isn't going to sacrifice his entire family for petty revenge.
1491	iceandfireking	2013-04-08	I actually think this is one of the most briliant scence that this show have created.
It might appears to the viewers at first sight that this show wants us to be more sympathy towards Cat by showing her complex feeling towards Jon. However, if we consider the future event that will unfold around her, you will feel that there is something more dark around her dialog. She tried to find a reason to explain the misery she was eduring, by looking back to a totally unrelevent past event.
In the past two seasons, she was portrayed as a compassionamte and reasonable women, who was ready to look forward to settle the dispute rather than add more hatred. This scence subtlelly captured the impact of the deaths of Ned and their children on her. And now she is unforgiving at herself, burrying in  past memory and yielding to totally unresonable argument. For book readers, we all know where this path will lead to.
					
					
							Edited by iceandfireking, 08 April 2013 - 03:04 PM.
1492	Tuor	2013-04-08	what i found interesting is that Jon Snow had pox, Targaryens are imune to this kind of sickness,  we get that from Dany when she remembers that she never was sick. Are they telling us that R+L=J isn`t true?
1493	JMJ	2013-04-08	Well, this thread has devolved into yet another pro vs. anti Catelyn thread. For me, suffice it to say that Cat, like almost every other character in the series, has both good and bad aspects to her persona. Her treatment of Jon was less well clarified in the books, but was probably ambivalent at best, whilst in the show there are more overtly negative interactions with Jon. Add that this scene in question is quite ambivalent, but does clearly make Cat out to be ambivalent about her feelings towards Jon. Whether this significantly deviates from the book Cat, I believe is still up for debate.
I will say though that claiming Cat is the sole reason the WOT5K started is hogwash. She was one part in a cascade of events leading to war. One could argue the "real" start was Robert killing Rhaegar on the Trident and claiming the IT from House Targ, as well as the whole R+L=J. These events not only set up Robert as a neglectful king that let Lannister ill will fester, but also started Varys' and LF's plottings. More recently, Cat's capture of Tyrion was only one step. There was Jon Arryn discovering the twincest, LF/Lysa plotting to kill Jon Arryn, Jaime pushing Bran out the window, Ned confronting Cersei about the twincest, LF betraying Ned, and Joff beheading Ned. One could make a reasonable argument that if any one of these steps did not happen, war could have been averted. Or, on the flip side, these may have been steps that accelerated the inevitable degeneration of IT rule due to Roberts' years of neglect.
1494	David Selig	2013-04-08	She actually told Jon "it should have been you", which is a lot worse than just thinking it. Usually that's true, but if you are a believer in the power of prayer, praying for someone's death is worse. At least that's how I see it. And of course, the circumstances were far different. The extreme grief, the guilt over the prayers for bran to stay, the lack of sleep... all of this made "It should've been you" possible.  When she prayed for Jon's death, there were no such circumstances, she just hated him a lot, that's it (as far as we know).Like when she told Ned that he had to take the position as Hand, and then did a 180? The circumstances changed significantly. Not the case with the "pray for Jon's death" story.And what about the guilt she feels after meeting Mya Stone?  A person who always stands by whatever they've done before doesn't feel guilt.  I don't see the basis for your rigid view of Catelyn as never questioning or doubting anything she's done. I didn't claim this, that's obviously not true. My point was Catelyn is not the kind of person who changes easily her mind and for her praying for someone's death is a serious step. If she prays for someone's death, she'd really mean it and won't back out when it's about to come through. Reversing her position when the circumstances stayed the same is really not like her IMO.
1495	SelaBela	2013-04-08	I really enjoyed this scene.  I actually said "Awwwwwwwwwwww" out loud when she said "Jon Snow".  It was a sweet moment for me.  I'm not really angered by this scene, and I don't necessarily think the writers are foreshadowing events we don't know about, but like other posters have said just setting up the depth of emotion she's going to feel when Robb names Jon Snow his heir.I think that this is one of the less intrusive changes that D&D has made on the character of Catelyn. Her letting Jaime go before finding out about Bran and Rikon and her telling Ned Stark not to go to King's Landing were far greater changes in my opinion.This story, while completely made up, seemed to stay consistent with what we know of her from the books. She is compassionate, worships the seven, and doesn't love Jon Snow.The only issue I took with the dialog is when she tried to blame everything that had happened on not being able to love Jon. That is an incredibly illogical leap of conclusion.There isn't much that is logical about grief.
1496	protar	2013-04-08	I'm not a great fan of Cat so while the alterations to her character are undoubtedly unnecessary I've never been too bothered by them. But this has been the worst so far. As I was watching it I just got to telling myself that it was just a past lapse in Cat's character, that didn't effect her present characterisation - but then she goes and blames everything directly on herself. There's no doubt in my mind that that D+D are deliberately doing this to Cat.
1497	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-08	I just dont know what to say. Teat was a very bad scene IMO. YES I am aware that the show isnt the novels, and there is an understandable amount of change that happens in every adaption, but this. They made it look like she HAD to love Jon, or be a mother to him. And Catelyn NEVER wished for him to die (Anyone who brings up the "It should have been you" argument against this is basically telling Martin how to write her character because shes not cruel enough).
As long as Im writing this I may as well add that that Im not very satisfied with how different TV Cat is from book Cat.  They just constantly show her crying fro her kids, and staining Robbs "Kingly Image". In the series she grieves over her husband and kids AND actually does something to help save them and their cause. whether its giving Robb advice, or being an envoy.
I think part of my anger as well has to be the fact that I hated the Jeyne/Talisa change, actually Talisas character in general.
					
					
							Edited by TalalOfDorne, 08 April 2013 - 03:17 PM.
1498	Minsc	2013-04-08	what i found interesting is that Jon Snow had pox, Targaryens are imune to this kind of sickness,  we get that from Dany when she remembers that she never was sick. Are they telling us that R+L=J isn`t true?Dany got her info from Viserys, not the most reliable source of information about Targaryens.  Moreover, in Westeros history there were some Targaryen kings that died of plague.
1499	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-08	For all the good things the show does, it's handling of Catelyn Stark is not one of them.You're really, really, really wrong. It shows Catelyn is a BAD mother because she identifies herself as Jon's mother, meaning she failed as a mother to him. In contrast, book!Catelyn knows that she's not Jon's mother and therefore has no obligations towards him.This fandom is really living up to its reputation today...The Catelyn/Talisa scene was absolutely horrible. It felt like badly written fanfiction.Great ep all around. Loved Lady Olenna so much! NIce to see the Hound back as well. The intro of the Reed kids was just perfect. I agree, the Catelyn scene stunk. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they put that in to setup something else later on, but really didn't care for it one bit.Just a big fat /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> on all these
1500	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Usually that's true, but if you are a believer in the power of prayer, praying for someone's death is worse. At least that's how I see it.I get that point.  I didn't take it as though that's what she did every day -- more a confession that she had slipped and let her anger get the better of her on occasion.And of course, the circumstances were far different. The extreme grief, the guilt over the prayers for bran to stay, the lack of sleep... all of this made "It should've been you" possible.  When she prayed for Jon's death, there were no such circumstances, she just hated him a lot, that's it (as far as we know).Well, I agree with that to some extent.  Obviously, anytime they go outside the strict confines of textual dialogue, the reasonableness is based on an extrapolation.  But I think most people harbor some pretty nasty thoughts on occasion, even if they don't really wish for it to come true.  Catelyn having occasionally gotten angry, and wishing Jon dead in that anger, is plausible to me.  I can understand why everyone wouldn't feel the same, though.  There's enough ambiguity in her speech that I think you can draw different things from it.The circumstances changed significantly. Not the case with the "pray for Jon's death" story.Sure they did.  Isn't a little boy or baby actually being on a deathbed and about to die a different circumstance from hurt feelings leading to a theoretical wish that a healthy kid might die?  One is more fantasy, the other reality.If she prays for someone's death, she'd really mean it and won't back out when it's about to come through. Reversing her position when the circumstances stayed the same is really not like her IMO.As I said, I think there is a great difference between wishing something bad on someone else, and then pushing for it when it seems about to come true.  The former can be hurt feelings and emotion.  The latter takes true hatred.  Anyway, didn't Catelyn express some guilt over Jon?  What could she have felt guilty about?
1501	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Again, it's not because Cat didn't love Jon: is because she made a promise to the Gods and she couldn't keep it. Probably in some twisted corner of her mind she might be thinking is all Jon's fault for exist and get sick and cause her to make such a promise, but in general speaking, it's not about her relationship with Jon, but the fact that she failed to her Gods and they're using her children and family to get even at her failing to try to love Jon.what i found interesting is that Jon Snow had pox, Targaryens are imune to this kind of sickness,  we get that from Dany when she remembers that she never was sick. Are they telling us that R+L=J isn`t true?Dragon pox?
1502	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Another reason for the story may have been that D&D are choosing to play up the notion that the ability to warg (and magical abilities in general) are often tied to near-death experiences, something that the books have hinted at but not stated explicitly.  Including a story where Jon nearly died may be setting up Jon's ability to warg.  That'd be a big deviation from book-canon, but I have a sneaking suspicion that D&D may be simplifying the warging ability down to that, and not having any of the Stark children except for Bran and Jon be wargs.  That's just a wild-ass guess, but I thought it was suspicious that they introduce warging as a concept (and have Orell give Jon a dirty look, probably setting up the wargs-can-see-other-wargs bit) in the same episode that they expanded Jon's backstory to include a near-death experience.
1503	swoosh stark	2013-04-08	my favorite scene in the entire episode
1504	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?Well for starters Jon would probably have never taken the black.  Which if he was left in Winterfell as Lord, Theon might never have grown the balls to attack it.  In Cats eyes, that means she would have been able to go to Winterfell when she came back from Renly's camp.Or even if he wasn't Lord, Jon Snow(or I guess that would be Stark in this situation) could have altered the way the Red Wedding went, maybe convincing Robb not to marry.
1505	Minsc	2013-04-08	Well for starters Jon would probably have never taken the black.  Which if he was left in Winterfell as Lord, Theon might never have grown the balls to attack it.  In Cats eyes, that means she would have been able to go to Winterfell when she came back from Renly's camp.Or even if he wasn't Lord, Jon Snow(or I guess that would be Stark in this situation) could have altered the way the Red Wedding went, maybe convincing Robb not to marry.Why would Robb keep Jon in Winterfell and not use him as a battle commander?
1506	Tuor	2013-04-08	Dragon pox?What are dragon pox?
1507	David Selig	2013-04-08	Well for starters Jon would probably have never taken the black.  Which if he was left in Winterfell as Lord, Theon might never have grown the balls to attack it.  Are you serious? Theon would be scared by Jon Snow the 17 year old nobody? /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1508	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	What are dragon pox?http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Dragon_pox
1509	freetickles	2013-04-08	Are you serious? Theon would be scared by Jon Snow the 17 year old nobody? /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />There's also the fact that if Jon hadn't taken the black he'd have ridden to war with Robb. He tried to do that anyway in AGOT/Season 1.
1510	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Why would Robb keep Jon in Winterfell and not use him as a battle commander?Robb really couldn't have left Jon in command back in Winterfell, because Bran was the lawful heir.  Much better to do as you suggest and bring him along as a part of the Winterfell contingent, either as a bodyguard or troop commander at some level.
1511	freetickles	2013-04-08	You're really, really, really wrong. It shows Catelyn is a BAD mother because she identifies herself as Jon's mother, meaning she failed as a mother to him. In contrast, book!Catelyn knows that she's not Jon's mother and therefore has no obligations towards him.This fandom is really living up to its reputation today...To be fair, I don't think she's identifying herself as Jon's mother, but she's saying there's a kid she COULD have been a mother to and wasn't.
1512	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Robb really couldn't have left Jon in command back in Winterfell, because Bran was the lawful heir.  Much better to do as you suggest and bring him along as a part of the Winterfell contingent, either as a bodyguard or troop commander at some level.Then there's the fact that there was no way in hell Jon would have allowed himself to have been left behind.  He almost deserted the Night's Watch, upon pain of death, to join the war.
1513	Tuor	2013-04-08	http://harrypotter.w...wiki/Dragon_poxI guess then that Jon will have wand made from weirwood with  a core from direwolf hair.Perhaps when Jon die, he will talk with Ned like Harry with Dumbledore and we will found out who the mother is.
1514	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Then there's the fact that there was no way in hell Jon would have allowed himself to have been left behind.  He almost deserted the Night's Watch, upon pain of death, to join the war.Good point.I suppose you could argue that if Jon had accompanied Robb as one of his guards, then the fight in which Robb was injured may have turned out differently, if for no other reason than the butterfly effect.  If Robb doesn't get wounded, then he doesn't get nursed to health by Jeyne Westerling, doesn't fall in love with her, so the whole RW never happens.
1515	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	To be fair, I don't think she's identifying herself as Jon's mother, but she's saying there's a kid she COULD have been a mother to and wasn't.And, Catelyn's statement is one she was making under a lot of emotional pressure -- it doesn't mean that she really believes herself to have had a moral obligation to treat Jon as one of her own.  It's just that she's freaking out about her kids at the moment.
1516	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-08	I know a lot of people will disagree with me but...
When reading the first three books in this series, I simply did not find Cat's character compelling ay all. In fact, whenever i came up on one of her chapters I would think "ugghh." With that said, I find it odd that many people on this forum agree on this point yet still criticize the writers and Michelle Fairley's performance as a "character assassination." This is extremely drastic. I mean seriously make up your minds people. As a reader, I found her character boring in the books, yet, Michelle's performance brought a sense of humility to the character that made me like her. To be blunt, the TV version of this character is much better than the book version, and that's my honest opinion. 
Why would they choose to do a scene like this? 
It made me confused at first too...but they are obviously building up to viewers feeling emotional about Rob and Cat before the events of the RW. As many people on here have posted before, a dramatic increase in Robb and Cat's characters needs to appear for viewers to feel emotional about what happens in episode 9. 
I also do not rule out the possibility of Lady Stoneheart appearing in episode 10. In fact, I think it is extremely likely to happen and viewers need to feel the sense of tragedy and horror associated with the immoral and sometimes cruel nature of this character, as a huge departure of the way Cat used to be as a human. 
I trust that the writers know what they're doing. Honestly, I doubt book Cat would ever say such things but as I've said before this is not book Cat that we are watching.
1517	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-08	To be fair, I don't think she's identifying herself as Jon's mother, but she's saying there's a kid she COULD have been a mother to and wasn't. You're wrong. Cat tells Talisa that "only a mother can make one for her children", and she made one for Jon. Therefore she identifies as Jon's stepmother.
1518	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	To be blunt, the TV version of this character is much better than the book version, and that's my honest opinion.That raises a really interesting point.  Is it bad if the writers vary from the book, even if the result is an improvement?  Granted, if you change big picture things, it becomes a different story.  But if Catelyn was actually a bit meaner to Jon than in the books (praying for him to die) and then later feels guilt about that, does it really hurt the overall story?  I think GRRM wrote her to be a sympathetic character, but one who likely was meaner to Jon than was justified.  As long as the writers stay within those parameters, and don't make it like they were Lysa/Robert Arryn close, what's the problem?It's a bit like the what they've done with Margaery.  She's coming across as more intelligent/more depth than in the book, and a more obvious protege of QoT.  It's not doctrine, but it makes for a more interesting character.  But is that bad just because she is a bit different from the book?
1519	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-08	I guess then that Jon will have wand made from weirwood with  a core from direwolf hair.Perhaps when Jon die, he will talk with Ned like Harry with Dumbledore and we will found out who the mother is. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Brilliant! This made me laugh out loud!
1520	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	You're wrong. Cat tells Talisa that "only a mother can make one for her children", and she made one for Jon. Therefore she identifies as Jon's stepmother.At that particular time in her life, after he's laying their dying from the pox because of her nasty prayer.  For the entire rest of her life, she didn't see herself as his mother.  So which is more valid?
1521	Kaldaur	2013-04-08	The scene works for the adaptation. I'm getting a chuckle at all the pickers complaining about dogma: this show has done a better job at adapting a series than any other adaptation has ever done or even attempted. If certain things need to be spelled out for the audience in a different way than internal monologue or thoughts, such as Cat's dislike of Jon Snow in this scene, then so be it. Next time you find yourself raging about the show, take a breath and remember...pickers gonna pick. Put your nit down and enjoy the show.
1522	Slingingstones	2013-04-08	Having read the books and view the show as a very condensed version.  I feel that since Cat has lost Ned, unsure the fate of her daughters, having just learned from her (last) true born son, who treats like a carrier of leprosy, that her two smallest are MIA, probably dead, her home in flames, reaches out to her regrets about Jon Snow as a last resort, life raft.  It totally makes sense for the show and to any parent who have lost children and can no longer tell them you love them.  You tend to dwell on all the lost opportunities to do so while they were alive.
D & D as we know, advise the actors not to read the books.  Maybe it would be good to divorce ourselves from  anything but the script.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 08 April 2013 - 05:38 PM.
1523	Autopath	2013-04-08	When she said that everything that has happened wouldn't have happened, or everything would have been ok if she had only raised Jon as her own and let him take the Stark name, I was so freaking confused. How would that have changed what has happened to her family?She believes she cursed her family because she broke her oath. Oathbreaking is surrounded by a great deal of superstition.Love the books, but I actually enjoyed this scene on the episode. No problems with it.
					
					
							Edited by Autopath, 08 April 2013 - 05:12 PM.
1524	David Selig	2013-04-08	I simply did not find Cat's character compelling ay all. In fact, whenever i came up on one of her chapters I would think "ugghh.". With that said, I find it odd that many people on this forum agree on this point yet still criticize the writers and Michelle Fairley's performance as a "character assassination." This is extremely drastic. I mean seriously make up your minds people.Who are those people? I don't think anyone in this thread fits this description.That raises a really interesting point.  Is it bad if the writers vary from the book, even if the result is an improvement? Not at all. I've liked many of the changes so far. But this one isn't an improvement at all IMO.
1525	ohpooratlas	2013-04-08	I did not think it was character assasination.  I will admit to being confused about the scene as it was happening (and slowly getting to the point where I thought it could be character assasination) ... but by the time it finished I didn't think it was out of character in the end."Let him live, and I'lll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it. To make him one of us.[And he lived?]And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family, it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child."The bolded line is the reason I was okay with the scene in the end.  I don't think it was out of character for Catelyn to reveal that while in a specifically dire situation ... she might have prayed that Jon Snow would live.  Because while he is part some unknown woman, he is still (as far as Cat is concerned) also part of her husband.  Not to mention he is a child and innocent of his father's supposed weakness.  In her desperation she pleaded with the Gods to save him and that she would change, but what happens in the end?  Jon lives and Cat couldn't keep her promise.I thought the line was delivered spectacularly.  There was so much bitterness in it, and I don't even think it was fully directed at herself.  She still resents Jon Snow.  She knows she should be a better woman, but she can't.  Even now.  Had she decided to be a completely changed woman and said something along the lines of "I'll accept Jon Snow as my own if I ever see him again" I would have considered it character assasination.  That wasn't the context of the scene though.She's reflecting on the situaton with her children and being the religious woman that she is, she internalizes her guilt and reflects on the fact that she has not always been the good mother she might have believed she was.And again, it's like she said.  She didn't keep her promise.  She could not change.  She still can't change.  I don't think it's character assasination for a character to acknowledge their faults.
1526	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-08	Are you serious? Theon would be scared by Jon Snow the 17 year old nobody? /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Well he was scared of going to the Night's Watch because Jon was there.  The whole situation at Winterfell and the Ironborn luring the guards away for Theon to attack would have been different if Jon never took the black.Though I do think it's more likely he would have went off with Robb.
1527	Minsc	2013-04-08	I thought the line was delivered spectacularly.  There was so much bitterness in it, and I don't even think it was fully directed at herself.  She still resents Jon Snow.  She knows she should be a better woman, but she can't.  Even now.  Had she decided to be a completely changed woman and said something along the lines of "I'll accept Jon Snow as my own if I ever see him again" I would have considered it character assasination.  That wasn't the context of the scene though.The thing is she shouldn't as she has no obligation to mother him and she along with Ned knows that.
1528	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-04-08	I have to wonder if D&D understand the social ramifications of illegitimate children as portrayed in the books; if they did then they would better understand Cat's "issues" with Jon, no?The threat of Ned legitimizing Jon could have been an anvil hanging over Cat for years. Though she did not fixate on Jon very much in her chapters, I imagine from her perspective Jon was on the precipice of legitimacy when Ned brought him into the household.If they really had to "fix" Cat for the TV audience, Vanessa Taylor should have written it so that she realizes that her fears over Jon were haughty and petty. That her sons might not inherit is trivial considering the news from Winterfell and Robb's doomsday move. Everything she held on to in her past is meaningless; now she just wants her family alive and safe. It could have been a revelation and a shift in values for the character; instead its just a torrent of Catholic guilt. Yawn.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 08 April 2013 - 05:47 PM.
1529	templar7	2013-04-08	It's an automatic reaction, if you're very familiar with a book, to think "well, that never happend" when you see it adapted.  On the basis of the description given, it doesn't sound like a bad scene to me.The scene confirmed that 1) Catelyn was generally mean to Jon, and couldn't bring herself to treat him like a son even though her husband did, 2) she felt some guilt over that, and 3) that she is getting more and more emotionally distraught over what is happening to her children.  I don't see any of that as inconsistent with her character in the book.Refreshing, thank you both
1530	Darryk	2013-04-08	I really enjoyed the scene, but expected it to cause massive division.
1531	kephv	2013-04-08	I enjoyed it somewhat (Michelle Fairley helped; she's amazing, as always). Though it's completely ridiculous -- even for this version of Cat, or any noble women in Westeros with children of her own -- that she even thought about asking Ned to call him Stark. I have to wonder, then, if they're still going to bring up the idea of Jon as Robb's heir, and if it will be Catelyn who gives him the idea in order to repent for her sin.
1532	lannistergold	2013-04-08	Basically, this scene fills the gaps. Cat might have settled into indifference towards Jon over the years. But can you really imagine that she felt indifferent when he first arrived?
1533	David Selig	2013-04-08	I enjoyed it somewhat (Michelle Fairley helped; she's amazing, as always). Though it's completely ridiculous -- even for this version of Cat, or any noble women in Westeros with children of her own -- that she even thought about asking Ned to call him Stark. I have to wonder, then, if they're still going to bring up the idea of Jon as Robb's heir, and if it will be Catelyn who gives him the idea in order to repent for her sin. Please no, I might break the TV then.
1534	fede989	2013-04-08	And of course, the circumstances were far different. The extreme grief, the guilt over the prayers for bran to stay, the lack of sleep... all of this made "It should've been you" possible.  When she prayed for Jon's death, there were no such circumstances, she just hated him a lot, that's it (as far as we know).I had a different take to that. I don't think she prayed for his death because he hated him, I mean why would she hate a baby that can't possibly have done anything to her? She<U+0080><U+0099>s not a mean person on the books or in the show and isn<U+0080><U+0099>t irrational neither. I think she hated the situation she was put into, and her praying for him to die was because she thought it was the only way of being spared the humiliation of it.
1535	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	I had a different take to that. I don't think she prayed for his death because he hated him, I mean why would she hate a baby that can't possibly have done anything to her? She<U+0080><U+0099>s not a mean person on the books or in the show and isn<U+0080><U+0099>t irrational neither. I think she hated the situation she was put into, and her praying for him to die was because she thought it was the only way of being spared the humiliation of it.This is a good interpretation. Her guilt over what happens to Jon is evidence enough that she doesn't hate the boy, she just can't stand the thought of him, i.e that Ned would betray her. Sadly even after all of that she can never bring herself to accept Jon and the thought only crosses her mind because she felt her prayers directly caused an innocent kid to suffer.
1536	Maxthestig	2013-04-08	I loved this scene! 
It explains and gives more background to their relationship. I always thought it was stupid her hatred for him. It's not his fault etc.
I love this scene !
1537	The late lady stark	2013-04-08	For some reason the last line of her monolog stuck in my head. How are all the Starks troubles connected to her not taking Jon Snow as her own?
1538	David Selig	2013-04-08	For some reason the last line of her monolog stuck in my head. How are all the Starks troubles connected to her not taking Jon Snow as her own? Jon Snow is super special and the gods punish anyone who doesn't love him. Duh...
1539	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-08	For some reason the last line of her monolog stuck in my head. How are all the Starks troubles connected to her not taking Jon Snow as her own?Catholic guilt. She was lamenting her losses and began tracing her role in it all back to when she was a kid, and she stole those stickers from the store...and her life went downhill from there. Wait, I'm getting her mixed up with me. Forget it.
1540	Howdyphillip	2013-04-08	The thing is she shouldn't as she has no obligation to mother him and she along with Ned knows that.Just because there is no obligation doesn't mean that she can't believe at a certain time in her life that she would like there to be or that it might be the right thing to do. In the case that is laid out in the show, it is because she thinks her husband's son is going to die. It is no stretch of the imagination to believe that thought might have passed through her head because of how close he was to her children and her husband in the books.We know how she acted towards John, I find it unbelievable that she would never have questioned that, especially given evidence in text that she felt guilty when thinking of John.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 08 April 2013 - 06:44 PM.
1541	Garlan Marius	2013-04-08	Catholic guilt.Joking aside, this is really what it is. Irreligious people who were never acquainted with this sort of thinking won't understand it, but it wholly fits with Cat's character.  Complaints about this scene are unfounded and come from a place of ignorance of Cat's background.
1542	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Joking aside, this is really what it is. Irreligious people who were never acquainted with this sort of thinking won't understand it, but it wholly fits with Cat's character.  Complaints about this scene are unfounded and come from a place of ignorance of Cat's background.i would say it comes more from a place of irrational disdain for anything that happens in the show that doesn't occur in the books that could be considered "major" in the sense of plot of character development.
1543	David Selig	2013-04-08	i would say it comes more from a place of irrational disdain for anything that happens in the show that doesn't occur in the books that could be considered "major" in the sense of plot of character development. Nothing irrational about it, we just know enough about the Westeros society to see that the idea of any noblewoman seriously considering asking her husband to legitimise his bastard when he has 5 trueborn children, is completely ridiculous.
1544	BarrileteCosmico	2013-04-08	I think the people that see foreshadowing for what is happening 3 books from this episode are on a rather big stretch. I don't think the producers place scenes like that, especially in such an unfocused episode where I'm sure they already cut many scenes.  The purpose of the scene was quite likely to remind us that Jon is a Stark (if not in name) and that he can be legitimized, which will play a part in the much shorter term.
1545	JMJ	2013-04-08	Nothing irrational about it, we just know enough about the Westeros society to see that the idea of any noblewoman seriously considering asking her husband to legitimise his bastard when he has 5 trueborn children, is completely ridiculous.I think it's more complicated than that. It's back to the "Catholic guilt" thing. At the time, since Cat felt so guilty about wishing Jon dead, she was willing to "offer" the legitimisation of Jon's bastard status - something she held dear - her family and essentially welcoming him into it more fully. However, the guilt factor became even worse as Cat betrayed that prayer/promise when she still didn't move towards accepting Jon more after he recovered from the pox. Of course, this is all show-Cat. Not saying it has anything at all to do with book-Cat's thoughts/actions...
1546	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Nothing irrational about it, we just know enough about the Westeros society to see that the idea of any noblewoman seriously considering asking her husband to legitimise his bastard when he has 5 trueborn children, is completely ridiculous.Of course it's ridiculous, but you missed the point. She would never consider it in her right mind, but she was horrified that she believed her actions directly led to the potential death of an innocent infant. That's why when the child lived and her guilt and self-loathing subsided, she realized, well no I'm not going through with that.Is it that ludicrous that overwhelming guilt would lead to desperation so that the death of a small child would not linger over your head for the rest of your life, not even considering how Ned would take the death of Jon personally.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 08 April 2013 - 07:52 PM.
1547	TheSellsword	2013-04-08	What I got from that was, that had she loved him and legitimized him. Jon would have been at Winterfell as Lord when Theon came. She could have theoretically hidden Bran and Rickon at Riverrun.
Therefore a far less ammount of her true sons dying. I liked the scene and I believe it was set up for further down the road. To me it seemed like L+R=J nod too.
Maybe Im just grasping at sraws.
1548	David Selig	2013-04-08	Of course it's ridiculous, but you missed the point. She would never consider it in her right mind, but she was horrified that she believed her actions directly led to the potential death of an innocent infant. That's why when the child lived and her guilt and self-loathing subsided, she realized, well no I'm not going through with that. I didn't miss anything. Horrified or not, this idea is just not something a noblewoman in Westeros would ever consider seriously. It's just not done, period. The idea that someone as devout and honorable as Catelyn would backtrack on a serious promise to the gods is equally implausible.
1549	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Interesting how Ned didn't do that in the books, because he could have just waited until after Robert's hunting trip and not told Cersei at all.Ned didn't want murdered children on his conscience.  He knew Robert would kill them all.  But, in the scheme of things, the realm and his head would have been better off.
1550	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	I didn't miss anything. Horrified or not, this idea is just not something a noblewoman in Westeros would ever consider seriously. It's just not done, period.The idea that someone as devout and honorable as Catelyn would backtrack on a serious promise to the gods is equally implausible.The honorable Cat also held the heir of a major Westerosi house captive with impunity for a crime with basically no proof after her husband begs her not to do anything rash. There was no honor in that whatsoever. I guess I don't think Cat is as perfect as you do. It's not that unreasonable to me that even someone who is devout would  make a promise to the gods that she found herself unable to keep. Especially if that promise is made under major grief and guilt Maybe the fact that I only half like Cat makes this scene not bother me so much, and I don't equate book Cat with show Cat.
1551	David Selig	2013-04-08	The honorable Cat also held the heir of a major Westerosi house captive with impunity for a crime with basically no proof after her husband begs her not to do anything rash. There was no honor in that whatsoever. This had nothing whatsoever to do to do with honor.I guess I don't think Cat is as perfect as you do. I don't think she is perfect at all. But she always keeps her word - that's a fact. Even her last action before her death emphasised this trait. Which is one of the reasons why this scene is a major deviation from the books (and the show until now) and doesn't work for me.
1552	DornishmansWife	2013-04-08	<U+0080><U+009C>I wanted to make a strong mother character. The portrayal women in epic fantasy have been problematical for a long time. These books are largely written by men but women also read them in great, great numbers. And the women in fantasy tend to be very atypical women<U+0080> They tend to be the woman warrior or the spunky princess who wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t accept what her father lays down, and I have those archetypes in my books as well.However, with Catelyn there is something reset for the Eleanor of Aquitaine, the figure of the woman who accepted her role and functions with a narrow society and, nonetheless, achieves considerable influence and power and authority despite accepting the risks and limitations of this society.She is also a mother<U+0080> Then, a tendency you can see in a lot of other fantasies is to kill the mother or to get her off the stage. She<U+0080><U+0099>s usually dead before the story opens<U+0080> Nobody wants to hear about King Arthur<U+0080><U+0099>s mother and what she thought or what she was doing, so they get her off the stage and I wanted it too. And that<U+0080><U+0099>s Catelyn.<U+0080><U+009D> ~GRRMI rather interpret this as GRRM stating that Cat is MORE than just a mother, something D&D are not comfortable in writing for show Cat (i.e cutting most of her lines, leaving her off war councils, etc).  Since D&D pegged her as solely that Mother archtype early on, I suppose they're going all the way with it, in the sense of "I should have been EVERYONE's nurturing mother."  In one of the books, Cersei states that Cat must be weak for not smothering Jon Snow in the cradle (I think it's when Robert speaks of bringing one of his bastards to King's Landing), but Cat does not go out of her way to sabotage Jon's position in her household, where he trains alongside Cat's children and has a close relationship with them. Perhaps the showrunners did it to set up Jon Snow being set up as the heir, but I find it really contrary to sacrifice Cat's personality just to accomplish this.  (This is also seen with the friction between Cat and Talisa...def out of character with Cat...she's a forward thinking lady who believes in Family, Duty, and Honor...and sadly, now Talisa is family).  During the scene, I was moved by how great Michelle Fairley is, but how awful her lines always are.  At least Season 1 was good.
1553	swoosh stark	2013-04-08	i think people need to remember that this is an adaptation, meaning that there are going to be some changes from the source material.  it doesnt have to follow the books note for note, instead the show should be its own thing.
1554	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).I felt the exact same way.  I was thinking to myself how it was odd for Catelyn to be saying what she did.  I thought it was maybe to replace the scene in the book when Jeyne comes to her and asks her how to make Robb feel better.  Still very strange and I know George has told them some things about the series just in case he dies, so this could be a foreshadowing.
1555	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Are you serious? Theon would be scared by Jon Snow the 17 year old nobody? /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Yet Theon is totally owned by Ramsay, a young nobody. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1556	WhiteGuts	2013-04-08	He would be Lord of Winterfell. He wouldn't be a nobody.
1557	teemo	2013-04-08	If it's really, truly upsetting you, you can always shrug it off as, "she is crazy with guilt! she has no idea what she's saying." right? right...!?!?!?!?!?
1558	sifth	2013-04-08	This scene made me like Cat more; on the tv show anyway. It takes a really strong person to admit when they are wrong, and Cat hating Jon for the crime of existing was definitely wrong. It made me respect Cat a lot more than I ever did in the books
1559	shiola	2013-04-08	But this is just not who Catelyn is at all in the books. IIRC she never prays for the death of anyone, not even the likes of Joff and Cersei after Ned's death. Look at the sept scene before Renly was killed - she only prays for as many people as possible to be spared. And if she's ever does pray for death, I really don't see her changing her mind when it looks like the prayer is about to be fulfilled. That's not her personality at all - when she decides on a course of actions, she sticks with it.This doesn't sound like Catelyn from the books either. She always keeps her word.Given the customs in Westeros, any noblewoman promising such a thing under any circumstances, just doesn't ring true to me. Accepting a your husband's bastard as your stepson and giving him the same kind of love as your children is just not done. Ever.Good thing it wasn't Catelyn from the books who had the monologue, then!
1560	Caryn Stark	2013-04-08	As soon as I saw Cat talking to Talisa I hit FF. I am going to pretend that they didn't commit what I have read by book lovers to be character assassination and continue to enjoy the adaptation.
1561	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-04-08	Why does our respect for this character hinge on whether she's nice.This is flawed thinking. Reminds me of that feminist t-shirt slogan: "DONT TELL ME TO SMILE"Tywin, Stannis alot of the grimdark characters fans love aren't nice, but I've seen many folks praise their "tough decisions."In a series chock full of rude dicknails, you lose respect for the woman who keeps the bastard kid at arm's length?ETA: I think the most gag-inducing line of dialogue was that Cat was jealous of Ned's lover, lol. That's rich.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 08 April 2013 - 09:40 PM.
1562	sifth	2013-04-08	Why does our respect for this character hinge on whether she's nice.This is flawed thinking. Reminds me of that feminist t-shirt slogan: "DONT TELL ME TO SMILE"Tywin, Stannis alot of the grimdark characters fans love aren't nice, but I've seen many folks praise their "tough decisions."In a series chock full of rude dicknails, you lose respect for the woman who keeps the bastard kid at arm's length?ETA: I think the most gag-inducing line of dialogue was that Cat was jealous of Ned's lover, lol. That's rich.I'm pretty sure most people will hate Tywin this season and next. Stannis actually thinks about the greater good and is trying to save the world
1563	Keep Shelly in Athens	2013-04-08	But there are Tywin defenders. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />  He gets grudging respect because he successfully ends the war earlier than later. He's detestable, of course, but that's okay, the show writers don't feel the need to "fix" him too much.And how is your respect for Stannis any different from Cat begging for peace in Book 3. Both characters get distracted by their own desires but see the bigger picture in the end.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 08 April 2013 - 09:56 PM.
1564	Freebird6699	2013-04-08	Thank God I was spoiled or I would've broken my TV or something, that's how disgusting and stupid this scene is."I'll be a mother to him.""...all because I couldn't love a motherless child" - /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  . What the hell? Why is she supposed to love a kid who is not hers? Sickening nonsense.Vanessa Taylor is simply terrible, all of her episodes were the weakest written in the series.I agree with you whole heartedly.  Cat was never compassionate to Jon in the books and why they would write in this scene is very confusing.  From what i could tell, she doesn't know that Bran and Rickon are "dead" yet.  Robb states that they are missing.  Book Cat and Show Cat make some very important wrong choices that throw their men into harms way.I think the Tyrion Shae scene will set up Shaes desertion of Tyrion when he is forced to marry Sansa.
1565	sifth	2013-04-08	But there are Tywin defenders. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />  He gets grudging respect because he successfully ends the war earlier than later. He's detestable, of course, but that's okay, the show writers don't feel the need to "fix" him too much.And how is your respect for Stannis any different from Cat begging for peace in Book 3. Both characters get distracted by their own desires but see the bigger picture in the end.that's why she went behind her sons back and freed Jamie, ha ha haI'm sure this move wont bite her soon in the ass, ha ha ha
1566	Lord Damian	2013-04-08	I am more upset with them making Robb look like a deuche for how on HBO he married Talisa and in the books the circumstances were far more sympathetic.
1567	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-08	Good scene.
Shows she feels some guilt, but not enough to change her mind about Jon at that time.
Haters need to relax.
1568	lannistergold	2013-04-08	I think the Tyrion Shae scene will set up Shaes desertion of Tyrion when he is forced to marry Sansa.Off-topic, but yeah, this seems likely, and it would be very annoying. Book!Shae is an amoral character whose death you can be glad about, but at least she isn't histrionic the way TV!Shae is shaping up to be. D&D have tried to make Shae a sympathetic character, and I think they want her to stay that way even after she betrays Tyrion, but they're making a botch of it.
1569	Lord Belmore	2013-04-08	I don't love the scene, but it was by no means the worst Catelyn transgression on the show. That came in the muddling of the chronology regarding every S2 event concerning Catelyn, Jamie, Theon, and Winterfell. For me, this was nothing compared to that.

					
					
							Edited by Lord Belmore, 21 February 2015 - 05:27 PM.
1570	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	He would be Lord of Winterfell. He wouldn't be a nobody.Robb does not have the authority, except as King, to legitimize Jon and make him Lord of Winterfell.  And he wasn't declared King until long after he'd left Winterfell.  Therefore, he couldn't have left Jon as Lord of Winterfell in his absence even if he'd wanted to.  And while I think he was fine with legitimizing Jon after he believed his brothers were dead, I can't seem him disinheriting Bran when Winterfell still stands securely.
1571	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	Why does our respect for this character hinge on whether she's nice.  This is flawed thinking. Reminds me of that feminist t-shirt slogan: "DONT TELL ME TO SMILE"Stupid slogan.  There is no contradiction between being a decent human being, and being tough/decisive.  Likewise, being a bitch doesn't make you either tough or smart.  There was no downside in terms of strategy in being nice to Jon as he was growing up, yet Catelyn refused to even call him by his name.  That's just sheer, pointless spite.
1572	Silverin	2013-04-09	You know how ridicoulus it sounds that if she have loved Jon Snow none of the horrible things would have happen if it even makes a new internet meme:http://newsnudityand...ost/47443444847Feel free to think what else wouldn't have happened.
					
					
							Edited by Silverin, 09 April 2013 - 12:10 AM.
1573	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-09	I was confused by the scene as it was happening, but when it ended I'm thinking it was a necessary insertion to create empathy for Cat and to create a concrete idea of what one would likely think about the Cat/John Snow dynamic since it was never actually articulated in the books. . .I think it makes sense in a way for the Show writers to create this scene and there's an emotional purpose for sure.Very well put. This just about sums up my thought son this scene. I will say as soon as she said "one of my sons" I knew it was Jon Snow. She always calls her other boys by their names. Good scene as it definitely made TV Cat more sympathetic than book Cat in my view.
1574	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	I thought this scene was excellent and tremendously sad, and the transition to Jon beyond the wall was great.
What really resonated for me was that when Cat is lamenting that because she couldn't love him and broke her promise to the gods, all this was happening - it's basically somewhat true, even if the gods weren't responsible.
It made me think of how everything would have been different if Cat HAD tried to convince Ned to legitimize Jon, for his sake and for the Starks in general.  Very sad, and quite effective.
1575	Minsc	2013-04-09	Why does our respect for this character hinge on whether she's nice.This is flawed thinking. Reminds me of that feminist t-shirt slogan: "DONT TELL ME TO SMILE"Tywin, Stannis alot of the grimdark characters fans love aren't nice, but I've seen many folks praise their "tough decisions."In a series chock full of rude dicknails, you lose respect for the woman who keeps the bastard kid at arm's length?ETA: I think the most gag-inducing line of dialogue was that Cat was jealous of Ned's lover, lol. That's rich.Because not being a replacement mommy for a sad little boy is worse then attempting to kill a young child, somehow.
1576	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-09	You know how ridicoulus it sounds that if she have loved Jon Snow none of the horrible things would have happen if it even makes a new internet meme:http://newsnudityand...ost/47443444847Feel free to think what else wouldn't have happened.They're taking it too literal. If people actually think that Cat believes that because she "didn't love Jon" everything fell apart, then they definitely got the scene wrong, because she never implies that. Her grief has nothing to do with Jon but her relationship with her Gods, she failed to them because she made a promise ridden by momentary guilt and now she feels they're punishing her: it's not about Jon but about the promise itself and her failure as a pious women.
1577	David Selig	2013-04-09	What really resonated for me was that when Cat is lamenting that because she couldn't love him and broke her promise to the gods, all this was happening - it's basically somewhat true, even if the gods weren't responsible. What? That's totally bogus.
1578	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	What? That's totally bogus.Nah way brah, it's totally rad.   /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Think of how things could (not would - of course certain things would most likely play out in a similar way) have been different if Jon Snow HAD been legitimized.By the way, please note that I said "somewhat true," not "entirely, unquestionably, and irrefutably true."
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 09 April 2013 - 01:44 AM.
1579	David Selig	2013-04-09	Nah way brah, it's totally rad.   /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Think of how things could (not would - of course certain things would most likely play out in a similar way) have been different if Jon Snow HAD been legitimized. First, neither Ned (due to R+L=J) nor Robert (because that would've been a politically idiotic move) would've agreed with the legitimisation so it would never have happened. Even if it had happened, nothing major would've changed. All these "Jon would've stopped Theon" and "Jon would've stopped the RW" claims are complete nonsense.
1580	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	First, neither Ned (due to R+L=J) nor Robert (because that would've been a politically idiotic move) would've agreed with the legitimisation so it would never have happened.Even if it had happened, nothing major would've changed. All these "Jon would've stopped Theon" and "Jon would've stopped the RW" claims are complete nonsense.If you were GRR Martin I'd totally agree with you.  But you're not, so you don't know any better than any of the rest of us what WOULD have happened given anything.  All we know is what DID happen, either as presented in the books or on the show, and anything else that MIGHT have happened is anyone's guess.
1581	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-09	If you were GRR Martin I'd totally agree with you.  But you're not, so you don't know any better than any of the rest of us what WOULD have happened given anything.  All we know is what DID happen, either as presented in the books or on the show, and anything else that MIGHT have happened is anyone's guess.We still can speculate with the few data we have about the characters. Mostly of Jon's motivation to join the NW was due to his status as a bastard and what it meant for his future. Despite he was loved by his brothers and father, and respected by the people in Winterfell, he has always felt that being Snow and not Stark defines what he is, that's why he choose to left to the Wall and make himself a name for himself. The fact that Ned left Winterfell and he left with only Robb and Cat (and the kids) was the final excuse he needed, feeling like he didn't belong there.If he had been legitimized, then there is two possibilities: that Cat still resents her and he still feels that's not his place and leav (after all, Benjen is a Stark and he left, as many other Stark before them did), or that she kept her "promise" and cared for the kid: he feels at home and stays in order to assist Robb as the future Lord of Winterfell and serve him, probably as a knight, and then, they go South.What happens after that, it's mere speculation, but who knows, maybe Jon could stopped Robb sleeping with Jeyne. Or maybe he could have supported him or even tell him that marrying her was the right thing to do. Then we would be having lovely discussions about how Jon caused or wasn't able to stop the Red Wedding. Heh.
1582	Old Man Aegon	2013-04-09	I actually liked the scene. It shows the viewers that a bastard can be made a real family member. Something that plays a part both with Robbs will aswell as Ramsay.
And about the "This would never have happend if I has loved him" does not mean that Catelyns love would automaticly prevent events but that since she didnt fullfill her promise to the Gods they are punishing her.
1583	StarkDragon	2013-04-09	Think of how things could (not would - of course certain things would most likely play out in a similar way) have been different if Jon Snow HAD been legitimized.Ok... /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />He'd be killed at the RW so Boltons can still claim the North, and not have a Stark still fighting a war against Tywin?Thank God Catelyn didn't legitimize Jon Snow!
1584	Aripyanfar	2013-04-09	I really loved the Cat scene.  It gives Cat some more sympathy, because it showed Cat could see with her intellect that it wasn't fair to hate John just because she was jealous of whoever Ned slept with to produce him.  But she, humanly and with shades of grey, couldn't get her reason to overcome her emotion in this case, through all the long years.  Her jealousy beat her intellect except in one extreme case during her parental relationship with John.
If there was any foreshadowing in her speech, I didn't catch it.  It might be there, but what I got out of it was more of Cats religiosity/(superstition).  She really believes in the Gods, and she really believes they hand out punishments and rewards.  She knows her treatment of John was wrong all along, and it was a major crime against him and not only that, she went back on her own vow to the very Gods!  So in her mind she's guilty of major moral crimes, and the Gods are punishing her justly with equal and poetic punishments.
					
					
							Edited by Aripyanfar, 09 April 2013 - 03:08 AM.
1585	victim	2013-04-09	If I were Robb and I had a legitimized Jon at my side, I'd be like, "Bro, I need you to be Lord of Winterfell while I'm away, hold the North for me, yeah?" Theon would have a much harder time taking Winterfell from Jon instead of Bran, in turn Roose wouldn't defect. Edmure and Roslin marry and it is a wonderful affair where everyone is happy, especially when the Hound shows up with Arya. I keep winning my campaign in the Riverlands, especially now that Tywin and the majority of his host is in King's Landing. Jaime keeps his word and returns my sister Sansa to me and I revoke her marriage to the Imp. Everyone lives happily for a time after Tommen is declared King and Tywin is killed by his own son, then Dragons and Others show up and kill us all anyway. 
Why not?
1586	David Selig	2013-04-09	If I were Robb and I had a legitimized Jon at my side, I'd be like, "Bro, I need you to be Lord of Winterfell while I'm away, hold the North for me, yeah?" Theon would have a much harder time taking Winterfell from Jon instead of Bran, in turn Roose wouldn't defect. Edmure and Roslin marry and it is a wonderful affair where everyone is happy, especially when the Hound shows up with Arya. I keep winning my campaign in the Riverlands, especially now that Tywin and the majority of his host is in King's Landing. Jaime keeps his word and returns my sister Sansa to me and I revoke her marriage to the Imp. Everyone lives happily for a time after Tommen is declared King and Tywin is killed by his own son, then Dragons and Others show up and kill us all anyway.Why not?What makes you think Jon Snow (who's pretty much an idiot on the show and would be green as grass without his experience at the Wall) would do better than Ser Rodrik, an experienced knight and master-at-arms?
1587	Jayuk83	2013-04-09	Quick question: did anyone notice the line at the beginning of the scene, (words to affect of) "You're afraid of her", and then a reply, "I'm not afraid".
Who the hell said these lines??? And why??
I haven't had the chance to rewatch it yet but i wasn't sure if my TV had skipped at that point until my friend said she noticed the same thing!
1588	David Selig	2013-04-09	Quick question: did anyone notice the line at the beginning of the scene, (words to affect of) "You're afraid of her", and then a reply, "I'm not afraid".Who the hell said these lines??? And why?? I think those lines were about the mare Talisa was riding.
1589	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	I also didn't mean that everything would play out exactly as it did except that there was Jon Stark, but that the ripple effect of Jon being legitimized would have changed EVERYTHING. Circumstances would have been entirely different, all sorts of things would have (and would not have) happened.  To the point where it's possible Ned might NOT have been the hand of the king. Who knows?
But that's all moot anyway, just as Catelyn's fear that the gods were punishing her.    It ultimately doesn't matter what MIGHT have happened, only what DID happen.
1590	victim	2013-04-09	What makes you think Jon Snow (who's pretty much an idiot on the show and would be green as grass without his experience at the Wall) would do better than Ser Rodrik, an experienced knight and master-at-arms?What makes you think I was being remotely serious?
1591	Jayuk83	2013-04-09	I think those lines were about the mare Talisa was riding.But it sounded as if Catelyn said the line! If it someone else, who was it?
1592	David Selig	2013-04-09	But it sounded as if Catelyn said the line! If it someone else, who was it?it was Catelyn, yes, who said the first line. She apparently noticed Talisa having problems with the mare. At least that's how I understood it, it confused me a bit too at first.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 09 April 2013 - 04:01 AM.
1593	jotabe1789	2013-04-09	I enjoyed this scene quite a bit. Makes her a bit more sympathetic than in the books. A person who suffers so much as she does should be given moments where we can connect with her feelings.
I don't think she really hated Jon. It was Ned she hated: she had been a good and proper lady, she had given up her beloved Riverlands and gone to that stark, cold place, where even her own gods hardly had a place. And Ned repaid her by not giving her even the first chance to show how good a wife, she could be. The honorable Eddard Stark had cheated on her the first occasion he had, and would insult her by keeping his bastard with him, and her.
But she couldn't hate Ned, because she had grown to love him. She saw that Ned was really honorable and caring... so she had to redirect her hidden bitteness, redirect it to someone whom she wasn't required to love.
And then she thought that if the child just died, then there would be no reason anymore for her to keep her hatred for Jon (for Ned) alive. And she wouldn't have to bear those conflicting emotions any longer.
About her promises, specially the promise to ask Ned to legitimize Jon... she says she was the whole night by his side, awake. A whole night is many hours, an awful lot of minutes. The child doesn't seem to get better, so she tries to bargain with the gods. She starts small, promising that she'll treat him better. But he still doesn't get better, so her bargaining scalates. She will love him. She will be a mother to him. And the child is still not getting better... and desperate to get rid of her guilt, no longer believing it will work, she even promises to to tell Ned that he could be legitimized... and then the kid gets better, and she realizes she has just made a promise to the gods, and she cannot take it back, because the gods kept their part of the bargain. But she doesn't intend to keep hers.
1594	LadyMary	2013-04-09	I watched it and knew it would cause outrage, but I had no problem with it at all.  I'm a Catelyn fan, I understand her hatred and treatment of Jon but don't condone it obviously.  This scene just seemed to fill in one page of their long history together.  Catelyn still hated Jon after this, but had a moment of weakness.  We see her regretting what she said to Jon later in GoT, so I don't think it's unreasonable or out of character for her to have had previous moments of weakness with Jon.Some people think the scene was a kind of character assassination, but I thought it was the opposite. I loved the scene. There I said it - LOVED it. I always thought Cat's unrelenting anger and resentment at a boy who had no control over his fate was very off-putting. I don't think it shows "weakness" to admit her fault or feel regret and guilt for the way she treated him, even if her guilt was kind of extreme because she blames all of her family's troubles on reneging on a promise she made to the Seven (really it was Jon Arryn's death that set all the subsequent events in motion).I think the whole scene made Cat more relatable and real. Good people have flaws and blind spots that can cause setbacks in their lives. Admitting them is the first step to moving beyond them. In this case, she can't make it up to Jon but maybe there will be some payoff for her confession down the road.
1595	Buckwheat	2013-04-09	I think I learned to differentiate between Cat in the books and Cat in the show. I was angry with her presentation most of the season 2, but I really appreciated that scene (minus the fact that Talisa was there, I still cannot stand that one), mostly due to Michelle Fairley being such a great actress. I love how she manages to act Cat's sadness.
1596	Northbound	2013-04-09	I have a question, about what Cat said in the episode.  Did she say, if the gods let Jon live; that she "would" ask Ned to give Jon the Stark name or that she "did" ask him?
Of course the reason I ask, leads more in to who Jon potentially is.  Now, most of us who have read the books; have brought up the fact, there is a lot of back story being left out of the show.  It seems at this point, we are going to get very little of it....if at all.
Now, back to last nights episode.  If Cat said that, she "did" ask Ned to give Jon a Stark name and he refused, that could leds us to one conclusion. That Ned, didn't want to draw attention to Jon, assuming R+L=J is true.  Could this be a way that the show creators are trying to bridge the back story?
1597	Ser Greguh	2013-04-09	I have a question, about what Cat said in the episode.  Did she say, if the gods let Jon live; that she "would" ask Ned to give Jon the Stark name or that she "did" ask him?She said she "would", but didn't follow through.
1598	Northbound	2013-04-09	Ok, thank you.  I wasn't sure.  Was going to watch it again tonight, with Sub Caps on...now I wont have too.
1599	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	I didn't like the change mainly because I feel like it didn't hold continuity with the TV cat we have seen in the first season. It felt like they were going out of there way to make her more sympathetic. Then again they did the same thing with Cersi and I thought that was a very positive addition. I think TV Cersi comes off as more reasonable and caring and it adds to the character. Maybe trying to make Cat more likable will help my emotional investment in the character later in the show.
I actually thought the change with Jamie and Briennes swordfight will have more story ramifications. I think the writers wanted to play up the relationship more and make Brienne seem more of a bad ass swordswoman then she was. She is very good. Jamie even starving and fettered is one of the top 3 swordsmen in the realm. She herself talks about even with those disadvantages it was all she could do to hold her own. I think by making Jamie seem a midling swordsman it will really take away from how profound a loss he suffers and how much it changes the nature of who he is.
I guess time will tell on both these changes how things shake out....although they do concern me.
1600	David Selig	2013-04-09	I think I learned to differentiate between Cat in the books and Cat in the show. I was angry with her presentation most of the season 2, but I really appreciated that scene (minus the fact that Talisa was there, I still cannot stand that one), mostly due to Michelle Fairley being such a great actress. I love how she manages to act Cat's sadness. This is probably the most frustrating part for me. Seeing how Michelle is able to really sell even the mediocre material she's usually given, I can't help but think what awesome scenes we'd have had if for example they've shown the sept scene before Renly's death, or the dialogue with Brienne when she got the news about Bran and Rickon's death.
1601	Buckwheat	2013-04-09	This is probably the most frustrating part for me. Seeing how Michelle is able to really sell even the mediocre material she's usually given, I can't help but think what awesome scenes we'd have had if for example they've shown the sept scene before Renly's death, or the dialogue with Brienne when she got the news about Bran and Rickon's death.She would. The two scenes that touched me most in the show were the one in season 2 where the Silent Sisters bring her Eddard's bones and the one in the last episode where she learned about the deaths of Brandon and Rickon. This proves how excellent she is, that she can make such an impression to the viewers.:/  We have to take what we get, really.
1602	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	I didn't like the change mainly because I feel like it didn't hold continuity with the TV cat we have seen in the first season. It felt like they were going out of there way to make her more sympathetic.GRRM himself was surprised at the negative reaction to book Cat.  He intended her to be a positive maternal character, so to the extent they added something that made her more sympathetic, that would seem fairly consistent with his view of her.  Come to think of it, that may have been why the "it should have been you" comment was omitted --GRRM may have thought it led to interpretations of her character that were inconsistent with his intent.Then again they did the same thing with Cersi and I thought that was a very positive addition. I think TV Cersi comes off as more reasonable and caring and it adds to the character. Maybe trying to make Cat more likable will help my emotional investment in the character later in the show.Yeah, I personally hated book Cersei, and I liked hating here.  But the Cersei the show has drawn is more credible, and I do think it makes for better TV.  I know some folks are opposed to such changes, but to me, as long as the changes aren't enough to affect their actions, but go more towards interpreting the exact shade of gray in which the character is painted, I'm fine with that.  Cersei's still a nasty bitch, but I can see better why she thinks she is justified in what she is doing.Btw, I think they've also done a very good job of showing how she's losing/lost control of Joffrey.  Very good acting on both ends.Of course, if they make Gregor all cute and cuddly, I'll be throwing my remote through the screen.
1603	dreamcatcher	2013-04-09	When I saw this scene I figured that in the grand scope of things, it'll probably matter. I always believed that Catelyn/Jon reunion (with Cat giving him the kiss of life, or at least them just making up) would be incredibly poetic.
1604	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	GRRM himself was surprised at the negative reaction to book Cat.  He intended her to be a positive maternal character, so to the extent they added something that made her more sympathetic, that would seem fairly consistent with his view of her.  Come to think of it, that may have been why the "it should have been you" comment was omitted --GRRM may have thought it led to interpretations of her character that were inconsistent with his intent.Yeah, I personally hated book Cersei, and I liked hating here.  But the Cersei the show has drawn is more credible, and I do think it makes for better TV.  I know some folks are opposed to such changes, but to me, as long as the changes aren't enough to affect their actions, but go more towards interpreting the exact shade of gray in which the character is painted, I'm fine with that.  Cersei's still a nasty bitch, but I can see better why she thinks she is justified in what she is doing.Btw, I think they've also done a very good job of showing how she's losing/lost control of Joffrey.  Very good acting on both ends.Of course, if they make Gregor all cute and cuddly, I'll be throwing my remote through the screen.I agree I think Cersi has been one of the best examples of a character bringing something extra and positive to the interpretation of a character. I also think in a TV show you don't have the liberty of bringing a character growth along as slowly and subtly as in a book. So you use a hammer not a scalpel. I just don't think the continuity holds from the show itself. I hope the move  will make more sense later on. Maybe i am blinded by my Cat bias /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Where whores go <-, 09 April 2013 - 09:18 AM.
1605	Buckwheat	2013-04-09	When I saw this scene I figured that in the grand scope of things, it'll probably matter. I always believed that Catelyn/Jon reunion (with Cat giving him the kiss of life, or at least them just making up) would be incredibly poetic.I do not think there is much likelihood this will happen; UnCat is in the Riverlands and I guess she will stay there, and Jon's story is at the Wall. And evem thematically, it does not fit. Cat in the books always disliked Jon, it was one her characteristic that was negative and made her feel more real. If she suddenly decided she needs to "redeem" for it, it would make her less realistic IMO.
1606	Stark@heart	2013-04-09	So, what did you think of this scene?  I know most people hated it - but what is the point of it?  Is it to to really emphasize that connection Jon still has to the Starks and that he can be legitimized at one point?  I personally didn't like the change because it didn't feel like something that Cat would ever think, but I'm curious what others think...EDIT: here is the whole dialogue:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall.  Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox.  Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night.  So I sat with him all through the darkness.  Listened to his ragged little breathes.  His coughing, his whimpering.[Which boy?]Jon Snow.  When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him.  I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me.  So I prayed to the gods, take him away.  Make him die.  He got the pox.  And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived.  A murderer.  I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother.  A woman he didn't even know.  So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live.  Let him live, and I'lll love him.  I'll be a mother to him.  I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it.  To make him one of us.  [And he lived?]And he lived.  And I couldn't keep my promise.  And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family, it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child."EDIT: i'm quoting Francis Buck from another thread, because I think it's interesting:Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).I loved it!!  It came out of no where? or did it?    I like your thinking on that!I just love the fact that they finally made her say it! That's been my feelings about Cat from the start.  She's caught up on Family, Duty, Honor in a bad way and it keeps her from making Jon a part of her Family and even pretending to like him, a Duty in that society that could have been expected of her, because "Ned's Bastard" affronted her sense of Honor.It was also Cat who insisted Ned to go south with the King because it suited her purpose / idea of Family, Duty, Honor after the letter was received from her sister/ family Lysa.And it was Cat, who listened to Littelfinger and never questioned the motive of a man she spurred years ago and hasn't seen or spoke to since, who took Tyrion.  Out of her own sense of fulfilling the motto of Family, Duty, Honor. Yes, Cat is much more complex and shrewd in some instances in the book but I think the show is doing a great job getting across the truth behind the characters.  Almost everyone who reads the books has that feeling about Cat.   That she should have accepted and loved Jon, it might not have changed anything but you never know.  The readers get to have those moments of wondering after reading the words on the page.  The viewer has to see it.Alot of things have and will be changed, that's the nature of it but it can also add to the experience / meaning in the books. I think that will happen with the Others too. l think the show will reveal some "background" that will answer or at least address some of the question surrounding The Wall and Others and wrights and ice magic, etc.I was never a Cat fan, more like / hate and I can see why the show needed to make her more likeable and use her character to explain some things.  Like what happens when she dies will also tell alot.  Can't wait.
1607	David Selig	2013-04-09	Yes, Cat is much more complex and shrewd in some instances in the book but I think the show is doing a great job getting across the truth behind the characters.  Almost everyone who reads the books has that feeling about Cat.   That she should have accepted and loved Jon*edit*deleted, because I misread a bit and was a jerk.*Cat had no reason at all to love Jon and plenty of reasons to dislike him and be wary of him.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 09 April 2013 - 10:15 AM.
1608	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	Almost everyone who reads the books has that feeling about Cat.   That she should have accepted and loved Jon, it might not have changed anything but you never know. I think you're doing some projection there, or perhaps need to talk to more readers.I personally think it would have been a good and admirable thing to do, but that's precisely because it would have been the exception rather than the rule.   Even though it seems wrong in a moral sense, her resenting Jon is still understandable to me.  But, I think there was a middle ground between never calling him by his name, and treating her as one of her own, that she could have more reasonably occupied.On the other hand, I really do like the insight into her thinking, on occasion, that she should have been more of a mother to him.  I think it is very human and credible for a wife in that position to hold a general anger against the child, but also that, on occasion, the mother inside is struck by a pang of conscience that the anger is really misdirected, that this is really just a child without a mother, and to feel some level of pity/guilt.
1609	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	Almost everyone who reads the books has that feeling about Cat. That she should have accepted and loved Jon, it might not have changed anything but you never know.That's an obviously false statement, given how divisive the Cat threads use to be.Really: put yourself in her situation for a minute. Your spouse brings home a baby, refuses to tell you where it comes from, forbids you from asking about it, forces you to accept that he'll grow up among your children. That's already more than anyone should have to bear. But demanding to love the kid on top of that? Madness.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 09 April 2013 - 10:12 AM.
1610	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	I do not think there is much likelihood this will happen; UnCat is in the Riverlands and I guess she will stay there, and Jon's story is at the Wall. And evem thematically, it does not fit. Cat in the books always disliked Jon, it was one her characteristic that was negative and made her feel more real. If she suddenly decided she needs to "redeem" for it, it would make her less realistic IMO.Even the first season of the show was this way. It was a pretty 180 change for Cat to suddenly become the nurturing mother of Jon Snow /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1611	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	That's an obviously false statement, given how divisive the Cat threads use to be.Really: put yourself in her situation for a minute. Your spouse brings home a baby, refuses to tell you where it comes from, forbids you from asking about it, forces you to accept that he'll grow up among your children. That's already more than anyone should have to bear. But demanding to love the kid on top of that? Madness.I'll say this -- I know of situations in the RL where there are babies of dubious lineage raised in part by a non-biological mother or father, who attempt, and often succeed, in showing that baby love.  I don't think the concept that the ability to love, or at least be very kind to, a child, is limited to children to whom you are related biologically.Westeros is a different place, which is why I think it proper to cut Cat a bit more slack.  But I don't think the idea that a woman could love the child while feeling anger over what her husband did is all that unrealistic either.
1612	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	That's an obviously false statement, given how divisive the Cat threads use to be.Really: put yourself in her situation for a minute. Your spouse brings home a baby, refuses to tell you where it comes from, forbids you from asking about it, forces you to accept that he'll grow up among your children. That's already more than anyone should have to bear. But demanding to love the kid on top of that? Madness.Well it wasn't the kids fault. I think the thing that always angered me as that there was a villain in this situation....It definately wasn't Jon Snow...it was Eddard Stark. He didn't trust his wife enough to tell her the truth. She didn't have the courage to yell at who she was really mad at and projected those feelings onto a lonely child. I think that has always been the unforgivable sin of Cat i have trouble getting past.Just always reminded me of that girl trying to pull the hair out of some other girl for sleeping with her boyfriend...then forgiving the boyfriend without batting an eye. Never made any sense to me.
1613	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	it was Eddard Stark. He didn't trust his wife enough to tell her the truth. She didn't have the courage to yell at who she was really mad at and projected those feelings onto a lonely child. I think that has always been the unforgivable sin of Cat i have trouble getting past.Ned did what he had to do.  Jon's parentage absolutely had to be kept a secret.  He was very newly married to Catelyn when he brought back Jon, and didn't know her very well at all.  He had no way of knowing if she'd actually be able to keep her mouth shut or not, or whether, in a moment of confidence with a female friend, she might reveal that "it's not really his".  Had he told her later, after their relationship was stronger and they knew each other better, the change in her behavior to Jon may have attracted unwanted attention.The thing about secrets is that you have to keep them, or they're not secrets.  If you are given information under the condition that you don't tell anyone, then that means don't tell anyone.  It doesn't mean you can tell other people as long as they promise not to tell, because if you can't trust yourself to keep that promise, why should you trust the person to whom you're entrusting that confidence to keep theirs?It's always puzzled me when people come up to me and say "I'm not supposed to tell anyone, but....".  My response is always "then don't tell me". The converse just doesn't make any sense.
1614	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	Ned did what he had to do.  Jon's parentage absolutely had to be kept a secret.  He was very newly married to Catelyn when he brought back Jon, and didn't know her very well at all.  He had no way of knowing if she'd actually be able to keep her mouth shut or not, or whether, in a moment of confidence with a female friend, she might reveal that "it's not really his".  Had he told her later, after their relationship was stronger and they knew each other better, the change in her behavior to Jon may have attracted unwanted attention.The thing about secrets is that you have to keep them, or they're not secrets.  If you are given information under the condition that you don't tell anyone, then that means don't tell anyone.  It doesn't mean you can tell other people as long as they promise not to tell, because if you can't trust yourself to keep that promise, why should you trust the person to whom you're entrusting that confidence to keep theirs?It's always puzzled me when people come up to me and say "I'm not supposed to tell anyone, but....".  My response is always "then don't tell me". The converse just doesn't make any sense.Then....he still didn't trust Cat. He made the choice for both of them that she wasn't strong enough to handle the truth. I personally think she would have been. She is at least twice as savy as he is. Then again some of the castle walls in Winterfell are more savy then eddard /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He didn't HAVE to keep this secret. He chose to. He chose to keep the secret knowing the effect on his marrige and more importantly knowing the effect on Jon. She chose to treat Jon the way she did because she had unresolved feelings over her husband openly keeping a secret from her.Either way Eddard was cruel to his wife and JonCat was cruel to JonI am glad....i would hate it if they were shimmering white perfect all the time. It makes them more real.
					
					
							Edited by Where whores go <-, 09 April 2013 - 10:43 AM.
1615	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	Well it wasn't the kids fault. I think the thing that always angered me as that there was a villain in this situation....It definately wasn't Jon Snow...it was Eddard Stark. Why it must be someone's fault? Perhaps Catelyn could have found it in herself to love Jon. Perhaps Jon could have been content to be a bastard instead of desiring to be a Stark. Perhaps Eddard could have found a better solution for everyone, such as fostering the kid away at let's say White Harbor.The thing is, everyone implied meant well. But everyone implied suffered. That's live.That said, I think we tend to overstate how bad Jon was. He missed a mother figure, and Cat was "cold" to him. But on the plus side, he was given a treatment far above his social status, had a loving father, and a great relationship with all his siblings. I think it's fair to say that if we wanted to sort out who suffered the most, the order would be Cat > Ned > Jon.But we don't need to allocate blame here. Eddard was in the hard situation of choosing between Jon's safety or Cat's happiness, rightly chose the former. As FLoW says, if you want to keep a secret, tell no one. And he was dealing with Jon's live, here.
1616	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	Why it must be someone's fault? Perhaps Catelyn could have found it in herself to love Jon. Perhaps Jon could have been content to be a bastard instead of desiring to be a Stark. Perhaps Eddard could have found a better solution for everyone, such as fostering the kid away at let's say White Harbor.The thing is, everyone implied meant well. But everyone implied suffered. That's live.That said, I think we tend to overstate how bad Jon was. He missed a mother figure, and Cat was "cold" to him. But on the plus side, he was given a treatment far above his social status, had a loving father, and a great relationship with all his siblings.I think it's fair to say that if we wanted to sort out who suffered the most, the order would be Cat > Ned > Jon.But we don't need to allocate blame here. Eddard was in the hard situation of choosing between Jon's safety or Cat's happiness, rightly chose the former. As FLoW says, if you want to keep a secret, tell no one. And he was dealing with Jon's live, here.Jon didn't have it so great considering his status? Unless you were operating under the assumption he is the bastard of eddard and some fishwife. I agree things could have been worse...and everyone may have had good intentions. Accept Cat. I don't think it was her intention to take out her feelings on Jon....but it definately wasn't well placed.So I don't think this is fair to say  Cat > Ned > Jon.
					
					
							Edited by Where whores go <-, 09 April 2013 - 11:23 AM.
1617	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	And Cat generally was very happy.  She loved Ned and her other children - Jon's existence was not the center of her life, and while Jon was not happy about his relationship with her, he otherwise had an enjoyable life.
Catelyn deliberately defied Robb because she thought she knew better.  Had Ned revealed Jon's parentage, who's to say she wouldn't have freaked out and said it put them all too much at risk, and that the safety of her family required that the King be told?  Ned did what had to be done, because that was the only way he could be sure of keeping Jon safe.
1618	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	And Cat generally was very happy.  She loved Ned and her other children - Jon's existence was not the center of her life, and while Jon was not happy about his relationship with her, he otherwise had an enjoyable life.Catelyn deliberately defied Robb because she thought she knew better.  Had Ned revealed Jon's parentage, who's to say she wouldn't have freaked out and said it put them all too much at risk, and that the safety of her family required that the King be told?  Ned did what had to be done, because that was the only way he could be sure of keeping Jon safe.Again I understand your logic. I don't think he HAD to do this. it was a choice. Perhaps even a calculated choice, but a choice none the less. A choice that openly showed his wife he had no faith in her. Rather it was the correct choice remains to be seen. I don't think Eddard dying was part of his plan...and maybe he thought a day would come when he could tell his whole family the truth. He made a choice though to risk his life and that of his family for his duty and honor.
	Spoiler As of this moment lying in the snow with a knife in his back @ 16 I dont think the choice has served Jon Snows best interests that well.
1619	Antonious Stark	2013-04-09	Personally I love the scene. It showed a love and hate that Catelyn had for Jon that we find see in the books, more so the love we didn't see and how guilty she may have honestly felt that again wasn't conveyed in the books.
1620	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	Personally I love the scene. It showed a love and hate that Catelyn had for Jon that we find see in the books, more so the love we didn't see and how guilty she may have honestly felt that again wasn't conveyed in the books.I think what the scene did well was show the self loathing Cat has for herself. That she knows it isn't the boys fault....and knows that she can't get over it even though she reconizes this fact.
1621	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	I can't read every post here but wanted to weight in - I don't understand fan outrage in general, much less for this scene.  Cat's monologue was the standout of the episode for me and nearly brought me to tears.  It does so many things at once and her performance was sublime.
- reminds us that Cat is religious and somewhat superstitious, and takes her role and duty as a mother incredibly seriously.  She feels personally responsible for these terrible things that have happened, because of her inability to be a real mother to someone else's child.
- beautifully crystalizes the complicated relationship between Cat and JS.  If Robb talks to Cat about making JS his heir, her reservations will make more sense.
- reminds viewers of the question of Jon's parentege and Ned's motives.  Keep in mind that this central mystery is NOT on the forefront of everyone's mind when they are watching the show.
I really don't see much difference between book Cat and TV Cat - we aren't privy to her thoughts when she is on camera, so she has to show them to us in other ways.  The story of JS's fever and Cat's response to it is a perfectly believable thing to have happened.  And with limited screen time, every piece of dialogue has to be efficient and meaningful to people who didn't read the books.
Can someone please explain to me (briefly and gently!) the Cliff's Notes version of what exactly is so different?  I feel that she has so far been one of the more faithfully rendered characters, but obviously this is a point of controversy.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 09 April 2013 - 12:08 PM.
1622	Hoo	2013-04-09	I agree with people who say Catelyn's character was killed.  
The moment she let Jamie free she was dead.  She introduced rift in the military ranks.  She lost all credibility, and as it turns out sanity.
As far as her little speech about Jon, she is a crazy woman with zero credibility in the series.  Her scenes add nothing to anything in the series.  Might as well behead her in the next episode.
1623	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	Why do people think show-Cat has to be this one sided, easily described individual? She is, in my eyes, just as multi-dimensional and unpredictable as any human being on this earth. If anything, this scene makes the show great because it proves that everyone has real feelings and regret. There is nothing wrong with that. She can choose to love Jon if she damn well pleases.
1624	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	I agree with people who say Catelyn's character was killed.  The moment she let Jamie free she was dead.  She introduced rift in the military ranks.  She lost all credibility, and as it turns out sanity.As far as her little speech about Jon, she is a crazy woman with zero credibility in the series.  Her scenes add nothing to anything in the series.  Might as well behead her in the next episode.so, in other words, "YOU'RE DEAD TO ME, FICTIONAL CHARACTER!!"
1625	Hoo	2013-04-09	so, in other words, "YOU'RE DEAD TO ME, FICTIONAL CHARACTER!!"Yup.  The jury has decided.
1626	David Selig	2013-04-09	Can someone please explain to me (briefly and gently!) the Cliff's Notes version of what exactly is so different?  I feel that she has so far been one of the more faithfully rendered characters, but obviously this is a point of controversy. Ran did it in another thread - I think he's spot on as usualCatelyn in the show thinks Ned should refuse Robert and should stay home. Catelyn in the show complains bitterly about men using "honor" and "duty" as excuses. Catelyn in the show wants to "kill them all". Catelyn in the show says nothing, keeping her mouth shut, as Robb and his men talk of continuing the war. Catelyn in the show gets tricked by Littlefinger and Tyrion to free Jaime. Catelyn in the show is unable to justify her actions in freeing Jaime. Catelyn in the show considers herself obliged to be Jon's mother.Catelyn in the novels is and done none of these things. The book character sometimes does the exact opposite. Hence why people see it as a significant departure.http://asoiaf.wester...20#entry4295632I'll just add that instead of participating in the fighting when the clansmen attacked her party, Catelyn in the show just stood paralized with fear and waited for the men to save her. When Brienne fought the guards, Cat in the show again just watched instead of intervening unlike in the books. Catelyn in the show wanted to get back to Winterfell ASAP when the war started and Robb ordered her to stay South - again unlike what happened in the books.
1627	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	I agree with people who say Catelyn's character was killed.  The moment she let Jamie free she was dead.  She introduced rift in the military ranks.  She lost all credibility, and as it turns out sanity.As far as her little speech about Jon, she is a crazy woman with zero credibility in the series.  Her scenes add nothing to anything in the series.  Might as well behead her in the next episode.Letting Jaime go in the books wasn't any smarter, though. It might be more understandable after the loss of her sons, but objectively, it's just as crappy of an idea.As for the rest of it, I suppose if you take the POV of a Robb partisan, and care only about whether the Starks won or lost as if it was the RL, then it makes sense.  I think personally she's valuable in representing one type of casualty of the war.In terms of creating a Rift, Robb also did a pretty good job of that himself by breaking his oath to the Freys.  These aren't perfect people.I'll just add that instead of participating in the fighting when the clansmen attacked her party, Catelyn in the show just stood paralized with fear and waited for the men to save her. When Brienne fought the guards, Cat in the show again just watched instead of intervening unlike in the books.I'm not sure why any of that really matters.  Show Catelyn is not a physically powerful person.  She's a bit older than book Catelyn, and doesn't appear to be capable of offering any credible physical resistance.  I don't see her willingness to pick up a sword and fight as being a key component of her character given that everyone understood she was not a combatant.  She had "women's courage", not battle courage.  Had Ms. Fairley started swinging a blade or something, I think it would have been more humorous than impressive.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 01:06 PM.
1628	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	Ran did it in another thread - I think he's spot on as usualhttp://asoiaf.wester...20#entry4295632I'll just add that instead of participating in the fighting when the clansmen attacked her party, Catelyn in the show just stood paralized with fear and waited for the men to save her. When Brienne fought the guards, Cat in the show again just watched instead of intervening unlike in the books. Catelyn in the show wanted to get back to Winterfell ASAP when the war started and Robb ordered her to stay South - again unlike what happened in the books.This all seems pretty minor to me.  - I never would have expected an unarmed, middle aged highborn woman to fight off clansmen when she has fully armed escorts to do it for her, for example.- She is 'tricked' by LF, not because she is such a different person, but because events unfold differently in order to compress the timeline.  She was awfully trusting of LF in the first book/season, and would have no way of knowing the extent of LF's betrayal, so none of this seems far fectched or off-kilter.- IIRC, Cat didn't want Ned to go down to KL until she got the letter from her sister.  I don't recal how this played out in the series but it never seemed like much of a contradiction.She seems to have the same overall personality and motives despite some of her choices being different.It seems like so many fans get angry with her because of her relationships to more popular characters like Tyrion, Robb, or JS.  Do you think the TV writers are too easy on her, and should be making her less sympathetic?
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 09 April 2013 - 01:39 PM.
1629	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-09	TV-Cat makes reference to Jon's "brown stranger's eyes" - I found it very odd, since TV-Cat had at least one child of her own with brown eyes, Bran.  And doesn't TV-Lysa have brown eyes?  Brown eyes aren't as unusual in the TV Starks as they are in the book-Starks.  Bit of sloppy writing, methinks.
1630	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	Letting Jaime go in the books wasn't any smarter, though. It might be more understandable after the loss of her sons, but objectively, it's just as crappy of an idea.As for the rest of it, I suppose if you take the POV of a Robb partisan, and care only about whether the Starks won or lost as if it was the RL, then it makes sense.  I think personally she's valuable in representing one type of casualty of the war.In terms of creating a Rift, Robb also did a pretty good job of that himself by breaking his oath to the Freys.  These aren't perfect people.I'm not sure why any of that really matters.  Show Catelyn is not a physically powerful person.  She's a bit older than book Catelyn, and doesn't appear to be capable of offering any credible physical resistance.  I don't see her willingness to pick up a sword and fight as being a key component of her character given that everyone understood she was not a combatant.  She had "women's courage", not battle courage.  Had Ms. Fairley started swinging a blade or something, I think it would have been more humorous than impressive.Well she did still put herself between her son and his attacker. She will get physical when her children are on the line. (Show or Book)
1631	pandagod	2013-04-09	It was kind of a change from catelyn in the books, but i think it kind of reveals another side of her, in the books she barely mentions Jon Snow. Catelyn and Jon Snow relationship is something that should have some kind of meaning in the whole plot.
On the other hand is insteresting that the show hopefully give us something else besides what we already read . Not just a visual transaltion from the books , since wow will be out in like ages and we need new content or at least more info for random theories /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1632	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	TV-Cat makes reference to Jon's "brown stranger's eyes" - I found it very odd, since TV-Cat had at least one child of her own with brown eyes, Bran.  And doesn't TV-Lysa have brown eyes?  Brown eyes aren't as unusual in the TV Starks as they are in the book-Starks.  Bit of sloppy writing, methinks.Bran hadn't been born yet.  A google image search reveals that TV Lysa's eyes are kinda greenish, about the same as Cat's.http://images4.fanpo...6-1753-1068.jpg
1633	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	This all seems pretty minor to me.  I never would have expected a middle aged highborn woman to fight off clansmen when she has fully armed escorts to do it for her.  She seems to have the same basic personality and motives despite some of her choices being different.That's really the core of it for me.  Sure, you can point to things in the show and say "she didn't do that in the books", or "that's different from the books".  But the real question that matters if you're doing an adaptation is whether she ends up with the same basic personality and motives, because whether or not she picked up a sword to fight armed bandits seems like just nitpicking.In both book and show, she's a loving, traditionalist wife, absolutely devoted to her husband and chidren.  She wants peace.  She's got generally good political sense (trips to try to broker peace with Renly/Stannis), but her emotions and family concerns lead her to make occasional poor judgments.  She harbors a great deal of resentment against her husband's bastard child, though she generally avoids being abusive and sometimes feels guilt over how she has acted.  As her circumstances place her chidren at greater and greater risk, her emotions become more volatile, and her judgement suffers.I see that as the core of her character, and I think the show has respected that even if some of the details are different.  They've made some choices for the sake of drama, with some working better than others.  But I don't see any of that as cause for the "Catelyn's character has been assassinated" theme.
1634	David Selig	2013-04-09	Letting Jaime go in the books wasn't any smarter, though. It might be more understandable after the loss of her sons, but objectively, it's just as crappy of an idea.As for the rest of it, I suppose if you take the POV of a Robb partisan, and care only about whether the Starks won or lost as if it was the RL, then it makes sense.  I think personally she's valuable in representing one type of casualty of the war.In terms of creating a Rift, Robb also did a pretty good job of that himself by breaking his oath to the Freys.  These aren't perfect people.I'm not sure why any of that really matters.  Show Catelyn is not a physically powerful person.  She's a bit older than book Catelyn, and doesn't appear to be capable of offering any credible physical resistance.  I don't see her willingness to pick up a sword and fight as being a key component of her character given that everyone understood she was not a combatant.  She had "women's courage", not battle courage.  Had Ms. Fairley started swinging a blade or something, I think it would have been more humorous than impressive. It matters because it shows her as too passive character, especially when you add all the other changes. I am not saying she should've been mowing people down with a battle axe (though if Tyrion the dwarf can do it, why not her) - just show the scenes the way they were in the books or in a similar plausible way. Slitting the throat of a clansmen from behind doesn't require special training and all that physical power. And it would be nice to show her fighting for something else except defending her kids, since her one dimensional mama bear personality is a problem in the show since they cut many of her other traits.IIRC, Cat didn't want Ned to go down to KL until she got the letter from her sister.Nope, she wanted it before that, the letter only made her more certain it was necessary.
1635	freetickles	2013-04-09	You're wrong. Cat tells Talisa that "only a mother can make one for her children", and she made one for Jon. Therefore she identifies as Jon's stepmother.But she also says he's motherless. Making one was part of her brief attempt to be his mother, which she quickly abandoned.
1636	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	That's really the core of it for me.  Sure, you can point to things in the show and say "she didn't do that in the books", or "that's different from the books".  But the real question that matters if you're doing an adaptation is whether she ends up with the same basic personality and motives, because whether or not she picked up a sword to fight armed bandits seems like just nitpicking.In both book and show, she's a loving, traditionalist wife, absolutely devoted to her husband and chidren.  She wants peace.  She's got generally good political sense (trips to try to broker peace with Renly/Stannis), but her emotions and family concerns lead her to make occasional poor judgments.  She harbors a great deal of resentment against her husband's bastard child, though she generally avoids being abusive and sometimes feels guilt over how she has acted.  As her circumstances place her chidren at greater and greater risk, her emotions become more volatile, and her judgement suffers.I see that as the core of her character, and I think the show has respected that even if some of the details are different.  They've made some choices for the sake of drama, with some working better than others.  But I don't see any of that as cause for the "Catelyn's character has been assassinated" theme.Yes on all counts.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1637	Reeahlia Sand	2013-04-09	I didn't like this scene at all. That's all I have to say.
1638	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	It matters because it shows her as too passive character, especially when you add all the other changes.But too passive compared to what?  She wasn't all that active in the books.  She was active in the Tyrion kidnapping, and in pushing for and representing Robb at the Stannis/Renly negotiations.I am not saying she should've been mowing people down with a battle axe (though if Tyrion the dwarf can do it, why not her) - just show the scenes the way they were in the books or in a similar plausible way. Slitting the throat of a clansmen from behind doesn't require special training and all that physical power.Actually, I'd say that to do that convincingly on screeen is harder than you think when bodies are moving around the way they do in a fight.  But look, really, the issue is that you have a problem with variance from the books.  If the book had her slitting a throat in a fight, the show should, because otherwise, you're omitting the "trait" of her being willing to draw a blade in a batterl.  That's a perfectly valid POV to have, but it isn't mine.  I'm happy to accept variations from some of that -- I'd have been okay with Tyrion not being a battle-axing fiend, since I don't think it's all that credible or essential to his character.  That's actually a pretty good example right there.  You could easily argue that Tyrion doing that is important to him getting respect, and is consistent with the books.  I personally don't see it that way.  I think a sort of general recognition that he's physically not able to fight well, but it willing to go out there anyway as a target, is fine.  I don't think it affects his character at all, even though it is a variance from the books.And it would be nice to show her fighting for something else except defending her kids, since her one dimensional mama bear personality is a problem in the show since they cut many of her other traits.I'm not sure what other major traits they cut -- they did have her play critical diplomatic roles at the Twins, and with Renly/Stannis.  And her personality was essentially mama bear, wasn't it?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 02:22 PM.
1639	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	And her personality was essentially mama bear, wasn't it?This may be where we disagree. As I see it, Catelyn was much more things that a mother. And in my view, the changes that has suffered show Catelyn are (1) stripping her of her other facets and (2) make her more a passive than an active character.I acknowledge that characters will always lose complexity in the translation to the screen, but I really feel that Catelyn is among the ones that have lost the most in the process.
1640	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	This may be where we disagree. As I see it, Catelyn was much more things that a mother.Such as...?I mean, I agree with you that she wasn't just a mother (though I think that is a bigger thing than is being suggested), but I thought that they did include those other traits as well, so I kind of wonder which ones people think are missing.They included her pivotal role in negotiating the transit of the Twins, they included her active role in kidnapping Tyrion, and they included the whole Stannis/Renly diplomatic effort.   I just don't see what major thing the really missed.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 02:52 PM.
1641	Ran	2013-04-09	Her ambition for her family. That's pretty major. They turn her from the woman willing and wanting to see her husband and children have a better and more successful place in the world, to the stay-at-home mom who just wants everyone at Winterfell, and damn the rest of the realm. They turn her from the woman for whom the words "Family, Duty, and Honor" are pretty central to her conception of self... and then they give her a speech damning Ned and, basically, all men for using concepts like duty and honor as excuses to do what they want.
Now she's about family over all other things, and duty and honor can largely go hang.
I'm kind of surprised you consider these minor facets of the character.
1642	CestWhat	2013-04-09	This story, while completely made up... It's all made-up, right? It's a fictional TV series based on a fictional book series.
1643	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	Her ambition for her family. That's pretty major. They turn her from the woman willing and wanting to see her husband and children have a better and more successful place in the world, to the stay-at-home mom who just wants everyone at Winterfell, and damn the rest of the realm.I'd agree that was a change (and why they did it I have no idea).But given events, that change became irrelevant pretty quickly.  Once Bran fell, which was extremely early in the story (obviously), that ambition pretty much went out the window.  All she wanted at that point was justice for her son, and safety for the rest of her family.  So yes, it was a change, but it only really impacted her character very early on.  Ambition is no longer a part of her character once Bran fell, and that's the Catelyn we see for the vast majority of the story.  I'd prefer it differently, but I don't see it as a major issue for that reason.Now she's about family over all other things, and duty and honor can largely go hang. I'm kind of surprised you consider these minor facets of the character.Again, other than the pre-fall ambitions, I'm not sure what you're referring to.  As I recall, honor still mattered to her in the show (as well as family) when Lysa tried to have Tyrion killed.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 03:26 PM.
1644	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	Yeah, we get that she shouldn't have freed Jaime, but I don't see at all how she's 'abandoning' 'honor.'  Some of these accusations are a little silly. 
If anything she's upset with Robb for abandoning HIS honor breaking his pact with the Freys.  It's Cat who correctly warns Robb that his men will no longer respect him if he can't keep his vows.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 09 April 2013 - 03:33 PM.
1645	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	Well, the difficulty is that there was a lot of debate about the character of the characters -- so to speak -- based on the books alone.  People have argued fairly strenuously as to interpretation, the significance (or lack thereof) of specific scenes, etc..  Was Catelyn a horrible person because of what she said to Jon, or should we just take that as a one-off due to grief?  What can we infer from Robb's question to Jon when Jon emerges from Bran's bedside and Cat?  So given that the interpretations of the book characters are different, it makes sense that there is going to be disagreement as to the significance of those times when the show varies from the books.
There's no question that Catelyn urging Ned to accept the position of hand was changed from book to screen.  How much that actually bugs you moving forward is pretty subjective, though.
1646	Ran	2013-04-09	or should we just take that as a one-off due to grief?Why is there a question? Martin has said it's a one-off. Never happened before, never happens after. Robb knew the mother his state was in and knew she might say anything.That just seems pretty logical.
1647	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	Why is there a question? Martin has said it's a one-off. Never happened before, never happens after. Robb knew the mother his state was in and knew she might say anything.Yeah, that first part was a bad example because of Martin's comments on that.  On the other hand, I don't think Jon's apprehensions on being with Catelyn, and Robb's question, were things that would have existed had every known that Catelyn wasn't exactly fond of Jon.  And though her telling that to Jon was certainly a unique event, her having fairly negative thoughts about Jon but not expressing them openly seems a reasonable assumption.  At least to me.I'm still not sure how I feel about them omitting the "it should have been you" line.  Knowing the board reaction to that line in the book makes me think it might have made Cat much more of a villain in viewers eyes than would be appropriate.
1648	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	Cats look of death in that scene spoke volumes though.  She didn't need to say it.
1649	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	I think that the producers comments in the "inside the episode" feature from HBO's website are very illustrative of the problem. Benioff says:I think that there's a lot of self-blame, I mean that Cat really feels responsible for some of what happened. You hear that guilt coming out when she's talking to Talisa about the night she stayed awake with Jon Snow. The other fact is that a lot of people thinks she provoked the war between the Lannisters and the Starks by arresting Tyrion Lannister, and on a most basic and primal level she left home and she left her children Bran and Rickon, and now she knows she's never gonna see them again. So now I think she feels as if she's been an horrible mother.If feeling guilty for failing to love Jon wasn't enough, now she feels guilt for starting the war and abandoning her kids. It's, in my opinion, a terrible missunderstanding of Catelyn as a character. The final line, specially, comes to me as sexist and dumb.It's a pitty that the same writers that have been able to completely "get" many characters (Tyrion, Theon, Davos,...), have failed to get Catelyn. Or perhaps they are just not interested in her.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 09 April 2013 - 06:16 PM.
1650	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	Or maybe their interpretation of her character is just different from yours.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 09 April 2013 - 06:20 PM.
1651	Cinder Stark	2013-04-09	Jon is made a Stark, he then never goes to the Wall, he would either have gone to King's Landing with Ned and possibly saved him from his fate, or stayed in Winterfell with Bran and saved it from Theon...Jon going to the wall because he was a bastard had many consequencesAgreed!
1652	queenbeesteph	2013-04-09	You know, I started looking at this scene from another angle.  Yeah, there was much talk of Jon... but really this scene is about all of Cat's regrets and failures, in fact, everything she's done has led to the fall of House Stark. (Someone have her direct quote?)  She just summed it up by not keeping her word toward a helpless. motherless baby.  Her husband is dead, her father is dead, Robb didn't heed her warning about making enemies with the Freys, Robb has her imprisoned, Sansa is hostage, Arya is heaven-knows-where, she thinks Bran and Rickon are dead, Theon has betrayed them etc...  She seems like a sad, broken woman doing the only thing she has left - weaving a protection.  I think this scene a a HUGE set-up for what 
	Spoiler  Lady Stoneheart
 is going to come back and do!  Instead of the impotence she feels in this scene, 
	Spoiler  Lady Stoneheart
 is going to avenge everything.
					
					
							Edited by queenbeesteph, 09 April 2013 - 06:44 PM.
1653	jons nissa	2013-04-09	I think that the producers comments in the "inside the episode" feature from HBO's website are very illustrative of the problem. Benioff says:QuoteI think that there's a lot of self-blame, I mean that Cat really feels responsible for some of what happened. You hear that guilt coming out when she's talking to Talisa about the night she stayed awake with Jon Snow.The other fact is that a lot of people thinks she provoked the war between the Lannisters and the Starks by arresting Tyrion Lannister, and on a most basic and primal level she left home and she left her children Bran and Rickon, and now she knows she's never gonna see them again. So now I think she feels as if she's been an horrible mother.If feeling guilty for failing to love Jon wasn't enough, now she feels guilt for starting the war and abandoning her kids. It's, in my opinion, a terrible missunderstanding of Catelyn as a character. The final line, specially, comes to me as sexist and dumb.It's a pitty that the same writers that have been able to completely "get" many characters (Tyrion, Theon, Davos,...), have failed to get Catelyn. Or perhaps they are just not interested in her.and yet EVERY single thread about catelyn comes back to posters debating the things quoted above among others. we've all read the threads often enough: cat was mean to jon, cat started the war by arresting tyrion, cat abandoned her children and cat lets her emotions push her to make poor decisions. the same things repeated over and over.regardless of what side of the argument you fall, these thoughts do not go away from the many people who have read the books. you can say "but they're wrong. pity they don't get it" however when a large number - dare i say the majority of readers based on the numerous polls around the internet - get something from a book, it is based on something. regardless of what grrm says. i don't doubt grrm had a plan for catelyn that didn't include all the contempt the character has had to endure but many readers didn't get that message from the text. that cannot be denied. not fair to blame d&d for their decision to go in the direction they went in when you consider how people have reacted to book catelyn on the forums.
					
					
							Edited by jons nissa, 09 April 2013 - 08:32 PM.
1654	wandering	2013-04-09	Or maybe their interpretation of her character is just different from yours. +1000.
1655	David Selig	2013-04-09	I think that the producers comments in the "inside the episode" feature from HBO's website are very illustrative of the problem. Benioff says:If feeling guilty for failing to love Jon wasn't enough, now she feels guilt for starting the war and abandoning her kids. It's, in my opinion, a terrible missunderstanding of Catelyn as a character. The final line, specially, comes to me as sexist and dumb. They just keep digging themselves in a bigger hole any time they comment on Catelyn....
1656	queenbeesteph	2013-04-09	You know, I started looking at this scene from another angle.  Yeah, there was much talk of Jon... but really this scene is about all of Cat's regrets and failures, in fact, everything she's done has led to the fall of House Stark. (Someone have her direct quote?)  She just summed it up by not keeping her word toward a helpless. motherless baby.  Her husband is dead, her father is dead, Robb didn't heed her warning about making enemies with the Freys, Robb has her imprisoned, Sansa is hostage, Arya is heaven-knows-where, she thinks Bran and Rickon are dead, Theon has betrayed them etc...  She seems like a sad, broken woman doing the only thing she has left - weaving a protection.  I think this scene a a HUGE set-up for what 
	Spoiler  Lady Stoneheart
 is going to come back and do!  Instead of the impotence she feels in this scene, 
	Spoiler  Lady Stoneheart
 is going to avenge everything.  Can I quote myself? *laugh*  I still say that beyond the Jon thing -> I was a HUGE set up scene!
1657	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	I hope to the old gods and the new tha td&d don't look to these forums for direction in writing for cat or any other character!
1658	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-09	I didn't like this scene.
I thought the acting was good, but it felt sooo out of character. I have watched the episode three times now and each time that scene comes on I'm pulled out of the show because of it... I hope there won't be more of this
1659	Pamoya	2013-04-09	Book 3 spoilers:I liked the scene; I also think there is a very practical reason for it. The most extreme thing Catelyn says is that her promise to the Gods included asking Ned to make Jon a Stark. And in a few episodes, we will see Robb select an heir.* We know that D&D's most fervent wish for Season 3 is to have the TV version of the RW have the same impact as the book RW. But TV has different conventions, and is a lot more compact, so each detail has much more meaning. As soon as we have a scene out of the blue where Robb makes Jon his heir, TV viewers will know that he is not long for this world. That will significantly reduce the impact of the RW. So in this scene, the show has given Robb a reason to make Jon his heir. I wouldn't be surprised if the impetus comes from Catelyn, as an attempt to regain the Gods' favor. I agree with those who think the scene changes her character, and obviously, if Catelyn asks Robb to make Jon his heir, that will change her character even further. I don't, however, think the change is a big deal.* I am assuming that TV Robb will explicitly make Jon his heir, and that this decision has consequences for the resolution of the books so the show-runners wouldn't leave it out. Not a ridiculous assumption, but obviously if this is wrong my theory doesn't make much sense. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1660	Sandor the True Knight	2013-04-09	As a book reader, the scene at first made me cringe...but the more I think of it, the more I like it. It actually accomplished a ton of things:
1. Something I haven't seen mentioned yet, it simply reintroduces the notion that cat doesn't like Jon. Non-Book readers probably don't remember a few cold glances between cat and Jon way back in season 1. When Robb's will comes up, her objections are going to make more sense now for non-bookers.
2. Michelle Fairley, one of the better actresses on the show, gets to show off her acting chops a bit. After this season, she's not going to have much to do except for finger pointing and some raspy whispering...so they might as well get some good acting out of her before she's StoneHeart.
3. It demonstrates that at this point, cat is delusional (borderline going crazy) in her grief and guilt. I think that was the point of the illogical "all of this bad stuff is because of me not loving Jon" line. Also, doesn't this kind of set up when she goes batshit crazy at RW? I can't wait for her crazy laugh. 
So I've come to appreciate the scene, but I agree it's always strange to watch and digest something you're really not expecting to see.
1661	Sandor the True Knight	2013-04-09	I wouldn't be surprised if the impetus comes from Catelyn, as an attempt to regain the Gods' favor. This would make sense if she supports Jon as heir...we'll have to see what happens.
1662	teemo	2013-04-09	Cat should feel more guilt over what Robb's mucking up rather than not loving Jon Snow.
1663	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.
1664	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	The more I think about it, in light of what someone has said that TV Cat is falling apart, this scene makes much more sense to me and is quite realistic.  To an extent she is delusional blaming everything on herself, making everything about her.  I can see where D&D are going with that and I dont have that much of a problem with it as it is internally consistent with their vision and realistic .  I just wish there was more certainty of what she thinks ae B&R's death to drive her to this point.
1665	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.Yes I think it was more about her than about Jon, I think the references to Jon were secondary, though important in that scene.
1666	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-10	If feeling guilty for failing to love Jon wasn't enough, now she feels guilt for starting the war and abandoning her kids. It's, in my opinion, a terrible missunderstanding of Catelyn as a character. The final line, specially, comes to me as sexist and dumb.It's a pitty that the same writers that have been able to completely "get" many characters (Tyrion, Theon, Davos,...), have failed to get Catelyn. Or perhaps they are just not interested in her.They aren't saying that's what they think of Cat, they're trying to explain what they think Cat probably thinks at that moment, which I doubt ain't true.When you're grieving you make a retrospective of your live, and go back and back trying to remember what you did wrong and whether or not your actions caused the events you are now lamenting, even if they didn't. And that's what Cat is thinking: "I shouldn't have left my kids", "I should have let Tyrion go and not offend the Lannisters", "I should have asked Ned to stay" and such.When someone you love dies you blame yourself and feel guitly about the things you did wrong, the time you didn't expend together, the times you were rude, etc. Is normal to have this kind of illogical train of thinking after you have lost someone, and in Cat's mind, probably not having a straight answer about when everything went wrong, it's easier to say "I should have keep my promise". Silly, but understandable.I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.Thank God I'm not the only one getting it right. Jon has nothing to do with her grief, but breaking her promise to her gods.
1667	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Or perhaps they are just not interested in her.Bingo. They just like to pretend they are every time it becomes the time to hype up the show as really! into! female characters!! No really they are!!!
1668	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Resenting Jon Snow or feeling guilty about it aren't out of character, but they carelessly took both to the extreme. Instead of resenting Jon being raised in Winterfell, Catelyn now resents Jon for merely existing. Instead of being glad that he survived his bout of pox (maybe in character for book!Cat), she wants to be his mother and legitimize him.It's another example of the show's aversion to subtlety. But more importantly, it's out of context. Catelyn's unresolved anger has a lot to do with how in Westeros, NO WOMAN is expected to raise her husband's illegitimate child in her own home. Could you ever tell that from the show though? Nope. Not on the screen.That lack of expectation has a lot to do with how the only thing women get out of the marriage business in Westeros (one big glorified marketplace where the goods are women and female sexuality) is the security that their children, the product of their oh so valuable wombs, get their inheritance rights. In the books we see that Jon's presence in Winterfell makes it so Can't be secure about that. Could you ever tell that from the show though? Nope. Not on the screen.It has to do with how Ned has the power to throw his weight around and shut down the entire conversation about Jon for 15 years. Could you ever tell that from the show though? Nope. Not on the screen.All the show wants you to see is a jealous little wife, as that's the only information they present. They never once give any air time to the fact that Ned's cheating on Catelyn is a prime example of what men can get away with that women can't, the fact that a woman in this society has no option for divorce and is forced into major situations like raising the product of your husband's affair with no consent, they never show the little things that differentiated in the novels that what Cat wanted was for Jon to be raised elsewhere, not killed.(Actually the fact that Benioff and Weiss think that Cat really totally wanted Jon dead since infancy makes me want to laugh to keep from crying, but I digress.)Since it's inane to credit the show with things they don't actually demonstrate on screen, it's fair that some are concluding that the show thinks Catelyn has no right to feel angry. In the books, you can fairly say that the message is that Cat has a reason to feel angry, but isn't dealing with it in the best way.In the show? Nobody on screen establishes that she has a right to feel angry, and isn't just a petty insecure woman for it. Worst of all is that Catelyn herself doesn't feel like she has the right to feel angry.And this is the most important part of my objection: people like women once they can feel sorry for them, disproportionately more frequently than how often they need to feel sorry for male characters before embracing them. If a woman stands up for herself and says "No, beloved male character, I have been done wrong and I won't accept it", then she's branded arrogant and selfish (we will accept female characters who stand up to obviously hateable characters like Joffrey or Tywin, but men we adore like Robb or Ned? Yeah right).But if she is brought low and made to humble herself then we can proceed to like her. Do Walter White or Don Draper or Tony Soprano need to be humbled for their philandering and major criminal activities, thus neatly made more sympathetic? No, their very flaws are what supposedly makes great television. Meanwhile everybody hates Skyler White, Betty Draper, Carmela Soprano -- but in at least some of those cases the showrunners stand by those female characters, they don't capitulate to their haters.Cat's "sin" against Jon is exaggerated in order to justify an exaggerated display of remorse (and if it isn't intentional, then it's incredibly careless for a show that's supposed to be quality and high caliber). This is an age where the hottest shows feature so many male white collar criminals your head would spin. Their changes are far from inspired. Yes, Cat went back to disliking Jon, but only after she proved that she was willing to embrace Jon as her own child when in a completely sound state of mind.Catelyn should never have to be made to want to be mother to a child who is not her own just to be more likable. It's like if Benioff and Weiss took Tyrion's wedding scene and made Sansa kneel to him because, hey, isn't it nice to know she can be nice? Nothing lost in the change, right?This isn't the change that pisses me off the most, those tend to relate to Robb much more than Jon (plus the maudlin "motherless child!" line at least gave me something to laugh at). But I do hate it in context of the larger pattern. Benioff and Weiss dug themselves a hole in the first season and just kept digging, oblivious to the fact that Catelyn Stark is actually a deconstruction of an oppressive patriarchy's expectations of a "good woman", and not merely an oppressive patriarchy's "good woman" played straight, nevermind the details.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 04:38 AM.
1669	Hana Oklapi Salihagic	2013-04-10	I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.Exactly!
1670	David Selig	2013-04-10	*Snip*Excellent post, I agree with everything. Especially this part:And this is the most important part of my objection: people like women once they can feel sorry for them, disproportionately more frequently than how often they need to feel sorry for male characters before embracing them. If a woman stands up for herself and says "No, beloved male character, I have been done wrong and I won't accept it", then she's branded arrogant and selfish (we will accept female characters who stand up to obviously hateable characters like Joffrey or Tywin, but men we adore like Robb or Ned? Yeah right).But if she is brought low and made to humble herself then we can proceed to like her. Do Walter White or Don Draper or Tony Soprano need to be humbled for their philandering and major criminal activities, thus neatly made more sympathetic? No, their very flaws are what supposedly makes great television. Meanwhile everybody hates Skyler White, Betty Draper, Carmela Soprano -- but in at least some of those cases the showrunners stand by those female characters, they don't capitulate to their haters. This is why I found all those "They made Catelyn more sympathetic with this scene" reactions kind of disturbing. Apparently she's more sympathetic because she's humbling herself and blaming herself for everything. She's "put in her place" and people love it. They are thinking "If only she knew her place and had mothered the poor kid instead of standing up for herself".
1671	The hairy bear	2013-04-10	I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.Which you'll agree, is a divergence from the books. And that's what we're complaining. Xi4P said it better than I'll do, but the problem lies here: Catelyn does "questionable" things both in the books and in the show: (1) not being nice to Jon, (2) freeing Jaime.The difference lies in the fact that the book gives her strong justifications. (1)In the show we are not told that according to Westerosi tradition having Jon raised with her children was an insult, and are no explained how Jon being named Stark would hurt Bran and Rickon's inheritance rights. (2) We do not see Tyrion promising in front of a court to release Sansa and Arya in exchange for Jaime, and we do not have her release him the day she knows of her children's death.After taking away all those reasonable justifications, they replace them with much poorer ones, making her a weaker character in all aspects: (1) she's just jealous of her mother and (2) she's tricked by Littlefinger and Tyrion. And now we have an expiatory scene making her accept all the blame.We just say that her reasons for taking the decisions she made in the context of the show, and the reasons for feeling guilty, reduce A LOT the complexity and interest of the character.When you're grieving you make a retrospective of your live, and go back and back trying to remember what you did wrong and whether or not your actions caused the events you are now lamenting, even if they didn't. And that's what Cat is thinking: "I shouldn't have left my kids", "I should have let Tyrion go and not offend the Lannisters", "I should have asked Ned to stay" and such.Show-Cat asked Ned to stay.But you are right on the other two. I'm sure show-Cat thinks that regardless of the fact that Jon Arryn was murdered, they had already tried to kill Bran, and the three royal children were products of incest, she started the war by "offending the Lannisters". Likewise, she also thinks that she should have stayed at Winterfell with Bran and Rickon, in order to be able to die with them as any good mother would don.But those thoughts are stupid. Book Cat would have dissmissed them immediately on the account of being dumb. Saying them out loud to a stranger? Please... That's why I'm so critical of what they have done with Catelyn. They've turned one of the most intelligent characters of the series to a stupid woman.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 10 April 2013 - 05:25 AM.
1672	Cinder Stark	2013-04-10	The thing is she shouldn't as she has no obligation to mother him and she along with Ned knows that.As a human being she does, it's not cool to wallow in self pity and hurt a defenseless child. Jon didnt ask to be born, Cat should have placed blame on Ned/his mother and moved on. Cat's response to Jon was uncalled for and just wrong.
1673	David Selig	2013-04-10	As a human being she does How many orphans have you adopted?
1674	Hoo	2013-04-10	I don't think she feels guilt over not loving Jon Snow, she feels guilt for promising the gods she would love him and then breaking her promise - that's why she, a very religious person, believes these things are happening (as part of her grief process).  Not because she believes it was bad karma to not love Jon Snow.Maybe, but then the line should not have been: All because I could not love a motherless child.  It should have been something like:  All because I could not keep my prmise to gods.
1675	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	I have to say I really like xerox's and hungry hairs interpretations, put words on the feelings that I had but couldnt articulate, very well done
1676	Cinder Stark	2013-04-10	Robb does not have the authority, except as King, to legitimize Jon and make him Lord of Winterfell.  And he wasn't declared King until long after he'd left Winterfell.  Therefore, he couldn't have left Jon as Lord of Winterfell in his absence even if he'd wanted to.  And while I think he was fine with legitimizing Jon after he believed his brothers were dead, I can't seem him disinheriting Bran when Winterfell still stands securely.IF Ned legitimized Jon, by King Robert, then Jon would be in line after Robb. I don't see anything wrong with that, it's like adopting a child. Would you place a "natural" born child over a child who was adopted? Of all the Stark kids, Robb was the only one inheriting everything, title, lands etc. Sansa, Arya, Bran and Rickon could only hope for good marriages. Marriages that would bring, lands, money,  since they would be lords and ladies. Jon legitimated would take anything from them, it's all Robb's anyways, what another person in front really matter.
					
					
							Edited by Cinder Stark, 10 April 2013 - 08:36 AM.
1677	Lady Arya's Song	2013-04-10	Jon Snow Pov IIHe stood in the door afraid to speak, afraid to come in.  Martin has written this to imply a pattern in Jon's life in regard to Catelyn Stark.Part of him wanted only to flee. Something cold moved in her eyes.  " I told you to leave."  " We don't want you here".  ( who is the we? is she speaking for Bran Stark as well?)   This is symbolic of Jon's later dreams of the crypt where cold eyes stare at him and say  You do not belong here. Once that would have sent him running. Once that might have even made him cry.  ( pattern of earlier times with Catelyn Stark)I prayed for my special boy.  I prayed for it. she said dully.  " He was my special boy".  I went to the sept and prayed seven times to seven faces of gods that Ned would change his mind adn leave him here with me.  Sometimes prayers are answered.  (Catelyn praying to god and in her mind the gods answered her with Bran's fall and being close to death.  This I think is where the TV producers took the idea that Catelyn Stark believes the gods are punishing her but they twisted it to refer to Jon Snow.  The book certainly has not yet done this in AGOTJon tries to comfort her.  " It wasn't your fault," he mangaged after an awkward silence.  ( The irony of Jon Snow trying to give comfort to a woman who has hated him and made him feel unwanted his entire life)Her eyes found him. They were full of poison.  "I need none of your absolution, bastard.  "Further down in the chapter Martin tells us that Never one time has Catelyn Tully Stark ever called Jon by his name.  Just this once..she says Jon  so that he turns around so she can deliver the stinging words.." It should have been you."  That is not only a stabbing in the heart but a twisting the blade.  She deliberatley used his name for the first time in his life so that she could utter  " It should have been you". The TV show upset me, but sometimes I think the people who have read the book upset me more..lol   Go read that POV once again..underline the adjectives and think about the history Martin is giving us subtly in how Catelyn has treated Jon through the years..This was not a distant neglect from this woman..it was nasty and sometimes in Jon's face.  Never using his name once???  So are we to imply she called him bastard daily? or Snow ?  Martin does not tell us..he only gives the character Catelyn the line....bastard.Catelyn Stark is a character that I admire for many reason, her love for her children.  However I am not giving her a pass on this entire scene.   I do like the idea that the TV writers are trying to make her more sympathetic and trying to show that she has struggled with guilt over her treatment and feelings towards Jon Snow and perhaps Rob making Jon his heir. Martin's work is subjective in the sense that when we read his words..we each have emotional responses to the characters and stories.  I am an older woman with a strong traditional religious faith.   I am sure this colors my feelings regarding characters but I do try to actually go back and read each word written by Martin to objectively try to understand the character.
1678	Cinder Stark	2013-04-10	What makes you think Jon Snow (who's pretty much an idiot on the show and would be green as grass without his experience at the Wall) would do better than Ser Rodrik, an experienced knight and master-at-arms?Jon's wall experience proved given a chance, Jon can make something of himself. He's a good leader, if he stayed at Winterfell with Bran/Rivkon, I think he would have proven he was a capable lord.
1679	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Incidentally Martin does clarify how Catelyn behaved around Jon for most of those 15 years:Thus, the question I have is if Catelyn went out of her way to mistreat Jon in the past -- and which form this might have taken -- or if she rather tried to avoid and ignore him?"Mistreatment" is a loaded word. Did Catelyn beat Jon bloody? No. Did she distance herself from him? Yes. Did she verbally abuse and attack him? No. (The instance in Bran's bedroom was obviously a very special case). But I am sure she was very protective of the rights of her own children, and in that sense always drew the line sharply between bastard and trueborn where issues like seating on the high table for the king's visit were at issue.And Jon surely knew that she would have preferred to have him elsewhere.
1680	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Jon Snow Pov IIHe stood in the door afraid to speak, afraid to come in.  Martin has written this to imply a pattern in Jon's life in regard to Catelyn Stark.Part of him wanted only to flee.Something cold moved in her eyes.  " I told you to leave."  " We don't want you here".  ( who is the we? is she speaking for Bran Stark as well?)   This is symbolic of Jon's later dreams of the crypt where cold eyes stare at him and say  You do not belong here.Once that would have sent him running. Once that might have even made him cry.  ( pattern of earlier times with Catelyn Stark)I prayed for my special boy.  I prayed for it. she said dully.  " He was my special boy".  I went to the sept and prayed seven times to seven faces of gods that Ned would change his mind adn leave him here with me.  Sometimes prayers are answered.  (Catelyn praying to god and in her mind the gods answered her with Bran's fall and being close to death.  This I think is where the TV producers took the idea that Catelyn Stark believes the gods are punishing her but they twisted it to refer to Jon Snow.  The book certainly has not yet done this in AGOTJon tries to comfort her.  " It wasn't your fault," he mangaged after an awkward silence.  ( The irony of Jon Snow trying to give comfort to a woman who has hated him and made him feel unwanted his entire life)Her eyes found him. They were full of poison.  "I need none of your absolution, bastard.  "Further down in the chapter Martin tells us that Never one time has Catelyn Tully Stark ever called Jon by his name.  Just this once..she says Jon  so that he turns around so she can deliver the stinging words.." It should have been you."  That is not only a stabbing in the heart but a twisting the blade.  She deliberatley used his name for the first time in his life so that she could utter  " It should have been you".The TV show upset me, but sometimes I think the people who have read the book upset me more..lol   Go read that POV once again..underline the adjectives and think about the history Martin is giving us subtly in how Catelyn has treated Jon through the years..This was not a distant neglect from this woman..it was nasty and sometimes in Jon's face.  Never using his name once???  So are we to imply she called him bastard daily? or Snow ?  Martin does not tell us..he only gives the character Catelyn the line....bastard.Catelyn Stark is a character that I admire for many reason, her love for her children.  However I am not giving her a pass on this entire scene.   I do like the idea that the TV writers are trying to make her more sympathetic and trying to show that she has struggled with guilt over her treatment and feelings towards Jon Snow and perhaps Rob making Jon his heir.Martin's work is subjective in the sense that when we read his words..we each have emotional responses to the characters and stories.  I am an older woman with a strong traditional religious faith.   I am sure this colors my feelings regarding characters but I do try to actually go back and read each word written by Martin to objectively try to understand the character.Great post all around.The idea that she was really just sort of neutral towards him crashes completely on the fact that she had never called him by his name his entire life.  I mean, that's quite a concept to get your head around.  And the emphasis on her prayers to the Seven, then the "it should have been you", makes her having prayed for his death at some point in the past seem like barely a stretch at all.And I also think your point about being a parent is important.  My view of other people's kids, annoying babies crying, etc., all changed once I had kids of my own.  Being a parent somehow brings you closer to all children, not just your own.  Catelyn, I think, was torn between who she is as a mother/person, and her resentment of Jon.  It's why she later felt guilt even in the books for the way she treated him.  And I think the scene on TV makes perfect sense, completely consistent with how you'd expect a normally very caring and devoted mother to feel about the way she treated another child.Incidentally Martin does clarify how Catelyn behaved around Jon for most of those 15 years:Right.  She didn't make a habit of telling Jon she wished he was dead, and she didn't do whatever GRRM meant by "abuse".  Whether he's talking physical abuse or whatever, we don't know.  At the same time, she never called him by his name once his entire life, except the time she told him she wishes it had been him.  I suppose "Snow" probably makes the most sense.  I don't care what label you put on that, but that is some pretty nasty shit.  I've got stepkids, and deliberately never calling one of them by their actual name would be a pretty nasty piece of business.I do think Martin was a bit surprised by the negative reaction to Catelyn, and has made an effort to soften that reaction among fandom to avoid painting a picture of her he didn't intend.  And honestly, I think what the writers did with Catelyn's speech, pointing out that she wasn't good to him but also that she is a good person who regrets it, seems consistent with that to me.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 12:13 PM.
1681	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	How many orphans have you adopted?How many children do you have?I've got adopted neices and nephews that I take care to treat no different from the others.  I've got stepkids for whom I do the same.  We've taken in another child who was getting abused at home and really had nowhere else to go.  And I'm not patting myself on the back -- I think that most parents I know would try to do the same.  I've been around lots and lots of parents, seen their interactions with small children not their own, and it's overwhelmingly an attitude of kindness and consideration.  Shit, many animals have a biological urge to take care of and raise babies of different species.  Mother cats letting motherless puppies suckle, the whole thing.  There are pretty much limitless cross-species mothering videos out there.The idea that a human mother feels nothing for any child not his or her own, particularly one with no mother or father, makes me believe we must be talking about a different species or something, because the human beings I know aren't like that.ETA:  To put it differently, I think Catelyn's speech is certainly not so far outside the range of normal human behavior as to be not credible.This is why I found all those "They made Catelyn more sympathetic with this scene" reactions kind of disturbing. Apparently she's more sympathetic because she's humbling herself and blaming herself for everything. She's "put in her place" and people love it. They are thinking "If only she knew her place and had mothered the poor kid instead of standing up for herself".Standing up for herself against whom?  It wasn't Jon who wronged her.  He was a freaking baby.  The person who wronged her was Ned, and if she'd "stood up for herself" against him, that would be a completely different story.  What she did was essentially treat a blameless kid like shit because she was pissed at her husband.  While that may be an understandable reaction on a human level, it's certainly not a justified reaction of which.Frankly, I think part of the problem is that Martin overplayed that in the books.  Taking her anger out on Jon when Ned brought him home is understandable.  Keeping that same level of resentment against him throughout being a baby, toddler, small child, etc. right up to 15 years old, takes a particularly nasty person.  And I don't think that's what he intended.  I liked Catelyn overall, and definitely considered her one of the good guys.  But her treatment of Jon was just dead wrong, IMHO.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 12:44 PM.
1682	aedalia	2013-04-10	I think it was a great scene. It showed how selfish Cat is. She didn't ask the gods to save child Jon because he deserved to be saved because he was an innocent child; she asked them to save Jon because she didn't want to feel bad about it. I know a lot of people like her, and that's hard to hear, but I think this scene sums up who she was with Jon in a nutshell.
I also think it's interesting that she asked the 7 gods to save him, and since she broke her promise, all of her family that has gone south into the land of the 7 have been punished and have suffered in one way or another.
1683	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	I think it was a great scene. It showed how selfish Cat is. She didn't ask the gods to save child Jon because he deserved to be saved because he was an innocent child; she asked them to save Jon because she didn't want to feel bad about it.Why would she feel badly about it if she didn't think it was wrong?
1684	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	The idea that she was really just sort of neutral towards him crashes completely on the fact that she had never called him by his name his entire life.  I mean, that's quite a concept to get your head around.  And the emphasis on her prayers to the Seven, then the "it should have been you", makes her having prayed for his death at some point in the past seem like barely a stretch at all.She does not feel neutrally about Jon Snow, but her behavior minimizes the expressions of her negative opinion. She feels resentment, but she does not act on that resentment most of the time. That's not that hard to get your head around.Right.  She didn't make a habit of telling Jon she wished he was dead, and she didn't do whatever GRRM meant by "abuse".  Whether he's talking physical abuse or whatever, we don't know.  At the same time, she never called him by his name once his entire life, except the time she told him she wishes it had been him.  I suppose "Snow" probably makes the most sense.  I don't care what label you put on that, but that is some pretty nasty shit.  I've got stepkids, and deliberately never calling one of them by their actual name would be a pretty nasty piece of business.Catelyn is not the equivalent of a modern stepparent. There is literally no expectation that she should have any contact with Jon Snow whatsoever.I do think Martin was a bit surprised by the negative reaction to Catelyn, and has made an effort to soften that reaction among fandom to avoid painting a picture of her he didn't intend.  And honestly, I think what the writers did with Catelyn's speech, pointing out that she wasn't good to him but also that she is a good person who regrets it, seems consistent with that to me.Most people who hate the scene don't think that she was good to him nor that she didn't feel regret, that's all in the books. The point is the extremeties they took it to.We've taken in another child who was getting abused at home and really had nowhere else to go.By choice, something you consented to do, not something that was forced on you without your consent. Nor are these children in a position to threaten your children's aristocratic inheritances, nor are you a woman in a patriarchal society whose body has been used to harvest heirs. Catelyn isn't just cheated on, she is disrespected without explanation and forbidden to even talk about it for 15 years. That resentment is never allowed to be addressed productively, so it does what human resentment often does, it festers.I don't believe your stepchildren were products of your spouse's infidelity, were they? That's the sort of thing that is a personal choice to accept or not. But in Cat's society she is not given a choice.Standing up for herself against whom?  It wasn't Jon who wronged her.  He was a freaking baby.  The person who wronged her was Ned, and if she'd "stood up for herself" against him, that would be a completely different story.  What she did was essentially treat a blameless kid like shit because she was pissed at her husband.  While that may be an understandable reaction on a human level, it's certainly not a justified reaction.Frankly, I think part of the problem is that Martin overplayed that in the books.  Taking her anger out on Jon when Ned brought him home is understandable.  Keeping that same level of resentment against him throughout being a baby, toddler, small child, etc. right up to 15 years old, takes a particularly nasty person.  And I don't think that's what he intended.It's not what he intended because for the most part Catelyn did not take her resentment out on Jon. She avoided him. That's just not the same as intentional nastiness, to conclude that it is basically forces her to consent to Ned bringing Jon Snow home against her own will. She cannot get a divorce like she would be able to now. So she keeps distant from Jon. There are unfortunate consequences, but those are Ned's responsibility to curtail since he is the one who created the mess in the first place.Incidentally in the books Catelyn is allowed to tell Ned that she refuses to raise Jon as her own, and we also know that she begged Ned to send Jon away (not kill him). In the show you would have no clue that Catelyn sees this issue as a matter of her rights as a wife and lady of a major house.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 12:59 PM.
1685	aedalia	2013-04-10	Why would she feel badly about it if she didn't think it was wrong?She's not a monster. I think if Jon had died as a baby and that she believed it was her fault, she'd feel bad. Basically, had he died, from her perspective, she killed him, so since killing children is wrong, she'd feel bad.My perspective is she wished him to live just wanted to avoid feeling bad. She didn't want him to live just beacuse he was a kid and shouldn't die- her baggage came along with it.
1686	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	This is why I found all those "They made Catelyn more sympathetic with this scene" reactions kind of disturbing. Apparently she's more sympathetic because she's humbling herself and blaming herself for everything. She's "put in her place" and people love it. They are thinking "If only she knew her place and had mothered the poor kid instead of standing up for herself".This piece puts it better than I did (although I don't think it's complete character assassination, but the gist stands):But this history was clearly added as a way to put Catelyn in her place. ... The writers of the show have transformed Catelyn<U+0080><U+0099>s dislike for Jon Snow, and her one-time grief-fueled declaration that he should have fallen instead of Bran, into a passionate, almost murderous kind of hatred. For if she does not love Jon Snow enough, she must be that terrible. It is an either-or proposition.And in order to make up for her horrific behavior, she must swing far in the other direction, and treat him exactly the same as her own children, including giving him the name <U+0080><U+009C>Stark.<U+0080><U+009D> And we get the sense that this would be the normal thing to do, that this would be the thing any caring person would do, rather than an extreme. This is proper behavior, how she should have acted from the beginning, despite the fact that she isn<U+0080><U+0099>t his mother, has no obligation to be his mother, and that giving him the name <U+0080><U+009C>Stark<U+0080><U+009D> breaks all expectations in Westeros and could potentially threaten her own children<U+0080><U+0099>s inheritance. But motherhood, to the writers, seems like a binary system. Either she<U+0080><U+0099>s perfectly selfless and loving to all children, no matter who they are, or she is a horrid woman who deserves misery. No other options exists.... And then Catelyn, intelligent, compassionate Catelyn, takes entire responsibility for all the horrors that have come to her family <U+0080><U+0094> Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading, Sansa<U+0080><U+0099>s imprisonment, Bran and Rickon<U+0080><U+0099>s deaths. All because she did not love Jon Snow. And no one corrects her. She makes that declaration, and the scene ends, because although assumedly the viewers aren<U+0080><U+0099>t meant to agree that this is all her fault, we are meant to find her grief and regret reasonable. We<U+0080><U+0099>re meant to agree that she is not a good person, and consider her regret and self-loathing as a kind of redemption. If she sees how awful she<U+0080><U+0099>s been, and despises herself for it, then perhaps she can be an acceptable character. Otherwise, she deserves all the hate she receives.It is complete character assassination, disguised in an attempt to redeem her. And that<U+0080><U+0099>s not the kind of <U+0080><U+009C>development<U+0080><U+009D> of female characters we need to see.The part I bolded seems to echo a lot of viewers' own opinions, which I find worrisome in this day and age. Natalie Dormer had a great quote recently about how men continue to see women in drama as either-or propositions. By playing to extremes Benioff and Weiss betray their own agreement with that mentality.
1687	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	She does not feel neutrally about Jon Snow, but her behavior minimizes the expressions of her negative opinion. She feels resentment, but she does not act on that resentment most of the time. That's not that hard to get your head around.We apparently have different standards as how adults should treat children in their care.  I think deliberately never calling a child by its name (most likely "Snow"), and treating him in a manner that makes him terrified to be in a room with her, is not "minimized" to the point I believe is moral, justified, or unworthy of criticism.Catelyn is not the equivalent of a modern stepparent. There is literally no expectation that she should have any contact with Jon Snow whatsoever.She's a human being, right?  A bitch isn't a modern stepparent either, but she'll raise a motherless kitten as one of her own anyway.  And there are plenty of examples among humans other than modern stepparents caring for children not their own simply because that's the human thing to do.  Again, Cat felt guilt about the way she treated Jon.  That's right in the text.  Why did she feel that guilt if she didn't think her behavior was wrong.  Ok, I know, because of the oppressive patriarchy....By choice, something you consented to do, not something that was forced on you without your consent.That's circular.  I consented to do it because taking care of a child who has nobody else is the human thing to do.  In this case, the fault was Ned's, not the babies.  I think it is amusing that you try to justify what is clearly misplaced anger.Nor are these children in a position to threaten your children's aristocratic inheritances, nor are you a woman in a patriarchal society....I knew it.Catelyn isn't just cheated on, she is disrespected without explanation and forbidden to even talk about it for 15 years. That resentment is never allowed to be addressed productively, so it does what human resentment often does, it festers.And she took it out on an innocent baby/child, which is morally wrong.I don't believe your stepchildren were products of your spouse's infidelity, were they? That's the sort of thing that is a personal choice to accept or not. But in Cat's society she is not given a choice.Doesn't matter.It's not what he intended because for the most part Catelyn did not take her resentment out on Jon. She avoided him. That's just not the same as intentional nastiness, to conclude that it is basically forces her to consent to Ned bringing Jon Snow home against her own will. She cannot get a divorce like she would be able to now. So she keeps distant from Jon. There are unfortunate consequences, but those are Ned's responsibility to curtail since he is the one who created the mess in the first place.He eats at the table with the rest of the family, and is generally included in all those family events.  At every single one of those many events over all those years, Catelyn would call all the children by their name.  Very likely calling the servants, and the children of servants by their names.  But she never once, in all those days, calls him by his.  Again, you and I obviously have different standards for the treatment of babies, small children, etc.., and different beliefs as to how such conduct would make that child feel.But I get it.  She's a female, so any criticism is wrong, and simply a product of the oppressive patriarchy.  You're not making criticisms of the story as a story -- whether it makes sense on it's own terms.  You're judging it on the basis of whether or not it is consistent with your feminist ideology.  That's fine to do as an academic exercise, but since Catelyn Stark wasn't a modern feminist, I fail to see the point.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
1688	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Shame on me for thinking that feminism is a fundamental aspect of human rights? Is that your point? Who cares if women are subjected to sexist standards, nobody should care?She's a female, so any criticism is wrong, and simply a product of the oppressive patriarchy.Jesus, hyperbole much?Does it feel good to gloss over what other people actually say to grandstand around? When others have a conviction that you don't it's an agenda or a mere exercise, but when you have a conviction it's basic goodness and common sense?Catelyn Stark is not a modern feminist. Neither is Emma Bovary, Hedda Gabler, Clarissa Dalloway, on and on, but that doesn't mean that their authors aren't writing from a feminist standpoint. Martin is a modern writer writing for a modern audience, and he has explicitly acknowledged the role of gender in his patriarchal setting numerous times. To treat ideology as entirely mutually exclusive from "story" accomplishes what, exactly?
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 01:37 PM.
1689	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Shame on me for thinking that feminism is a fundamental aspect of human rights?I wasn't aware that human rights and demonstrating gender equality was one of the goals of the book. I mean, I suppose you could write a great feminist critique on the Dothraki too, but it would seem equally beside the point of the story.Does it feel good to gloss over what other people actually say to grandstand around? When others have a conviction it's an agenda but when you have a conviction it's just basic goodness and common sense?I'm just calling it as I see it.  Do you think the way Catelyn treated Jon was justified, and the morally right thing to do, about which she should feel no regret or guilt?  Is that really your opinion?Catelyn didn't even see it that way in the text -- she felt guilt about Jon.  Yet somehow, saying that she did something wrong is all due to the oppressive patriarchy, or some such.Catelyn Stark is not a modern feminist. Neither is Emma Bovary, Hedda Gabler, Clarissa Dalloway, on and on, but that doesn't mean that their authors aren't writing from a feminist standpoint. Martin is a modern writer writing for a modern audience, and he has explicitly acknowledged the role of gender in his patriarchal setting numerous times. To treat ideology as entirely mutually exclusive from "story" accomplishes what, exactly?A more entertaining story not forced to portray a society where the characters all act in accordance with a particular 21st century morality.The truly revealing thing about this discussion is that you're focusing on feelings relating to parenthood -- motherhood in Catelyn's case -- as somehow not reflecting appropriate principles of gender equity, as if the very concept of a parent -- male or female -- having a moral obligation to treat a baby or small child decently offends 21st century sensibilities.I'm not judging Catelyn based on some gender-construct of what I think "mothers' should be, or should do.  Another poster did a fine job of that above.  I'm going off my own feelings and emotions as a male parent, a father, and the proper treatment of young ones not your own.  And not just my own feelings, but how I've seen other parents of both genders behave, and plenty of examples throughout human history of adults showing kindness to children not their own just because it is the right thing to do.The idea that  a woman to show some basic human decency to a motherless child shouldn't be offensive from any reasonable ideological perspecitve.  I don't excuse her any more than I excuse Randyll Tarly for treating Sam like shit, even though he was certainly within his rights to do so given Sam's inability to meet expectations of their culture.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 01:55 PM.
1690	oakenhelm	2013-04-10	This piece puts it better than I did (although I don't think it's complete character assassination, but the gist stands):The part I bolded seems to echo a lot of viewers' own opinions, which I find worrisome in this day and age. Natalie Dormer had a great quote recently about how men continue to see women in drama as either-or propositions. By playing to extremes Benioff and Weiss betray their own agreement with that mentality.While your quoted part is a good argument. it completely misses the point, imo. "And then Catelyn, intelligent, compassionate Catelyn, takes entire responsibility for all the horrors that have come to her family <U+0080><U+0094> Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s beheading, Sansa<U+0080><U+0099>s imprisonment, Bran and Rickon<U+0080><U+0099>s deaths. All because she did not love Jon Snow." This is incomplete and borderline disingenuous if it is going to be used as some sort of commentary about sexism or the roles of women in film or TVIt is not "all because she did not love Jon Snow" the destined male hero. It's that she made a promise to her gods and herself to love a motherless child. This is something that should have been easy for her (in her mind recalling it in episode 2) because she is such a loving mother to her children. In her retrospect, it should have been a no-brainer. Only it wasn't.The act of loving Jon is only half of the issue. The other is that she think the Seven intervene in her family's lives. They made him sick because she asked them to. They healed him because she said she would love him and make him a part of the family. They are now punishing her for not living up to her word.In other words, she could loved him or not without guilt, but because she asks for divine intervention in the first place she feels responsible. All she had to avoid it was live up to her promise"And no one corrects her"The correction would then be to say that the Seven and your faith are nonsense
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 10 April 2013 - 02:57 PM.
1691	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	I wasn't aware that human rights and demonstrating gender equality was one of the goals of the book.Well, that's not my problem.I'm just calling it as I see it.  Do you think the way Catelyn treated Jon was justified, and the morally right thing to do, about which she should feel no regret or guilt?  Is that really your opinion?I don't think that refraining from being Jon's mother is morally wrong. I do think that not ever talking to Jon has nothing kind about it, but calling it a moral crime is a stretch. If the argument is that Jon needs a mother, Ned can give him a mother who is not Cat, not the woman he cheated on. He can find a woman in the castle to be Jon's foster mother, and then Jon will not lack for maternal affection. There is no moral law that says that because Jon's siblings have one individual's attention, he should too. I do think that a woman who wants an innocent child to die should feel regret and guilt, but what I dislike about how the show handled it is that they show that Catelyn wanted Jon dead all the time, and not just in a moment of intense grief when her own child was on death's door.Catelyn didn't even see it that way in the text -- she felt guilt about Jon.  Yet somehow, saying that she did something wrong is all due to the oppressive patriarchy, or some such.She felt guilt about what in the text, though? About not being a mother to Jon? No, she felt guilt about wishing him dead, as well she should. But never in the books did she ever feel she had to be Jon's mother, to urge Ned to give him the Stark name, to treat him like one of her own. She had no objections to the idea that Jon should be cared for and that Ned is responsible for that care, she just did not want to be the one who provided that care herself. That's it. She's entitled to not wanting to be a given person's mother, yes I do believe that.I don't want to be anyone's parent (right now) either, for what it's worth, and I don't think I'm a bad person for it. I don't have the right to make a child's life miserable, but nobody has the right to force me to be a parent either, and if a child's needs are being met by someone else, I'm not doing anything wrong by refraining from providing care. The only reason Cat's withdrawal from Jon is able to hurt him is because Ned puts Jon in Cat's proximity in the first place. It's not like Cat wakes up every morning thinking "Jon Snow can see how much I try to ignore him today, score!"A more entertaining story not forced to portray a society where the characters all act in accordance with a particular 21st century morality.More entertaining for people who have never been victims of patriarchy perhaps. But if you think what I want is for the characters themselves to be perfect models of 21st century progressive thought you're overreaching.The truly revealing thing about this discussion is that you're focusing on feelings relating to parenthood -- motherhood in Catelyn's case -- as somehow not reflecting appropriate principles of gender equity, as if the very concept of a parent -- male or female -- having a moral obligation to treat a baby or small child decently offends 21st century sensibilities.I'm not judging Catelyn based on some gender-construct of what I think "mothers' should be, or should do.I don't believe you intentionally are, but you do seem to deny that gender is a part of the story itself the way Martin wrote it. Is that fair to say? That's where I can't agree with you. "I'm a feminist at heart" is what I believe Martin himself has said. His world is obviously a world in which women cannot be as sexually liberal as men can be (the entire Margaery vs Cersei subplot demonstrates this), obviously a world in which women are defined by their ability to have children (maiden/mother/crone), obviously a world in which women are bartered like cattle (Cersei and Lysa explicitly verbalize their resentment for this), obviously a world in which wives are not expected to merely love and honor their husbands but obey them. Cat's attitude towards Jon is not without its pettiness, but she does not have to be his mother nor should we need to see her wishing it as compensation for her not dealing with the shitty situation Ned created ideally.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 03:51 PM.
1692	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	It is not "all because she did not love Jon Snow" the destined male hero. It's that she made a promise to her gods and herself to love a motherless child. This is something that should have been easy for her (in her mind recalling it in episode 2) because she is such a loving mother to her children. In her retrospect, it should have been a no-brainer. Only it wasn't.That's part of what the piece I linked to criticizes, this mentality that any mother who is a loving mother would love any and all motherless children. There is no in-between. That mentality is part of the divisiveness of this issue. People are totally unable to comprehend the idea that Martin wanted to create a mother character who does not love all motherless children and is still not a Bad Mother. That Jon is the Destined Male Hero is just icing on the cake at most, the bulk of the issue is concepts of motherhood.In other words, she could loved him or not without guilt, but because she asks for divine intervention in the first place she feels responsible. All she had to avoid it was live up to her promise"And no one corrects her"The correction would then be to say that the Seven and your faith are nonsenseYou're analysing from a Watson perspective and I'm analysing from a Doyle perspective. Why did they have Catelyn want the gods to take Jon Snow in the first place? The only time in the books that Catelyn did that was when she herself was practically crazy with grief. In the show, we are not supposed to think that it was a one-time thing, we are supposed to think that she always wanted Jon Snow to die, and only briefly did that desire abate, and then it returned. What is the writers' purpose for including Catelyn's now-typical death wish for Jon?So that they could show her being super remorseful for her super hatred.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 03:28 PM.
1693	Sun	2013-04-10	Incidentally Martin does clarify how Catelyn behaved around Jon for most of those 15 years:Thus, the question I have is if Catelyn went out of her way to mistreat Jon in the past -- and which form this might have taken -- or if she rather tried to avoid and ignore him?"Mistreatment" is a loaded word. Did Catelyn beat Jon bloody? No. Did she distance herself from him? Yes. Did she verbally abuse and attack him? No. (The instance in Bran's bedroom was obviously a very special case). But I am sure she was very protective of the rights of her own children, and in that sense always drew the line sharply between bastard and trueborn where issues like seating on the high table for the king's visit were at issue.And Jon surely knew that she would have preferred to have him elsewhere.If that's how he intended to present Catelyn's treatment of Jon, then he failed in writing it, at least he failed with me. The text is quoted by a poster above, and it does suggest a pattern, a history if you will, of emotional rejection, resentment, and even hate, not mere distance.On to the scene in the show: The reason I found fault in it is because there's plenty for Catelyn to blame herself for, but to pin it all on a broken promise to the gods seems too irrational, even for Catelyn.Rather than blame herself for her role in precipitating the war by kidnapping Tyrion, or for not not returning North to Winterfell once the war has started, or for releasing Jaime Lannister and engendering the resentment and possible rebellion among Robb's ranks and possibly risking her only surviving son's life, she has to go as far back as a broken promise to the gods to find a responsible act? It just does not make sense.The scene was emotionally potent, it made me cry, but it was logically flawed, imo.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 10 April 2013 - 04:08 PM.
1694	oakenhelm	2013-04-10	That's part of what the piece I linked to criticizes, this mentality that any mother who is a loving mother would love any and all motherless children. There is no in-between. That mentality is part of the divisiveness of this issue. People are totally unable to comprehend the idea that Martin wanted to create a mother character who does not love all motherless children and is still not a Bad Mother. That Jon is the Destined Male Hero is just icing on the cake at most, the bulk of the issue is concepts of motherhood.My response may lack the depth you are looking for, but only because I think it is just speculation (which is fine). But I can tell you that I don't feel that way. I still find her to be a good mother and a very courageous human being. But I also don't think the show's portrayal is a drastic deviation from the book in terms of her treatment or feelings toward Jon; at least not to the degree that it is being made out to.It's not just any mother and any motherless child. It's about this mother and this child. In no way do I find extrapolating helpful here. JMOYou're analysing from a Watson perspective and I'm analysing from a Doyle perspective. Why did they have Catelyn want the gods to take Jon Snow in the first place? The only time in the books that Catelyn did that was when she herself was practically crazy with grief. In the show, we are not supposed to think that it was a one-time thing, we are supposed to think that she always wanted Jon Snow to die, and only briefly did that desire abate, and then it returned. What is the writers' purpose for including Catelyn's now-typical death wish for Jon?So that they could show her being super remorseful for her super hatred.That may be true, but I have no idea what is going on in D&D's heads. I hope it was not just to make an emotional scene, but something that may have more meaning later. And I know it unpopular, but I always leave the door open that the show is telling us things that even the book readers don't know.
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 10 April 2013 - 04:21 PM.
1695	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	My response may lack the depth you are looking for, but only because I think it is just speculation (which is fine). But I can tell you that I don't feel that way. I still find her to be a good mother and a very courageous human being. But I also don't think the show's portrayal is a drastic deviation from the book in terms of her treatment or feelings toward Jon; at least not to the degree that it is being made out to.It's not just any mother and any motherless child. It's about this mother and this child. In no way do I find extrapolating helpful here. JMOI may be misunderstanding, but are you saying that there is something about this specific motherless child that should make this specific mother want to be his caregiver? I see it the opposite way, I think that the woman that Ned cheats on is the last person whom he should ask to be that specific child's mother. I actually think any other woman in the world would be a fairer person to ask than this specific mother.Like I said, at least for me, this is not the change I hate most in the show, not even the change I hate most that happened to this specific character. For me Cat wanting to just go home to Winterfell in order to prove that she's a good mother is worse. But there is a pattern I see and that extends beyond Jon specifically, it has to do with how every time Cat haters blame her for something or other, Benioff and Weiss feel the need to change her in order to placate them. It's such a different tack than how Sophie Turner talks about the also-criticized Sansa, she defies fans' blame. In contrast the show kowtows to the blame placed on Catelyn. I seThat may be true, but I have no idea what is going on in D&D's heads. I hope it was not just to make an emotional scene, but something that may have more meaning later. And I know it unpopular, but I always leave the door open that the show is telling us things that even the book readers don't know.I would bet that they wanted to raise the Jon issue because they have to brooch the topic of Robb's will. The thing is, they could have done that in many ways, they could have had Robb and Talisa talk about it, they could have had Jon remind Mance of his inability to inherit, which actually happened in the book. If they wanted Cat to have a big dramatic moment it could center on her guilt about arresting Tyrion (which actually happened in the book and makes much more sense, I doubt anyone found Cat's more appropriate guilt in the books difficult to relate to or inhuman), there's no real reason it just had to be about Jon Snow. At best they just come off as very careless.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 04:49 PM.
1696	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	On to the scene in the show: The reason I found fault in it is because there's plenty for Catelyn to blame herself for, but to pin it all on a broken promise to the gods seems too irrational, even for Catelyn.  The scene was emotionally potent, it made me cry, but it was logically flawed, imo.I don't think Catelyn is an irrational person -- she was actually one of my favorite characters.  And one of the things I liked about her is that she wanted the things that most people wanted.  Yes, she had ambition for her children, but so do most people.  She loved her kids.  And when the struggle for power and vengeance threatened the lives of the family she had left, she got pissed, and scared.  Ned was right to love her, IMHO.But I did get the sense in the scenes leading up to the RW that she was starting to lose it a bit.  Not that I blame her -- the stuff she had to deal with was stuff that would have that effect on lots of people.  She was not only dealing with the risks to her children, but her oldest son essentially making her a prisoner.  I think that would make anyone in Catelyn's position feel fairly brutalized emotionally.  What I think D&D gave us was a moment of weakness, a moment of what amounted to irrationality and regret, which struck me as very human.  I expect moving forward, we'll see her again giving Robb and Edmure sounds advice about the Frey's etc..  I think in fairness, her character deserved that humanizing moment before having her throat slit.
1697	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Well, that's not my problem.I don't think that refraining from being Jon's mother is morally wrong. I do think that not ever talking to Jon has nothing kind about it, but calling it a moral crime is a stretch. If the argument is that Jon needs a mother, Ned can give him a mother who is not Cat, not the woman he cheated on. He can find a woman in the castle to be Jon's foster mother, and then Jon will not lack for maternal affection. There is no moral law that says that because Jon's siblings have one individual's attention, he should too. I do think that a woman who wants an innocent child to die should feel regret and guilt, but what I dislike about how the show handled it is that they show that Catelyn wanted Jon dead all the time, and not just in a moment of intense grief when her own child was on death's door.She felt guilt about what in the text, though? About not being a mother to Jon? No, she felt guilt about wishing him dead, as well she should. But never in the books did she ever feel she had to be Jon's mother, to urge Ned to give him the Stark name, to treat him like one of her own. She had no objections to the idea that Jon should be cared for and that Ned is responsible for that care, she just did not want to be the one who provided that care herself. That's it. She's entitled to not wanting to be a given person's mother, yes I do believe that.I don't want to be anyone's parent (right now) either, for what it's worth, and I don't think I'm a bad person for it. I don't have the right to make a child's life miserable, but nobody has the right to force me to be a parent either, and if a child's needs are being met by someone else, I'm not doing anything wrong by refraining from providing care. The only reason Cat's withdrawal from Jon is able to hurt him is because Ned puts Jon in Cat's proximity in the first place. It's not like Cat wakes up every morning thinking "Jon Snow can see how much I try to ignore him today, score!"More entertaining for people who have never been victims of patriarchy perhaps. But if you think what I want is for the characters themselves to be perfect models of 21st century progressive thought you're overreaching.I don't believe you intentionally are, but you do seem to deny that gender is a part of the story itself the way Martin wrote it. Is that fair to say?No, I'm not denying it is part if the story.  In Martin's world more so than our own -- and inherently in that kind of medieval setting where the job of men is war, statecraft, etc. -- women are going to have the primary responsibility for child-rearing.  They did historically, and it makes sense.  And clearly, Martin gives to Catelyn the traditional "woman's role" in that kind of world.That's where I can't agree with you. "I'm a feminist at heart" is what I believe Martin himself has said. His world is obviously a world in which women cannot be as sexually liberal as men can be (the entire Margaery vs Cersei subplot demonstrates this), obviously a world in which women are defined by their ability to have children (maiden/mother/crone), obviously a world in which women are bartered like cattle (Cersei and Lysa explicitly verbalize their resentment for this), obviously a world in which wives are not expected to merely love and honor their husbands but obey them. Cat's attitude towards Jon is not without its pettiness, but she does not have to be his mother nor should we need to see her wishing it as compensation for her not dealing with the shitty situation Ned created ideally.Here is the disconnect.  Martin himself may be a feminist, but that doesn't mean that a fantasy story that he authors has to include feminist ideals and come from a feminist perspective.  He's writing fiction, and there is nothing inconsistent with someone who considers themselves a feminist in the 21st century RL writing a piece of fiction set in a patriarchal world, and without a purpose of advancing a 21st century feminist agenda.Plus, I don't see anything particularly feminist in terms of how children should be treated.  To the extent saying that Catelyn was wrong for how she treated Jon is anti-feminist, then I'd say that suggests feminism is pretty f'ed up.
1698	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Here is the disconnect.  Martin himself may be a feminist, but that doesn't mean that a fantasy story that he authors has to include feminist ideals and come from a feminist perspective.Of course he doesn't have to, but why assume he isn't? Because he can just as surely choose to.Plus, I don't see anything particularly feminist in terms of how children should be treated.  To the extent saying that Catelyn was wrong for how she treated Jon is anti-feminist, then I'd say that suggests feminism is pretty f'ed up.If you think it's morally wrong for her to wish Jon to die, then that's not anti-feminist. If you think it's morally wrong for her to refuse to be Jon's mother, that's probably anti-feminist and we're at a philosophical impasse.  Assuming an impasse, all I'll really care to point out is that the show sure does love to associate itself with feminism every pre-season in the press; if they really don't want evil feminist with their evil agendas hovering around, they probably shouldn't lay it on so thick.
1699	Khal Porno	2013-04-10	Maybe, but then the line should not have been: All because I could not love a motherless child.  It should have been something like:  All because I could not keep my prmise to gods.That means exactly the same thing.  She's talking about why the gods are "punishing" her.  She couldn't love a motherless son - so her promise was broken.As far as people complaining that it's not rational - of COURSE it's not rational!  She's GRIEVING.  People  in real life who grieve, or are afraid, or are under extreme stress, do things that are not rational.  People bargain with God and blame themselves when they grieve, even though under normal circumstances they know it's not their fault and God's not going to make it all go away.
1700	Maxthestig	2013-04-10	What the fuck have they done with Cat.That's all I can manage right now. I'll try again later.Just out of curiosity what is wrong with the scene? What are the changes to Cat ? I don't see many major ones.
1701	Khal Porno	2013-04-10	You know what's really funny about all this, is that people are complaining that the powers that be of Game of Thrones don't "get" Catelyn, and they don't care about her, and their understanding of the character is wrong.
However, just on this site, among fans of the books, there are WIDELY different interpretations of who Catelyn is, based on the same words in the original text.
I have read all of the books twice.  The scene in question is not at odds with my interpretation of who Catelyn is and her relationship with Jon Snow at all.
1702	David Selig	2013-04-10	How many children do you have?What's that got to do with anything? I am not the one who claim that as a human being you have an obligation to act as a parent to kids lacking one. I wanted to see whether the poster who claimed is a hypocrite in this respect.I've got adopted neices and nephews that I take care to treat no different from the others.  I've got stepkids for whom I do the same.  We've taken in another child who was getting abused at home and really had nowhere else to go.  And I'm not patting myself on the back -- I think that most parents I know would try to do the same.  I've been around lots and lots of parents, seen their interactions with small children not their own, and it's overwhelmingly an attitude of kindness and consideration.  Shit, many animals have a biological urge to take care of and raise babies of different species.  Mother cats letting motherless puppies suckle, the whole thing.  There are pretty much limitless cross-species mothering videos out there.The idea that a human mother feels nothing for any child not his or her own, particularly one with no mother or father, makes me believe we must be talking about a different species or something, because the human beings I know aren't like that. That's really awesome from you, what you did taking care of those kids, but I am not sure about the relevance of the part in bold in this discussion, Nobody so far ever claimed it's true, at least from what I recall.To put it differently, I think Catelyn's speech is certainly not so far outside the range of normal human behavior as to be not credible. Credible for a completely different character in a different social system - sure. It can easily happen. For a feudal noblewoman, especially one with Catelyn's personality - I just don't see it. They may feel the need to mother someone else's child, they may even do it, but legitimising is not a option at all in their view. It goes completely against the way they are raised and taught to think and endangers their kids, and hurts the interests of their House of birth.Standing up for herself against whom?  It wasn't Jon who wronged her.  He was a freaking baby.  The person who wronged her was Ned, and if she'd "stood up for herself" against him, that would be a completely different story.  What she did was essentially treat a blameless kid like shit because she was pissed at her husband.  While that may be an understandable reaction on a human level, it's certainly not a justified reaction of which. Cat stood up to Ned by often asking him to send Jon to be fostered away and later refusing to be one in charge of him when Ned left to become Hand.I'm just calling it as I see it.  Do you think the way Catelyn treated Jon was justified, and the morally right thing to do, about which she should feel no regret or guilt?  Is that really your opinion? Not mothering Jon was completely justified IMO. He was not her kid, he had others to take care of him and it would've caused Cat problems - major humiliation (she'd have been considered the biggest doormat in Westeros, rightly or not) and increase in the chance of Jon causing trouble in the succession with this added bit of legitimacy.The cold looks and not saying Jon's name, even though I find them really enjoyable for meta reasons (someone of the good guys showing dislike of the Chosen Saviour Super Special One Jon Snow for once), were wrong, but not really a big deal.
1703	further56	2013-04-10	I think that a minor thing the scene does that is not being caught is that it tells the audience that a bastard can become legitimized.  This sets up the legitimization of Ramsey Snow and the "legitimate" Ramsey Bolton and illegitamate Jon Snow is a key dichotome for the story in the future.
1704	Lady Arwen	2013-04-10	You know what's really funny about all this, is that people are complaining that the powers that be of Game of Thrones don't "get" Catelyn, and they don't care about her, and their understanding of the character is wrong.However, just on this site, among fans of the books, there are WIDELY different interpretations of who Catelyn is, based on the same words in the original text.I have read all of the books twice.  The scene in question is not at odds with my interpretation of who Catelyn is and her relationship with Jon Snow at all.I agree. Everyone's interpretation differs slightly, and I can't knock the show creators for putting in a scene that wasn't in the books but still jives with their interpretation of the character. I actually thought it was a nice touch.
1705	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-10	and yet EVERY single thread about catelyn comes back to posters debating the things quoted above among others. we've all read the threads often enough: cat was mean to jon, cat started the war by arresting tyrion, cat abandoned her children and cat lets her emotions push her to make poor decisions. the same things repeated over and over.regardless of what side of the argument you fall, these thoughts do not go away from the many people who have read the books. you can say "but they're wrong. pity they don't get it" however when a large number - dare i say the majority of readers based on the numerous polls around the internet - get something from a book, it is based on something. regardless of what grrm says. i don't doubt grrm had a plan for catelyn that didn't include all the contempt the character has had to endure but many readers didn't get that message from the text. that cannot be denied. not fair to blame d&d for their decision to go in the direction they went in when you consider how people have reacted to book catelyn on the forums.Jon Snow Pov IIHe stood in the door afraid to speak, afraid to come in.  Martin has written this to imply a pattern in Jon's life in regard to Catelyn Stark.Part of him wanted only to flee. Something cold moved in her eyes.  " I told you to leave."  " We don't want you here".  ( who is the we? is she speaking for Bran Stark as well?)   This is symbolic of Jon's later dreams of the crypt where cold eyes stare at him and say  You do not belong here. Once that would have sent him running. Once that might have even made him cry.  ( pattern of earlier times with Catelyn Stark)I prayed for my special boy.  I prayed for it. she said dully.  " He was my special boy".  I went to the sept and prayed seven times to seven faces of gods that Ned would change his mind adn leave him here with me.  Sometimes prayers are answered.  (Catelyn praying to god and in her mind the gods answered her with Bran's fall and being close to death.  This I think is where the TV producers took the idea that Catelyn Stark believes the gods are punishing her but they twisted it to refer to Jon Snow.  The book certainly has not yet done this in AGOTJon tries to comfort her.  " It wasn't your fault," he mangaged after an awkward silence.  ( The irony of Jon Snow trying to give comfort to a woman who has hated him and made him feel unwanted his entire life)Her eyes found him. They were full of poison.  "I need none of your absolution, bastard.  "Further down in the chapter Martin tells us that Never one time has Catelyn Tully Stark ever called Jon by his name.  Just this once..she says Jon  so that he turns around so she can deliver the stinging words.." It should have been you."  That is not only a stabbing in the heart but a twisting the blade.  She deliberatley used his name for the first time in his life so that she could utter  " It should have been you". The TV show upset me, but sometimes I think the people who have read the book upset me more..lol   Go read that POV once again..underline the adjectives and think about the history Martin is giving us subtly in how Catelyn has treated Jon through the years..This was not a distant neglect from this woman..it was nasty and sometimes in Jon's face.  Never using his name once???  So are we to imply she called him bastard daily? or Snow ?  Martin does not tell us..he only gives the character Catelyn the line....bastard.Catelyn Stark is a character that I admire for many reason, her love for her children.  However I am not giving her a pass on this entire scene.   I do like the idea that the TV writers are trying to make her more sympathetic and trying to show that she has struggled with guilt over her treatment and feelings towards Jon Snow and perhaps Rob making Jon his heir. Thanks for the thought provoking posts. It does seem like something isn't gelling up between what is written and what Martin says about the relationship.
1706	lostinwesteros	2013-04-10	Hated the scene - kept wanting to scream at her with every statement she made.  Her hatred of Jon is SO strong, I can't buy any of it.
1707	Cinder Stark	2013-04-10	Of course he doesn't have to, but why assume he isn't? Because he can just as surely choose to.If you think it's morally wrong for her to wish Jon to die, then that's not anti-feminist. If you think it's morally wrong for her to refuse to be Jon's mother, that's probably anti-feminist and we're at a philosophical impasse.  Assuming an impasse, all I'll really care to point out is that the show sure does love to associate itself with feminism every pre-season in the press; if they really don't want evil feminist with their evil agendas hovering around, they probably shouldn't lay it on so thick.Come on, Cat was just WRONG in regards to Jon really!! Especially if you are looking from a feminist perspective!! She forgives Ned, but transfers her hostilities to Jon a defenseless child. How is that ok or being a feminist,
1708	Lord Godric	2013-04-10	Only 26 pages here?  Not nearly as terrible as I thought it'd be by this point.
1709	Montey14	2013-04-10	that was just a silly scene....perhaps it was a nod to book one when she wished death on Jon when he came to say his goodbyes to Bran. It's no secret she didn't want him Jon....she wouldn't have him when Ned was leaving for Kings Landing and joined the Nights Watch....She never had a tingling of guilt in the boos...even when robb was making out his will....she was agianst naming him heir.....so that scene goes against all that is Cat....
1710	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Come on, Cat was just WRONG in regards to Jon really!! Especially if you are looking from a feminist perspective!! She forgives Ned, but transfers her hostilities to Jon a defenseless child. How is that ok or being a feminist,Well, you could go back to my alleged hyperbole of saying that feminist critique often amounts to finding excuses for every female character.  It is okay for Cat do do that 1) because she's a woman, and 2) because it's all the fault of the patriarchy.But yes, I don't get the argument either.  It amounts to saying "Ned shouldn't have done that, therefore treating Jon like shit is justified."  It strikes me as a complete logical disconnect, because it apparently excludes the possibility that both Ned and Catelyn were wrong.  Though based on what we know, Ned was actually justified.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 11:42 PM.
1711	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Of course he doesn't have to, but why assume he isn't? Because he can just as surely choose to.Except he didn't choose to.  The societies he chose to present -- the Dothraki, the Westerosi, etc.. -- are very much patriarchies.  Oppressive patriarchies, even, as you described themIf you think it's morally wrong for her to refuse to be Jon's mother, that's probably anti-feminist and we're at a philosophical impasse.I also think it would be morally wrong for a man to treat a child the way Catelyn treated Jon, whatever the circumstances.  My views have nothing to do with gender, but everything to do with parenting/being a compassionate adult.  However, I'll take your word for it that my views of parenting and being a compassionate adult is an anti-feminist mindset.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 10 April 2013 - 11:57 PM.
1712	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-11	What's that got to do with anything?I take it that is a no.I am not the one who claim that as a human being you have an obligation to act as a parent to kids lacking one. I wanted to see whether the poster who claimed is a hypocrite in this respect.First, the point isn't whether you'd choose to adopt.  The analogy would be if you were forced to accept a child into your home against your will.  How would you treat that child?  So whether the particular poster actually adopted a child isn't relevant. More importantly, adoption entails a slew of duties and responsibilities -- something of which you might be aware if you are a parent.  Financial responsibilities, feeding, clothing, changing, staying home or getting day care, etc. etc. etc..  All the ways in which children suck up massive amounts of time and committment.   Can you even afford to provide for it?  When you're talking about a poster adopting a child in RL, those are all huge real world factors that a poster has to consider.Catelyn had to consider none of those things, which is why asking a poster if he/she has adopted children makes no sense. Jon was going to be raised in Winterfell as Ned's son no matter what, so all those "adoption" issues are irrelevant.  The only question is how she would choose to treat that guiltless baby/child who is going to be raised in her home, a half-brother/sister to her own children.  Are you going to be a bitch, or are you going to care for it?  After all, it doesn't really take any more effort to say "Jon" than it does to say "Snow".  A hug on occasion costs nothing.Now, my contention, and the contention of others, is that most adults have a basic parental instinct that includes how you treat babies and small children who are in your presence, even those who are not your own.  It may not kick into gear until you actually have children of your own, but for most people who do have children, it's there.  And, by extension, how you'd view others who failed to meet that standard.  There are likely innumerable instances in human history where a couple has taken care of an abandoned baby, not out of any cultural expecation, but simply because something within them thought it was wrong not to.  And it's also been pointed out that this instinct has even extended across species.  I'd add that I think many non-adults also have a sense of how babies should be treated, and not because they've attended a seminar on the subject.But you object to this.  Your argument is either 1) that parental instinct either doesn't exist , or 2) that Catelyn and everyone else in Westeros is somehow immune to it.  What I don't think you are grasping is that while you are arguing "show me where this mothering instinct thingy exists in the text", the rest of us are saying "this is something that most parents inherently feel and expect from others as part of being a human being".Cat stood up to Ned by often asking him to send Jon to be fostered away and later refusing to be one in charge of him when Ned left to become Hand.In what respect was her treatment of Jon standing up to Ned?  Ned likely wasn't even aware of it.  He certainly wasn't aware of that final comment.Not mothering Jon was completely justified IMO. He was not her kid, he had others to take care of him and it would've caused Cat problems - major humiliation (she'd have been considered the biggest doormat in Westeros, rightly or not) and increase in the chance of Jon causing trouble in the succession with this added bit of legitimacy.What is interesting about that justification is that it all would still apply even if Ned had told her the truth.  After all, if Ned had told her, she'd still have to keep it secret, so the "major humiliation" would exist to the same degree, there's be the same succession issues, etc..  But actually, I do disagree with you here on the major humiliation.  The vast majority of Westeros is going to have no clue as to exactly what is happening at that level within the Stark family at Winterfell.  I'd guess very few people outside Winterfell knew that she never called him by his name.  Why would they?  It's not exactly the type of thing you send a raven about.  To the extent there was embarassment, it would be based on the existence of Jon in WInterfell as Ned's bastard, and that wasn't changing no matter how she treated him.I also don't agree that everyone would have viewed her negatively.  Sure, it is not normally done to bring a bastard back, but that's a different thing from saying it is okay for the wife to take out her resentments on the child if that should happen.  I could imagine the QoT having an interesting conversation with Cat on this.  "So, you exclude him from table where possible, you never call him by his own name, deliberately avoided showing him any affection despite him not having a mother.  What did he do to you that warranted this?   Oh, you treat the child this way because his father fucked some maid?  I hope your natural children grow up with better sense than you."Or better yet, what would The Mother say?  Catelyn prays to the Seven, and particularly the Mother.  The ASOIAF wiki has an interesting entry on that.  The last line of the Song to the Mother is "teach us all a kinder way".  Is that something she followed with Jon?  Or how about when she prays to the Mother in ACOK:<U+0080><U+009C>My lady, look down on this battle with a mother<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes. They are all sons, every one. Spare them if you can, and spare my own sons as well. Watch over Robb and Bran and Rickon. Would that I were with them.<U+0080><U+009D>Do you think Catelyn believes the Mother would approve of the way she treated Jon?  "They are all sons, every one."  That's a little more than saying that mothers should care only about their own children, isn't it?The cold looks and not saying Jon's name, even though I find them really enjoyable for meta reasons (someone of the good guys showing dislike of the Chosen Saviour Super Special One Jon Snow for once), were wrong, but not really a big deal.Well, that's a disagreement again.  To use the example of an adoptive child in a family of otherwise natural children, I think the mother never calling that child by its own name, while doing that for the other children, deliberately being cold to the child for its entire life, etc.., would be a very big deal.  At least to the child.
1713	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-11	Well done. We go from a discussion about Cat not loving her husband's bastard to words like "misogyny" and "anti-feminist" being thrown about. Bravo, Internet. You never fail to disappoint.
1714	jotabe1789	2013-04-11	Credible for a completely different character in a different social system - sure. It can easily happen. For a feudal noblewoman, especially one with Catelyn's personality - I just don't see it. They may feel the need to mother someone else's child, they may even do it, but legitimising is not a option at all in their view. It goes completely against the way they are raised and taught to think and endangers their kids, and hurts the interests of their House of birth.I think you are putting too much weight on Cat's mention of her promise to ask for him to be legitimized. In context, she said that she spent the night by his side, the night that master Luwin had said that would be the critical one. And Cat herself says it was a very long night, longer still because she was grieving over her own guilt (for having prayed for Jon to die).During all those hours, in grief, she begins to bargain with the gods. The way it makes sense to me is that this bargaining escalates as the time passes and Jon doesn't seem to get better... so Cat isn't really in the best state of mind (tired, sleepless, hungry, ridden with guilt, desperate to see a good sign) to the point that she even promised that.I immediately thought of one of the scenes in the Fresh Prince when Carlton is in the hospital because of taking some vitamins from Will's locker, which were actually amphetamins. Seeing he doesn't recover, he begins to bargain with god:"God, if you let Carlton be okay ... I swear I'll never make fun of him again." (bargaining, low level, he's just promising not to be bad) "I'll go to Church every Sunday." (the bargain escalates, he promises to inconvinience himself and actively do something good) "even I'll give up women." (maximum escalation, Will goes clearly out of character here, if he were to go through with the promise).Of course, when Carlton gets better, Will quickly recants "You know I was just kidding about that 'woman' part, right?"
					
					
							Edited by jotabe1789, 11 April 2013 - 02:25 AM.
1715	David Selig	2013-04-11	But you object to this.  Your argument is either 1) that parental instinct either doesn't exist , or 2) that Catelyn and everyone else in Westeros is somehow immune to it.  What I don't think you are grasping is that while you are arguing "show me where this mothering instinct thingy exists in the text", the rest of us are saying "this is something that most parents inherently feel and expect from others as part of being a human being".What? I've never said any of those things. At all. Of course parental instinct exists, in Westeros too. But just because of this doesn't mean that everyone feels it the same way or that the society (both our or Westerosi) expects everyone to forget everything else and act as a parent to any kid who lacks one no matter how many problems it may cause him or her.Catelyn had to consider none of those things, which is why asking a poster if he/she has adopted children makes no sense. Jon was going to be raised in Winterfell as Ned's son no matter what, so all those "adoption" issues are irrelevant.Yeah, but Catelyn had plenty of serious issues to consider too. Some of which much more serious than the hypothetical adoption today. Like increasing the possibility of succession war by accepting Jon and acting as a mother to him or even more so by asking for his legitimisation.What is interesting about that justification is that it all would still apply even if Ned had told her the truth.  After all, if Ned had told her, she'd still have to keep it secret, so the "major humiliation" would exist to the same degree, there's be the same succession issues, etc..  But actually, I do disagree with you here on the major humiliation.  The vast majority of Westeros is going to have no clue as to exactly what is happening at that level within the Stark family at Winterfell.  I'd guess very few people outside Winterfell knew that she never called him by his name.  Why would they?  It's not exactly the type of thing you send a raven about.  To the extent there was embarassment, it would be based on the existence of Jon in WInterfell as Ned's bastard, and that wasn't changing no matter how she treated him.If Catelyn asks for Jon to be legitimised, that would be huge news, the juiciest piece of gossip in Westeros for a long time. She'd be considered the biggest doormat ever.Even just being nice to jon was likely to become well known and a major source of humiliation.I also don't agree that everyone would have viewed her negatively.  Sure, it is not normally done to bring a bastard back, but that's a different thing from saying it is okay for the wife to take out her resentments on the child if that should happen.  I could imagine the QoT having an interesting conversation with Cat on this.  "So, you exclude him from table where possible, you never call him by his own name, deliberately avoided showing him any affection despite him not having a mother.  What did he do to you that warranted this?   Oh, you treat the child this way because his father fucked some maid?  I hope your natural children grow up with better sense than you."The Queen of Thorns? Really? The same lady who dropped the 12 year old Sansa (who was a captive, scared and alone), like a hot potato and lost all (most likely fake) sympathy for her the second she stopped being useful, and to top it off, framed her for regicide? I have no doubts she'd have treated Jon worse if she was in Cat's place.Or how about when she prays to the Mother in ACOK:<U+0080><U+009C>My lady, look down on this battle with a mother<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes. They are all sons, every one. Spare them if you can, and spare my own sons as well. Watch over Robb and Bran and Rickon. Would that I were with them.<U+0080><U+009D>Do you think Catelyn believes the Mother would approve of the way she treated Jon?  "They are all sons, every one."  That's a little more than saying that mothers should care only about their own children, isn't it?The point of "they are all sons, everyone" is that they are all human who all deserve life and to survive the battle, not that a mother (lower case) is supposed to take care of all children, period. That's what the Mother (upper case) is for. Which is not to say a mother can't take care of other children or it's frowned upon, it's just not something expected to be done at all times at all costs.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 11 April 2013 - 06:58 AM.
1716	SeanF	2013-04-11	I take it that is a no.First, the point isn't whether you'd choose to adopt.  The analogy would be if you were forced to accept a child into your home against your will.  How would you treat that child?  So whether the particular poster actually adopted a child isn't relevant.More importantly, adoption entails a slew of duties and responsibilities -- something of which you might be aware if you are a parent.  Financial responsibilities, feeding, clothing, changing, staying home or getting day care, etc. etc. etc..  All the ways in which children suck up massive amounts of time and committment.   Can you even afford to provide for it?  When you're talking about a poster adopting a child in RL, those are all huge real world factors that a poster has to consider.Catelyn had to consider none of those things, which is why asking a poster if he/she has adopted children makes no sense. Jon was going to be raised in Winterfell as Ned's son no matter what, so all those "adoption" issues are irrelevant.  The only question is how she would choose to treat that guiltless baby/child who is going to be raised in her home, a half-brother/sister to her own children.  Are you going to be a bitch, or are you going to care for it?  After all, it doesn't really take any more effort to say "Jon" than it does to say "Snow".  A hug on occasion costs nothing.I think you're asking an awful lot of any wife - let alone an aristocratic wife in a medieval society - if you expect her to act as a mother to her husband's illegitimate child from an adulterous affair.  Some women might, but I don't think it's anything that one can legitimately expect from them.Now, my contention, and the contention of others, is that most adults have a basic parental instinct that includes how you treat babies and small children who are in your presence, even those who are not your own.  It may not kick into gear until you actually have children of your own, but for most people who do have children, it's there.  And, by extension, how you'd view others who failed to meet that standard.  There are likely innumerable instances in human history where a couple has taken care of an abandoned baby, not out of any cultural expecation, but simply because something within them thought it was wrong not to.  And it's also been pointed out that this instinct has even extended across species.  I'd add that I think many non-adults also have a sense of how babies should be treated, and not because they've attended a seminar on the subject.But Jon is not an orphan, or an adoptee, or a step-child.  He's just been foisted on Catelyn by her husband, in defiance of all the conventions of her society.But you object to this.  Your argument is either 1) that parental instinct either doesn't exist , or 2) that Catelyn and everyone else in Westeros is somehow immune to it.  What I don't think you are grasping is that while you are arguing "show me where this mothering instinct thingy exists in the text", the rest of us are saying "this is something that most parents inherently feel and expect from others as part of being a human being".I just don't think the parental instinct would exist, for most women in Catelyn's situation.  Jon's not her son, and at no point did she ever agree to his being brought up with her own children. He's the product (as far she knows) of her husband's adulterous affair.  She doesn't expect marital fidelity from her husband, but she does expect not to have her nose rubbed in it (and according to the conventions of her society, she's entitled to expect this).In what respect was her treatment of Jon standing up to Ned?  Ned likely wasn't even aware of it.  He certainly wasn't aware of that final comment.What is interesting about that justification is that it all would still apply even if Ned had told her the truth.  After all, if Ned had told her, she'd still have to keep it secret, so the "major humiliation" would exist to the same degree, there's be the same succession issues, etc..  But actually, I do disagree with you here on the major humiliation.  The vast majority of Westeros is going to have no clue as to exactly what is happening at that level within the Stark family at Winterfell.  I'd guess very few people outside Winterfell knew that she never called him by his name.  Why would they?  It's not exactly the type of thing you send a raven about.  To the extent there was embarassment, it would be based on the existence of Jon in WInterfell as Ned's bastard, and that wasn't changing no matter how she treated him.If Jon is who we think he is, then Ned had good reason not to tell her in my view (the more people who share a secret the more likely it is to leak out).  But, if he had told her, she would have no reason to resent Jon.  He would not be a constant reminder of her husband's infidelity, and he'd stand apart from the line of succession at Winterfell.I also don't agree that everyone would have viewed her negatively.  Sure, it is not normally done to bring a bastard back, but that's a different thing from saying it is okay for the wife to take out her resentments on the child if that should happen.  I could imagine the QoT having an interesting conversation with Cat on this.  "So, you exclude him from table where possible, you never call him by his own name, deliberately avoided showing him any affection despite him not having a mother.  What did he do to you that warranted this?   Oh, you treat the child this way because his father fucked some maid?  I hope your natural children grow up with better sense than you."I imagine that the Queen of Thorns would have been extremely acid towards her husband, had he proposed bringing up his bastard at Highgarden.Or better yet, what would The Mother say?  Catelyn prays to the Seven, and particularly the Mother.  The ASOIAF wiki has an interesting entry on that.  The last line of the Song to the Mother is "teach us all a kinder way".  Is that something she followed with Jon?  Or how about when she prays to the Mother in ACOK:<U+0080><U+009C>My lady, look down on this battle with a mother<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes. They are all sons, every one. Spare them if you can, and spare my own sons as well. Watch over Robb and Bran and Rickon. Would that I were with them.<U+0080><U+009D>Do you think Catelyn believes the Mother would approve of the way she treated Jon?  "They are all sons, every one."  That's a little more than saying that mothers should care only about their own children, isn't it?If Catelyn was a perfect human being, then she would have set aside her own resentment of Jon, and treated him as one of her children.  But, we've no reason to expect perfection from her.Well, that's a disagreement again.  To use the example of an adoptive child in a family of otherwise natural children, I think the mother never calling that child by its own name, while doing that for the other children, deliberately being cold to the child for its entire life, etc.., would be a very big deal.  At least to the child.
1717	SerMixalot	2013-04-11	The difference between the parental instinct and Cat's situation is that Jon Snow is a constant reminder to Cat of Ned's supposed infidelity and and insult to her, making her reaction to Jon both human and  understandable though not necessarily right.
1718	David Selig	2013-04-11	BTW, watching the scene again, this part struck me "I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. ". Since from the rest of the ddialogue it's clear this happened right after Ned came back from the war while Jon was a little baby, it make very little sense. At that point Ned and Cat barely knew each other, such an extreme level of jealousy is very unlikely.And I am again at a loss how after such a line people can interpret the scene as making Catelyn more sympathetic either than from her character in the books or from what we knew of her so far in the series. She prayed for Jon's death not because of the potential succession problems, not because she'd rather have him dead than Bran like in the books, just because of insane level of jealousy to his mother. This alone is enough to call it "character assassination".
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 11 April 2013 - 06:40 AM.
1719	insertname	2013-04-11	No it's not.
1720	David Selig	2013-04-11	No it's not. Thank you for this well reasoned and backed up with extensive arguments opinion. Seriously, if you aren't going to explain your point at all, why post it?
1721	SeanF	2013-04-11	Jon Snow Pov IIHe stood in the door afraid to speak, afraid to come in.  Martin has written this to imply a pattern in Jon's life in regard to Catelyn Stark.Part of him wanted only to flee.Something cold moved in her eyes.  " I told you to leave."  " We don't want you here".  ( who is the we? is she speaking for Bran Stark as well?)   This is symbolic of Jon's later dreams of the crypt where cold eyes stare at him and say  You do not belong here.Once that would have sent him running. Once that might have even made him cry.  ( pattern of earlier times with Catelyn Stark)I prayed for my special boy.  I prayed for it. she said dully.  " He was my special boy".  I went to the sept and prayed seven times to seven faces of gods that Ned would change his mind adn leave him here with me.  Sometimes prayers are answered.  (Catelyn praying to god and in her mind the gods answered her with Bran's fall and being close to death.  This I think is where the TV producers took the idea that Catelyn Stark believes the gods are punishing her but they twisted it to refer to Jon Snow.  The book certainly has not yet done this in AGOTJon tries to comfort her.  " It wasn't your fault," he mangaged after an awkward silence.  ( The irony of Jon Snow trying to give comfort to a woman who has hated him and made him feel unwanted his entire life)Her eyes found him. They were full of poison.  "I need none of your absolution, bastard.  "Further down in the chapter Martin tells us that Never one time has Catelyn Tully Stark ever called Jon by his name.  Just this once..she says Jon  so that he turns around so she can deliver the stinging words.." It should have been you."  That is not only a stabbing in the heart but a twisting the blade.  She deliberatley used his name for the first time in his life so that she could utter  " It should have been you".The TV show upset me, but sometimes I think the people who have read the book upset me more..lol   Go read that POV once again..underline the adjectives and think about the history Martin is giving us subtly in how Catelyn has treated Jon through the years..This was not a distant neglect from this woman..it was nasty and sometimes in Jon's face.  Never using his name once???  So are we to imply she called him bastard daily? or Snow ?  Martin does not tell us..he only gives the character Catelyn the line....bastard.Catelyn Stark is a character that I admire for many reason, her love for her children.  However I am not giving her a pass on this entire scene.   I do like the idea that the TV writers are trying to make her more sympathetic and trying to show that she has struggled with guilt over her treatment and feelings towards Jon Snow and perhaps Rob making Jon his heir.Martin's work is subjective in the sense that when we read his words..we each have emotional responses to the characters and stories.  I am an older woman with a strong traditional religious faith.   I am sure this colors my feelings regarding characters but I do try to actually go back and read each word written by Martin to objectively try to understand the character.As I read this for the first time, I thought that Catelyn was a truly obnoxious person.  Her comments to Jon were awful, at any level, and, in his first chapters in AGOT, Jon was portrayed very sympathetically.It was only as the series progressed that I realised how out of character it was for Catelyn to say something like that, and that Martin's explanation, that it was an outburst caused by grief and sleepnessness, had to be right.And, on reflection, I realised that she had every right to be unhappy about Jon's presence at Winterfell.A good comparison is with her behaviour at the Red Wedding.  Catelyn isn't in the habit of slitting the throats of the mentally handicapped.  But she's out of her mind with grief and despair.I think that scene with Jon did leave a lasting impression on me.  I find Catelyn sympathetic, mostly compassionate, definitely one of the better characters in the series, yet not really a character that I can warm to.
					
					
							Edited by SeanF, 11 April 2013 - 08:22 AM.
1722	Slingingstones	2013-04-11	If I may jump into this discussion<U+0080>I view Cat as having a serious bout of remorse over her life, her teenage years as a newly married wife to the next in line heir, Ned.  He is not the love of her life, but she endeavors to make lemonade from the juices she is left with.  
At rebellion<U+0080><U+0099>s end, Ned comes trotting in with a <U+0080><U+009C>bastard<U+0080><U+009D> son.  She has not lived with Ned long enough to fully know of his commitment (family, honor, duty), only that he<U+0080><U+0099>s foisting this embarrassment upon her to bear.  So when Jon becomes deathly ill, her girlish jealousy<U+0080><U+0099>s mistakenly attach death warrant.  Yet by accidental coincidence, Jon pulls through.  Again, she mistakenly attached this to the will of her prayers.  The seven have spoken.         - . . . -
Now in her 40<U+0080><U+0099>s, shunned by kin and clan, treated as the plague, having lost just about everything<U+0080>especially the respect of her first true born.  The remorse sets in<U+0080>unbearably.
If I were the on-call Maester, I<U+0080><U+0099>d prescribe a heavy dose of Bee pollen.
1723	insertname	2013-04-11	Thank you for this well reasoned and backed up with extensive arguments opinion.Seriously, if you aren't going to explain your point at all, why post it?Because I'm tired of "character assassination" being thrown around. Cat has always had a very negative feeling towards Jon's mother. Jealousy isn't exactly the right word for it, but it comes close enough. And I wouldn't exactly summarize what Cat says with "jealousy" either. Anyway, it's a bit of a deviation, but definitely not "character assassination".
1724	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-11	BTW, watching the scene again, this part struck me "I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. ". Since from the rest of the ddialogue it's clear this happened right after Ned came back from the war while Jon was a little baby, it make very little sense. At that point Ned and Cat barely knew each other, such an extreme level of jealousy is very unlikely.I think you'll probably find some disagreement with that.  Ned and Cat at least knew each other sufficiently that they were married and conceived a child together before Ned when off to war  I think that alone is going to create the basis for those feelingsAnd I am again at a loss how after such a line people can interpret the scene as making Catelyn more sympathetic either than from her character in the books or from what we knew of her so far in the series.For me, the sympathy comes from her feeling deep, genuine remorse for her actions.  Very few major characters -- Ned and Brienne come to mind -- are presented as morally "white", so they've pretty much all done things for which it is fair to criticize them.  But very few actually end up showing genuine remorse.  Catelyn's scene showed true heartfelt regret, and bad people don't do that.  You can still dislike her past actions, but feel better about her as she is today because she had the moral honesty and character to acknowledge them.  People are not static.  It's particularly compelling in her case because she didn't do the kind of horrible things Cersei, Jaime, and so many others have done.  She believes it was wrong to not love a motherless child that was in her care, and that speaks very well of her heart and quality as a human being.  At least to me.
1725	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-11	The difference between the parental instinct and Cat's situation is that Jon Snow is a constant reminder to Cat of Ned's supposed infidelity and and insult to her, making her reaction to Jon both human and  understandable though not necessarily right.Well, yes.  I think that's exactly the point.  Yes, people understand why she felt that way, but no, it wasn't right or justified.  However, I still think that while her reaction to Jon would have been fairly easy to overlook if it had just been an initial reaction, to carry through that coldness for a decade and a half is something that I think most parents would find extreme.  If she could manage to forgive and grow to love Ned, the guy whose fault it was in the first place, then continuing to carry that grudge against a child she knows to be innocent of any wrongdoing is pretty clearly wrong.Therefore, for her to later express regret and sadness over actions that may have been understandable, but still cruel, makes perfect sense, and deepens her character.
1726	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-11	I think you're asking an awful lot of any wife - let alone an aristocratic wife in a medieval society - if you expect her to act as a mother to her husband's illegitimate child from an adulterous affair. Some women might, but I don't think it's anything that one can legitimately expect from them.There are two different points here -- what Catelyn actually did to Jon, and what she said in her speech.  As to the first, I do think it is fair to expect of any human being, including an aristocratic wife -- that she treat a child better than how Catelyn treated Jon.  Admittedly, this may be a value judgment that varies between individuals.But Jon is not an orphan, or an adoptee, or a step-child. He's just been foisted on Catelyn by her husband, in defiance of all the conventions of her society.  Again, I see that mattering in terms of Catelyn's treatment of Ned, and some understanding for an initial, angry reaction towards the baby.  But carrying it on past that is a think I don't think most decent mothers would do.  I don't think that is a "Westeros" thing any more than I think love and sex are "Westeros" things.  They are all human things.I just don't think the parental instinct would exist, for most women in Catelyn's situation.I'm not a woman, but I am a parent, and I couldn't imagine treating an innocent child the way she treated Jon regardless of circumstances.In what respect was her treatment of Jon standing up to Ned? Ned likely wasn't even aware of it. He certainly wasn't aware of that final comment.But, if he had told her, she would have no reason to resent Jon. He would not be a constant reminder of her husband's infidelity, and he'd stand apart from the line of succession at Winterfell.The argument was that she would be humiliated by the thoughts/actions of other people reacting to Jon being a bastard.  Even if Ned tells her, it remains a secret from everyone else, so they would still (so the argument goes) treat her with derision and look down on her as the biggest doormat in Westeros.  That won't change.  Nor does Ned telling her a secret affect the line of succession one bit.  If Jon presents a threat because he's Ned's bastard, that threat doesn't go away as long as the rest of Westeros -- bannermen, etc.. -- continue to believe that he is.I imagine that the Queen of Thorns would have been extremely acid towards her husband, had he proposed bringing up his bastard at Highgarden.Oh, absolutely no doubt there.  But somehow, I think she's a bit too wise to have taken her anger out on a baby.  "It's not the child's fault he has a whoremonger for a father."  Of course, there's no way to prove how she'd react, but that's my take on it.Do you think Catelyn believes the Mother would approve of the way she treated Jon? "They are all sons, every one." That's a little more than saying that mothers should care only about their own children, isn't it?If Catelyn was a perfect human being, then she would have set aside her own resentment of Jon, and treated him as one of her children. But, we've no reason to expect perfection from her.First, there is quite a gulf between expecting "perfection", and expecting something better than the way she actually treated him. But second, I asked if you thought Catelyn would believe that The Mother -- the one amongst the Seven to whom she is the closest -- would approve of her treatment of Jon.  I certainly don't.  And I think it is completely credible that in praying to the Mother for the safety of her own children, she would have felt pangs of guilt/regret/fear over how her treatment of Jon looked in the eyes of the Mother.  After all, now that Ned is dead and her children all scattered, the issue of Jon's bastardy seems rather small potatoes at this point.
1727	SeanF	2013-04-11	But second, I asked if you thought Catelyn would believe that The Mother -- the one amongst the Seven to whom she is the closest -- would approve of her treatment of Jon.  I certainly don't.  And I think it is completely credible that in praying to the Mother for the safety of her own children, she would have felt pangs of guilt/regret/fear over how her treatment of Jon looked in the eyes of the Mother.  After all, now that Ned is dead and her children all scattered, the issue of Jon's bastardy seems rather small potatoes at this point.Without wishing to delve too far into theology (particularly fictional theology) I think that the Mother would apply a "double standard" (in the best sense).  She would want (Book) Catelyn to strive to be as kind towards Jon Snow as possible, but still be forgiving of a woman in Catelyn's predicament, who couldn't bring herself to love Jon Snow.WRT Catelyn in the TV show, I think that absolutely, the Mother would condemn her for actually praying for Jon to die.
					
					
							Edited by SeanF, 11 April 2013 - 10:54 AM.
1728	JediShywalker	2013-04-11	I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t think it was a huge departure from her character in the book. She<U+0080><U+0099>s open about her hatred for Jon Snow, and what happened on Sunday didn<U+0080><U+0099>t take away from that. She<U+0080><U+0099>s completely unapologetic for it. She knows hating a bastard kid with no mother is wrong. She knows and that doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t make her stop doing it.
Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s driving force is her fierce love and protection of her children. She sees (and has always seen) Jon as a threat to that family. He looks more like Ned than her trueborn children, he<U+0080><U+0099>s a good boy and a natural leader, and everyone, including her children and her husband love him. And she recognizes how dangerous that is- that Jon Snow can become just as dangerous as Ramsey Bolton if he chooses. Jon is an enigma, a problem.
He<U+0080><U+0099>s a son and not a son, a part of the family and a potentially dangerous usurper.
But for most of the time she knows him, he<U+0080><U+0099>s a boy. A boy who it<U+0080><U+0099>s easy to hate when he<U+0080><U+0099>s healthy and running alongside Robb and treated by everyone as his equal. But, in the darkness of a sickroom, Cat has to acknowledge that Jon Snow is just a boy. A boy who didn<U+0080><U+0099>t ask to be bastard born or brought to Winterfell. A sick boy without a mother to care for him and without a future even if he should survive. And, in that boy, Cat sees herself reflected<U+0080><U+0094> what this fierce protection of her family has turned her into, and she falters in her resolve.
When she<U+0080><U+0099>s speaking to Talisa, I didn<U+0080><U+0099>t take it as she was sad that she was mean to Jon Snow. I saw it as anger at wasting her prayers to all seven Gods on him. For putting the needs of this bastard boy over the needs of her family because of a moment of weakness. She saw how monstrous her behavior was reflected back at her from Jon<U+0080><U+0099>s sick bed, and, instead of accepting that the death of one boy on her heart would be worth the price of safety for her sons, she crumbled. She made promises she shouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t have out of guilt, and, when Jon recovered and she realized that she wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t be able to keep them, it was already too late.
Cat<U+0080><U+0099>s not guilty that she treated Jon Snow badly, she<U+0080><U+0099>s upset because she had a moment of weakness 10 years ago. She<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to protect her family, and instead she chose to save the bastard boy by making false promises to the Gods. I truly believe that Cat believes all of this has been brought down on her family NOT because of her cruelty to Jon after his recovery, but because she could not stand to bear the burden of his death. For Cat, that was the right thing, the Tully thing. Protect the family. Let the bastard die.
And she couldn<U+0080><U+0099>t do it.
					
					
							Edited by JediShywalker, 11 April 2013 - 10:37 AM.
1729	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-11	Without wishing to delve too far into theology (particularly fictional theology) I think that the Mother would apply a "double standard" (in the best sense).  She would want Catelyn to strive to be as kind towards Jon Snow as possible, but still be forgiving of a woman in Catelyn's predicament, who couldn't bring herself to love Jon Snow.Uh, does that mean you'd agree that Catelyn would think her treatment of Jon was less that the Mother would have wanted?  Because if so, then that goes a long way towards explaining what she said to Salisa, particularly since she's now praying to the Mother again to save her own children.  Essentially, her speech is "please forgive me for falling short of what you expected of me as a Mother.  I know I should have done better."
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 11 April 2013 - 10:53 AM.
1730	SeanF	2013-04-11	Uh, does that mean you'd agree that Catelyn would think her treatment of Jon was less that the Mother would have wanted?  Because if so, then that goes a long way towards explaining what she said to Salisa, particularly since she's now praying to the Mother again to save her own children.  Essentially, her speech is "please forgive me for falling short of what you expected of me as a Mother.  I know I should have done better."Unfortunately, I edited my post slightly, after you had posted.I don't doubt for one moment, that Catelyn would feel remorse for having prayed for Jon's death, and then for having made promises to the gods that she didn't keep.(Book) Catelyn of course did not pray for Jon's death, or make promises to the gods, so she certainly wouldn't feel that remorse.  If the religion of the Seven required her to set aside any feelings of resentment which she had as a result of having had Ned's illegitimate son foisted on her, and to treat him like one of her own children, then I imagine that she would acknowledge, during her prayers,  that she'd fallen short of the standards that the Mother expected.While the religion of the Seven has similarities to Christianity, I don't think we know enough about its theology to answer that question.  One significant difference between the two religions, is that while Christianity requires its adherents to forgive wrongs that have been done to them,  the religion of the Seven allows revenge.
					
					
							Edited by SeanF, 11 April 2013 - 11:21 AM.
1731	Cinder Stark	2013-04-11	I didn<U+0092>t think it was a huge departure from her character in the book. She<U+0092>s open about her hatred for Jon Snow, and what happened on Sunday didn<U+0092>t take away from that. She<U+0092>s completely unapologetic for it. She knows hating a bastard kid with no mother is wrong. She knows and that doesn<U+0092>t make her stop doing it.Cat<U+0092>s driving force is her fierce love and protection of her children. She sees (and has always seen) Jon as a threat to that family. He looks more like Ned than her trueborn children, he<U+0092>s a good boy and a natural leader, and everyone, including her children and her husband love him. And she recognizes how dangerous that is- that Jon Snow can become just as dangerous as Ramsey Bolton if he chooses. Jon is an enigma, a problem.He<U+0092>s a son and not a son, a part of the family and a potentially dangerous usurper.But for most of the time she knows him, he<U+0092>s a boy. A boy who it<U+0092>s easy to hate when he<U+0092>s healthy and running alongside Robb and treated by everyone as his equal. But, in the darkness of a sickroom, Cat has to acknowledge that Jon Snow is just a boy. A boy who didn<U+0092>t ask to be bastard born or brought to Winterfell. A sick boy without a mother to care for him and without a future even if he should survive. And, in that boy, Cat sees herself reflected<U+0097> what this fierce protection of her family has turned her into, and she falters in her resolve.When she<U+0092>s speaking to Talisa, I didn<U+0092>t take it as she was sad that she was mean to Jon Snow. I saw it as anger at wasting her prayers to all seven Gods on him. For putting the needs of this bastard boy over the needs of her family because of a moment of weakness. She saw how monstrous her behavior was reflected back at her from Jon<U+0092>s sick bed, and, instead of accepting that the death of one boy on her heart would be worth the price of safety for her sons, she crumbled. She made promises she shouldn<U+0092>t have out of guilt, and, when Jon recovered and she realized that she wouldn<U+0092>t be able to keep them, it was already too late.Cat<U+0092>s not guilty that she treated Jon Snow badly, she<U+0092>s upset because she had a moment of weakness 10 years ago. She<U+0092>s supposed to protect her family, and instead she chose to save the bastard boy by making false promises to the Gods. I truly believe that Cat believes all of this has been brought down on her family NOT because of her cruelty to Jon after his recovery, but because she could not stand to bear the burden of his death. For Cat, that was the right thing, the Tully thing. Protect the family. Let the bastard die.And she couldn<U+0092>t do it.Ok, with this line of thinking Jamie throwing bran out of a window was right, warranted. Jamie only did it to protect Cersie and his children. Once the realm learned of their relationship, all would be lost. I can't see how people justify Cat's behavior towards Jon. Jon never did anything, if Cat could forgive and love Ned, why not Jon for her family, Ned and the stark kids?
1732	aedalia	2013-04-11	I think this scene also serves her eventual transition into Lady Stoneheart. I suspect the show won't give us enough time to understand what happened to Beric when he changed, so setting the table for unCat and her vengence early will be helpful to viewers. It sort of sets up LS as making up for mistakes, not just blind revenge on the Freys.
1733	JediShywalker	2013-04-11	Ok, with this line of thinking Jamie throwing bran out of a window was right, warranted. Jamie only did it to protect Cersie and his children. Once the realm learned of their relationship, all would be lost.I can't see how people justify Cat's behavior towards Jon. Jon never did anything, if Cat could forgive and love Ned, why not Jon for her family, Ned and the stark kids?I didn't say what she did was right or fair to Jon, just that the action fit in with her main motivation which has always been to protect her family. The point I was trying to make wasn't about whether Cat treated Jon was right or wrong, but why what she said in Sunday's episode didn't go against her character in the book.What I was saying was the point of the speech (IMO) wasn less about Cat's feelings toward Jon and more about her own guilt over her own shortcomings as a mother and as a Tully. She was supposed to protect her children (her trueborn children) above all others, and Jon was a threat to that. She prayed for him to die, but when she was faced with the monstrosity of what that meant, she got scared and backed out. To truly forever protect her sons from any potential threat to their claim, she should have let Jon die. Instead, she had a moment of weakness (of vanity) because she didn't want to be that monster who killed a child, and she prayed for him to live. She prayed and made promises not to save Jon as so much as her own image of herself.They were promises she never could have kept, and by making them and 'saving' Jon, she chose him over her own children. And now, those broken words (and any wrath they may have wrought) are (she believes) coming back to plague her and her family.It has nothing to do with her treatment of Jon Snow before or after his sickness (which was undeniably shitty-- something which Cat freely admits to), but about her failure to do what needed to be done to protect her family.And none of that has to do with the morality of her actions (or of Jaime's). In fact, it was her one moment of kindness, of compassion, that she believes screwed her over.
1734	David Selig	2013-04-11	Isn't the prejudice against bastards (that they are treacherous and all that) part of the doctrine of the Faith of the Seven? I seem to recall it being mentioned somewhere in the books though I might be misremembering...Anyway, if I am right, giving the bastard kid the cold shoulder is completely acceptable according to the faith. Or maybe I am totally misremembering, wouldn't be the first time...I think you'll probably find some disagreement with that.  Ned and Cat at least knew each other sufficiently that they were married and conceived a child together before Ned when off to war  I think that alone is going to create the basis for those feelings.I guess it's possible TV Cat become really obsessed with Ned really quickly (wasn't it mentioned somewhere he left her on the next day after the wedding), but still, this makes her look really silly and irrational and plain unlikeable. Especially since she's supposed to be quite a bit older than in the books and the marriage must've happened when she was around 25. That totally irrational passion just doesn't fit her character as presented.I didn't say what she did was right or fair to Jon, just that the action fit in with her main motivation which has always been to protect her family. The point I was trying to make wasn't about whether Cat treated Jon was right or wrong, but why what she said in Sunday's episode didn't go against her character in the book.What I was saying was the point of the speech (IMO) wasn less about Cat's feelings toward Jon and more about her own guilt over her own shortcomings as a mother and as a Tully. She was supposed to protect her children (her trueborn children) above all others, and Jon was a threat to that. She prayed for him to die, but when she was faced with the monstrosity of what that meant, she got scared and backed out. To truly forever protect her sons from any potential threat to their claim, she should have let Jon die. Instead, she had a moment of weakness (of vanity) because she didn't want to be that monster who killed a child, and she prayed for him to live. But that's not how the speech went. It's plainly explained the reason Cat prayed for Jon's death wasn't to protect her family, but because she was jealous of his mother. I know that makes very little sense, but that's how it is."I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother.  A woman he didn't even know."
1735	JediShywalker	2013-04-11	But that's not how the speech went. It's plainly explained the reason Cat prayed for Jon's death wasn't to protect her family, but because she was jealous of his mother. I know that makes very little sense, but that's how it is.Ugh, I guess I was trying to repress that. I just really want to find a justification for what was a really bizarre scene...
1736	AliKat	2013-04-11	I know this scene has had a lot of people up in arms. I was mainly confused by it. Then I realized, Catelyn's totally depressed. She has nothing right now. And often when everything is going wrong, you look for reasons 'why is this happening?' Talisa asked her if she had ever made that scary craft thing before and she remembered she had made one for Jon. That's what brought the incident to mind. And since she's depressed she was just like 'that's probably why everything bad is happening to my family. Because I broke my word to the Seven'. When Robb told her about her father, she made a comment about wearing manicles to his funeral. She's just broken right now and everything reminds her of something else horrible going on.I'm curious whether the non-book readers who only watched the show, felt more sympathy for her or less. Because I'm not sure if it was meant to make her look better or worse. One thing I noticed is that when Talisa approached her and offered her help, she gave her the evil death glare she gave Jon in episode 1. So in my mind, Lady Stark is not even attempting to be civil to Talisa either where in the books she was kind to Jeyne. I think this shows that Catelyn - right now - is so depressed, she doesn't know what to do with herself to make anything better. She's not even attempting to make things better with Robb, the only child with her, by being kind to his new wife. She's just hopeless right now and I don't think anything she really says out of that hopelessness is a character trait. Its just depression and morbid thoughts.
1737	Rapsie	2013-04-11	Ouch ouch ouch. Just watched that scene and it was just painful. They really have butchered Cat's character.
1738	teemo	2013-04-11	the "all because I was jealous of his mother" line sounds very...modern or something. doesn't really strike me as even a mindset women in westeros would have regarding the mother of their husband's bastard.
1739	Prince of the North	2013-04-11	Yes, and I hope some more emphasis is put on the fact that in a feudal system, such as that of ASoIaF, bastards among the nobility are very, very dangerous.  As we saw in the books, a large part of Cat's dislike/distrust/distance/coldness toward Jon was not necessarily personal at all.  As Cat tells Robb when they are talking about Robb legitimizing Jon and making him his heir - she says that they may not have to worry about Jon because he's a great guy or whatever but what about his children or grandchildren?  She's a noblewoman in a feudal society and as such she has to be concerned with her own children's status, position, etc.  Jon, just by his very existence, represents a very real threat to all of that.I hope we get a pretty faithful rendition of that conversation between Robb and Cat about his considering making Jon his heir.
1740	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-11	I don't understand why people are so willing to concede that "It should've been you" was an isolated incident brought about by extreme stress, yet they're not willing to attribute the same premise for this scene. The point being that Cat is prone to being irrational when she's under a great amount of stress. Essentially, she says crazy shit when shit hits the fan.
1741	Minsc	2013-04-11	I don't understand why people are so willing to concede that "It should've been you" was an isolated incident brought about by extreme stress, yet they're not willing to attribute the same premise for this scene. The point being that Cat is prone to being irrational when she's under a great amount of stress. Essentially, she says crazy shit when shit hits the fan.The thing is there was no crazy stress/grief that led her to pray for Jon's death that is talked about in this scene.
1742	David Selig	2013-04-11	Yes, and I hope some more emphasis is put on the fact that in a feudal system, such as that of ASoIaF, bastards among the nobility are very, very dangerous.  As we saw in the books, a large part of Cat's dislike/distrust/distance/coldness toward Jon was not necessarily personal at all.  As Cat tells Robb when they are talking about Robb legitimizing Jon and making him his heir - she says that they may not have to worry about Jon because he's a great guy or whatever but what about his children or grandchildren?  She's a noblewoman in a feudal society and as such she has to be concerned with her own children's status, position, etc.  Jon, just by his very existence, represents a very real threat to all of that.I hope we get a pretty faithful rendition of that conversation between Robb and Cat about his considering making Jon his heir.I am almost sure they'd turn this scene around and now Cat will ask Robb to make Jon his heir and legitimise him. It'd make sense in the show after the scene in this episode. Cat trying to make up for the past mistakes, etc, etc...
1743	jugdesh258	2013-04-11	I am almost sure they'd turn this scene around and now Cat will ask Robb to make Jon his heir and legitimise him. It'd make sense in the show after the scene in this episode. Cat trying to make up for the past mistakes, etc, etc...Can't see it since the context of Jon being legitimized really only comes up when Rob is gone.  We still entertain the idea that Robb has an heir in the present book storyline.  That can happen in the show....  and it seems that Bran and Ricken will remain missing.In seems obvious that Cats feeling for Jon seem out of her character the whole time so it is leading to something redeeming.  If it is not the suggestion that Cat saves Jon as mentioned.....  I think it is likely Jon has to put Cat down y'know out of kindness because of the monster she has become so her soul is grateful to him and all....blah.    Either Jon or Bran will have to do this in my opinion
1744	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-11	I think what some ppl have to understand is that based on the values and customs of the Westeros society Cat had every right to not want Jon around and really shouldn't have had to put up with that. But(and this is a big but) there's an underlining issue that's much deeper for Cat than just simply the customs of Westeros:"Whoever Jon's mother had been, Ned must have loved her fiercely, for nothing Catelyn said would persuade him to send the boy away. It was the one thing she could never forgive him." Cat GOT chapter 6Yes Cat resents Jon because he's a bastard at Winterfell that she sees as a possible threat to her children's inheritance.  But the real issue for her is why he's there, meaning in Cat's opinion the fact that Ned refused to send Jon away must have meant that he loved Jon's mother immensely.  Which is something that Cat obviously felt extremely jealous about.  She uses the customs and history of Westeros along with her children as frontal justifications for her resentment of Jon.  But the true main reason for her resentment is the jealousy she has based on her own preconception of how much Ned must have loved Jon's mother, which she is reminded of everytime she sees Jon who looks more like Ned than any of her children.Which means her resentment has a lot more to do with Ned than it does Jon, yet she seems to focus all of her resentment towards Jon instead of having the courage to express her anger/feelings towards the real person responsible for her resentment which is Ned.  Which some ppl understandably see as cowardly behavior from a woman who had proven time and time again in the series that she was not afraid to voice her opinion against powerful men.  I mean I understand Ned scared her when she asked about Ashara when she first got to Winterfell but she didn't really know Ned very well or what he was capable of at that point in time. But after 14 years of marriage she had to have known Ned was not the type to use cruelty towards a woman and certainly not his own wife so what was she so afraid of?  It's not like after 14 years of marriage with the guy she thought Ned was actually gonna strike her down or something, it just seems kind of cowardly to me. Which is why I think the show so far and this scene in 3x2 specifically is doing a much better job of showing the true motive behind Cat's resentment towards Jon, which is her misplaced jealousy of Ned's love for Jon's mother.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 11 April 2013 - 07:18 PM.
1745	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-11	The thing is there was no crazy stress/grief that led her to pray for Jon's death that is talked about in this scene.Well, now we're talking about a different facet of the scene. I never know which line in her speech we're dissecting. I was still commenting on the notion that Cat should/shouldn't feel responsible for Jon, and whether the idea is as irrational as anything else she's said while under stress.Who really knows the scenario in which Cat would pray for Jon to die? We're not privy to it and we can't begin to write our own versions of what brought her prayer about. We know at one point she wished him to die because we have it in our texts. Also, we know, at one point in the show's timeline, Cat had prayed that the baby would die. There needs to come a point where you have to wonder if something -- a line -- is abstract enough to be open to large amounts of interpretation, thus making it not so completely black/white and detrimental to anything.I guess my point is that the speech could be explained away in any number of scenarios. As such, it's not necessarily something that makes/breaks Cat, or IMO, so totally distances herself from her book counterpart.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 11 April 2013 - 06:47 PM.
1746	JMJ	2013-04-11	I think what some ppl have to understand is that based on the values and customs of the Westeros society Cat had every right to not want Jon around and really shouldn't have had to put up with that. But(and this is a big but) there's an underlining issue that's much deeper for Cat than just simply the customs of Westeros:"Whoever Jon's mother had been, Ned must have loved her fiercely, for nothing Catelyn said would persuade him to send the boy away. It was the one thing she could never forgive him." Cat GOT chapter 6Yes Cat resents Jon because he's a bastard at Winterfell that she sees as a possible threat to her children's inheritance.  But the real issue for her is why he's there, meaning in Cat's opinion the fact that Ned refused to send Jon away must have meant that he loved Jon's mother immensely.  Which is something that Cat obviously felt extremely jealous about.  She uses the customs and history of Westeros along with her children as frontal justifications for her resentment of Jon.  But the true main reason for her resentment is the jealousy she has based on her own preconception of how much Ned must have loved Jon's mother, which she is reminded of everytime she sees Jon who looks more like Ned than any of her children.Which means her resentment has a lot more to do with Ned than it does Jon, yet she seems to focus all of her resentment towards Jon instead of having the courage to express her anger/feelings towards the real person responsible for her resentment which is Ned.  Which some ppl understandably see as cowardly behavior from a woman who had proven time and time again in the series that she was not afraid to voice her opinion against powerful men.  I mean I understand Ned scared her when she asked about Ashara when she first got to Winterfell but she didn't really know Ned very well or what he was capable of at that point in time. But after 14 years of marriage she had to have known Ned was not the type to use cruelty towards a woman and certainly not his own wife so what was she so afraid of?  It's not like after 14 years of marriage with the guy she thought Ned was actually gonna strike her down or something, it just seems kind of cowardly to me. Which is why I think the show so far and this scene in 3x2 specifically is doing a much better job of showing the true motive behind Cat's resentment towards Jon, which is her misplaced jealousy of Ned's love for Jon's mother.Yes, this. One thing that seems to have been forgotten (other than your post) is that a lot of Cat's feelings and thoughts are underneath directed at Ned. Because at first Westeros customs and Cat's sense of duty probably preclude her from directly confronting Ned, she transfers her anger and negative vibes from Ned to Jon. Later on, by the time of this scene, Ned's now dead, so she still cannot directly deal with her feelings towards Ned for (what she assumes is) his love for another woman.
1747	SerMixalot	2013-04-11	I think what some ppl have to understand is that based on the values and customs of the Westeros society Cat had every right to not want Jon around and really shouldn't have had to put up with that. But(and this is a big but) there's an underlining issue that's much deeper for Cat than just simply the customs of Westeros:"Whoever Jon's mother had been, Ned must have loved her fiercely, for nothing Catelyn said would persuade him to send the boy away. It was the one thing she could never forgive him." Cat GOT chapter 6Yes Cat resents Jon because he's a bastard at Winterfell that she sees as a possible threat to her children's inheritance.  But the real issue for her is why he's there, meaning in Cat's opinion the fact that Ned refused to send Jon away must have meant that he loved Jon's mother immensely.  Which is something that Cat obviously felt extremely jealous about.  She uses the customs and history of Westeros along with her children as frontal justifications for her resentment of Jon.  But the true main reason for her resentment is the jealousy she has based on her own preconception of how much Ned must have loved Jon's mother, which she is reminded of everytime she sees Jon who looks more like Ned than any of her children.Which means her resentment has a lot more to do with Ned than it does Jon, yet she seems to focus all of her resentment towards Jon instead of having the courage to express her anger/feelings towards the real person responsible for her resentment which is Ned.  Which some ppl understandably see as cowardly behavior from a woman who had proven time and time again in the series that she was not afraid to voice her opinion against powerful men.  I mean I understand Ned scared her when she asked about Ashara when she first got to Winterfell but she didn't really know Ned very well or what he was capable of at that point in time. But after 14 years of marriage she had to have known Ned was not the type to use cruelty towards a woman and certainly not his own wife so what was she so afraid of?  It's not like after 14 years of marriage with the guy she thought Ned was actually gonna strike her down or something, it just seems kind of cowardly to me. Which is why I think the show so far and this scene in 3x2 specifically is doing a much better job of showing the true motive behind Cat's resentment towards Jon, which is her misplaced jealousy of Ned's love for Jon's mother.However, no matter how much she asked or stood up to her husband that is not going to loosen Ned's lips.
1748	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-11	However, no matter how much she asked or stood up to her husband that is not going to loosen Ned's lips.First of all she didn't know that because she only approached the subject once, and second of all regardless of if Ned talks to her about it or not it still doesn't change the fact that it's just plain cowardly/wrong to take her resentment/anger at Ned and aim it all towards Jon who had no say in the matter whatsoever, and there's just really no denying that anyway you look at it..
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 11 April 2013 - 09:23 PM.
1749	jotabe1789	2013-04-11	Which means her resentment has a lot more to do with Ned than it does Jon, yet she seems to focus all of her resentment towards Jon instead of having the courage to express her anger/feelings towards the real person responsible for her resentment which is Ned.  Which some ppl understandably see as cowardly behavior from a woman who had proven time and time again in the series that she was not afraid to voice her opinion against powerful men.  I mean I understand Ned scared her when she asked about Ashara when she first got to Winterfell but she didn't really know Ned very well or what he was capable of at that point in time. But after 14 years of marriage she had to have known Ned was not the type to use cruelty towards a woman and certainly not his own wife so what was she so afraid of?I agree with your post. But i don't think it was lack of courage, or some bodily fear what made her deflect her resentment of Ned towards Jon. I think it was the fact that she had grown to love Ned. So, on one hand, she loves him, on the other she resents him for not sending Jon away, and that resentment is even bigger because she loves Ned. But loving Ned is exactly what prevents her from directing her resentment to Ned. So it goes to the immediately next person in the resentment "succession line", Jon. With the added benefit that society is expecting her to resent him and will give her slack for that.
1750	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-11	I agree with your post. But i don't think it was lack of courage, or some bodily fear what made her deflect her resentment of Ned towards Jon. I think it was the fact that she had grown to love Ned. So, on one hand, she loves him, on the other she resents him for not sending Jon away, and that resentment is even bigger because she loves Ned. But loving Ned is exactly what prevents her from directing her resentment to Ned. So it goes to the immediately next person in the resentment "succession line", Jon. With the added benefit that society is expecting her to resent him and will give her slack for that.Oh I agree that her love for Ned was definitely a factor but that doesn't make the way she handled things any more right or wrong.  The simple fact of it is she took her anger and resentment of Ned and put it all on Jon regardless of her reasons that just isn't right.  Also if anything I think her growing love of Ned probably intensified her jealousy.  I mean think about it, the more she loved Ned the more she couldn't stand the fact that Ned "Must have fiercly loved Jon's mother".  And everytime she saw Jon she was reminded that the man she was madly in love with(Ned) had immensely loved Jon's mother to the point of refusing to send him away from Winterfell leading Cat to believe Jon's mother was still in Ned's memory/heart, which is something that Cat admits obviously pissed her off.  So again she's taking the anger she had for her husband and is aiming that as resentment towards Jon who had no control over the situation.  I'm sorry but anyway you spin it, it's still just plain wrong to do.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 11 April 2013 - 11:45 PM.
1751	jotabe1789	2013-04-12	So again she's taking the anger she had for her husband and is aiming that as resentment towards Jon who had no control over the situation.  I'm sorry but anyway you spin it, it's still just plain wrong to do.Oh, i quite agree, it's wrong of Cat to take it out on Jon. What i mean is that it's also a very human thing to do. There is no fear, and no inherent meanness or maliciousness, just very complicated feelings that make us do things... we regret deeply, which is why this scene was powerful, for me.She kept redirecting her resentment to Jon, but at some level she could feel it was wrong too, and those negative feelings spiral out of control to the point that she wishes the child dies. Not really wishing him bodily harm, just wishing him away. And then she gets her wish.It's hard not to empatize with her guilt.
1752	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-12	Oh, i quite agree, it's wrong of Cat to take it out on Jon. What i mean is that it's also a very human thing to do. There is no fear, and no inherent meanness or maliciousness, just very complicated feelings that make us do things... we regret deeply, which is why this scene was powerful, for me.She kept redirecting her resentment to Jon, but at some level she could feel it was wrong too, and those negative feelings spiral out of control to the point that she wishes the child dies. Not really wishing him bodily harm, just wishing him away. And then she gets her wish.It's hard not to empatize with her guilt.Oh trust me my friend I agree with you.  I said in one of my earlier post on this thread that I absolutely loved the scene and thought it was extremely powerful. I was just making a point that a lot of ppl are using the Westeros customs and society rules as Cat's ultimate justification for her actions as if it's some impenetrable shield of reasoning that can't be argued with and if this was truly all there was to her situation then I would agree with it but it's not, and it's pretty clear that Cat's resentment of Jon goes a lot deeper than that and is truly about the jealousy she feels of Ned loving another woman aka Jon's mother.  Once again I think the TV series is doing a much better job than the books did at exploring/showing the true motive of her resentment and the fact that she acknowledges and accepts that it was wrong, to me makes the scene that much better and allows Cat to be seen in a sympathetic light to the fans in a way the book never really did in terms of her relationship with Jon.  Please don't get me wrong I'm a huge Cat supporter, but I'm not gonna pretend like she did nothing wrong in the way she handled her situation with Jon because it's clear she did.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 12 April 2013 - 02:53 PM.
1753	teemo	2013-04-12	Robb hasn't talked about legitimizing Jon to Cat yet in the show, right?
1754	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Robb hasn't talked about legitimizing Jon to Cat yet in the show, right?Nope! It will be interesting to see if they do the same fake-out in the books where they cut away right when Robb says "OK guys, I got something to tells ya!" and we have to just guess what that is.
1755	Rapsie	2013-04-12	In terms of non- book readers' reactions, my other half hasn't read the books and that scene made him dislike Cat more. I don't know how others have viewed it though!
1756	David Selig	2013-04-12	In terms of non- book readers' reactions, my other half hasn't read the books and that scene made him dislike Cat more. I don't know how others have viewed it though!That's shocking. Who'd have thought that a character admitting to praying for a baby's death because she was jealous of his (probably dead already) mum would make people dislike the character more...
1757	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	That's shocking. Who'd have thought that a character admitting to praying for a baby's death because she was jealous of his (probably dead already) mum would make people dislike the character more...Maybe they weren't trying to make her more sympathetic, like you keep saying...
1758	Rapsie	2013-04-12	That's shocking. Who'd have thought that a character admitting to praying for a baby's death because she was jealous of his (probably dead already) mum would make people dislike the character more...I know, go figure? Eh. I actually can't think how they thought that scene could have been interpreted well.
1759	Rapsie	2013-04-12	Maybe they weren't trying to make her more sympathetic, like you keep saying...Only it made her less sympathetic, not more.
1760	David Selig	2013-04-12	Maybe they weren't trying to make her more sympathetic, like you keep saying...I never said that. In fact I questioned this claim like 5 times already in this thread....
1761	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-12	Sometimes I think that this scene will only make people hate Catelyn more when they read the books, because she never fealt guilty about wishing for him to die. Even though this obviously never happens in the books, and she rightfully doesnt have to feel guilty about it.
1762	SeanF	2013-04-12	Although it relates to Season 2, it still affects how viewers see Catelyn.  Her decision to free Jaime was made to seem very capricious, by omitting the dialogue between the two of them, and by having her free him immediately after he'd carried out two murders.  At one point, I really did think that (TV Series)  Robb was going to order his mother's execution!
					
					
							Edited by SeanF, 12 April 2013 - 08:15 AM.
1763	Sun	2013-04-12	Although it relates to Season 2, it still affects how viewers see Catelyn.  Her decision to free Jaime was made to seem very capricious, by omitting the dialogue between the two of them, and by having her free him immediately after he'd carried out two murders.  At one point, I really did think that (TV Series)  Robb was going to order his mother's execution!Exactly. That's the main reason my group hates Cat, they still see it as an act of utter stupidity and selfishness. As for the reaction to the scene, I and my non-reader cousin both reached for the tissues while watching... with a bit of a sad giggle.
1764	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	I know, go figure? Eh.I actually can't think how they thought that scene could have been interpreted well.I thought it was fantastic, and many others thought so as well.But you know, some people don't like italian food and some people can't get enough spaghetti.
1765	SeanF	2013-04-12	I thought it was fantastic, and many others thought so as well.But you know, some people don't like italian food and some people can't get enough spaghetti.Does it make Catelyn more sympathetic, to you and your friends, or less sympathetic?
1766	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Does it make Catelyn more sympathetic, to you and your friends, or less sympathetic?It didn't make her any more or less sympathetic to me personally.EDIT: What this scene said to me was that Catelyn is a human being with conflicting emotions like everyone else, not that she deserves more or less sympathy.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 09:03 AM.
1767	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	It didn't make her any more or less sympathetic to me personally.EDIT: What this scene said to me was that Catelyn is a human being with conflicting emotions like everyone else, not that she deserves more or less sympathy.Yep exactly... In the book you get that sense because it is her PoV you are hearing. I really liked the scene, although there was no danger of me accidentally liking her or feeling sorry for her. Book Cat lost me with the release of Ser Jaime.There will be those who will be less sympathetic to her and that is being used as a mechanism for setting up an emotional roller-coaster for the events that will come later this series.
1768	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-12	That's shocking. Who'd have thought that a character admitting to praying for a baby's death because she was jealous of his (probably dead already) mum would make people dislike the character more...But you have to factor into that non-reader calculus that they omitted the "it should have been you" line from the books.  That was a very big deal for a lot of readers who have essentially hated her character because of the "it should have been you" line.  By omitting that line, the show made Catelyn a more sympathetic, less vindictive character than in the books.  So it's hardly a surprise that when non-readers see a side of Catelyn they never saw before, they may see her less sympathetically than they did before.Really, what the show did was show that side of Catelyn a bit differently, and later in the narrative.  That may have been a deliberate decision because even Martin was surprised by the vitriol directed at Catelyn because of that.  I'm guessing the showrunners skippe that line because they didn't want to scar Catelyn's character in the mind of viewers, who wouldn't have the benefit of Martin's later clarification that this was a unique event. They'd just hate her for it, and that wasn't Martin's intent in presenting the character.So, they wait until the 3rd season to show the depth of animosity she had towards Jon at times, but balance that past cruelty by showing that she knows it was wrong and regrets it.How each of us readers interprets that compared to the books is likely to be vary as much as the individual reactions we all had to book Catelyn.  Some of us really liked her (I'm one of those), and some really, really hated her.  Given the variance in reactions to book Cat, it's natural that there is disagreement over whether HBO Cat is generally consistent with book Cat.  And I don't think there is a right or wrong answer to that.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 12 April 2013 - 01:53 PM.
1769	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-12	It didn't make her any more or less sympathetic to me personally.EDIT: What this scene said to me was that Catelyn is a human being with conflicting emotions like everyone else, not that she deserves more or less sympathy.Same for me as well.  I don't really think is would make sense for non-readers to see her more sympathetically, because prior to that scene, the negative aspects of her relationship with Jon were underplayed from the books.  This scene gave more of a sense that she really was not nice to him at all.For me personally, I think it pretty much balances with the book.  Her one-time comment to Jon was horrible, though it was only once, and we are told she did feel a pang of guilt later regarding Jon.  Praying for his death is terrible as well, but then, that is balanced by her then regretting it and staying up all night with him, and by the revelation that she regrets it so strongly now.  I personally can't manage a grudge/hatred for someone for wishing something nasty upon someone else 13 years ago, when they deeply regretted that action later, any more than I could manage a grudge for a cruel word a distraught mother says at her child's deathbed.Comes out in pretty much the same place to me, and I still like her as a very three-dimensional, human character.
1770	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-12	Isn't the prejudice against bastards (that they are treacherous and all that) part of the doctrine of the Faith of the Seven? I seem to recall it being mentioned somewhere in the books though I might be misremembering...Anyway, if I am right, giving the bastard kid the cold shoulder is completely acceptable according to the faith. Or maybe I am totally misremembering, wouldn't be the first time...I don't think so, though I suppose it is possible.  If it were, then there would have been a negative reaction from religious types to Bolton keeping the bastard, or to Robert acknowleding Edric Storm.  And, we'd likely have heard seen something from Cat about how her treatment of Jon is proper according to the gods, etc..I guess it's possible TV Cat become really obsessed with Ned really quickly (wasn't it mentioned somewhere he left her on the next day after the wedding), but still, this makes her look really silly and irrational and plain unlikeable.Well,, maybe it makes her look silly and irrational to you, but I think our reactions to that are pretty idiosyncratic as well.  And though Cat is older on the show, so is Ned, and there's no reason for an audience to infer that both weren't young when they were married. A wife being jealous of another woman her husband had a child with doesn't seem like an unusual reaction in the least to me.  Also, Catelyn's remark about jealousy seems to have covered the period of her whole marriage, long after she'd gotten to know Ned really well.  But you could tell that always was between them, and it would have hurt given Ned's refusal to ever say who she was.  I mean, why wouldn't he, unless he still harbored some secret feelings for her or her memory.  I could see a lot of women, and men for that matter, feeling jealousy about a past lover whom the cheating spouse refuses to even identify or discuss.In the books, Catelyn apparently was asking around Winterfell about who the woman was with whom Ned cheated.  I'd suggest that the fact that she was asking around about her identity is itself indicative of a certain level of jealousy.  When she found out that it was Ashara Dayne, who was renowned throughout Westeros for her great beauty, I think a suggestion of jealousy is right in the wheelhouse of normal behavior.
1771	jotabe1789	2013-04-13	It didn't make her any more or less sympathetic to me personally.EDIT: What this scene said to me was that Catelyn is a human being with conflicting emotions like everyone else, not that she deserves more or less sympathy.Well, that's what i understand that "making her more sympathetic" means. Because they show her deeper conflicting emotions one can connect with her emotional state easier. But not necesarily thinking that she deserves more sympathy, or that her actions are morally better.It's like saying that The Downfall made Hitler more sympathetic, but didn't earn more sympathy for him /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1772	David Selig	2013-04-13	In the books, Catelyn apparently was asking around Winterfell about who the woman was with whom Ned cheated.  I'd suggest that the fact that she was asking around about her identity is itself indicative of a certain level of jealousy.  When she found out that it was Ashara Dayne, who was renowned throughout Westeros for her great beauty, I think a suggestion of jealousy is right in the wheelhouse of normal behavior. Sure, a certain level of jealousy is completely normal. But the extreme level of jealousy required for the "pray for a baby's death out of jealousy towards his dead mother" act is hard to believe in those circumstances, at least IMO.I don't think so, though I suppose it is possible.  If it were, then there would have been a negative reaction from religious types to Bolton keeping the bastard, or to Robert acknowleding Edric Storm.  And, we'd likely have heard seen something from Cat about how her treatment of Jon is proper according to the gods, etc..I found the quote I was thinking of. It's from The Sworn Sword, so I'll put it in spoiler tags just in case, though it isn't really relevant for its plot.
	Spoiler <U+0080><U+009C>The old High Septon told my father that king<U+0080><U+0099>s laws are one thing, and the laws of the gods another,<U+0080><U+009D> the boy said stubbornly. <U+0080><U+009C>Trueborn children are made in a marriage bed and blessed by the Father and the Mother, but bastards are born of lust and weakness, he said. King Aegon decreed that his bastards were not bastards, but he could not change their nature. The High Septon said all bastards are born to betrayal . . . Daemon Blackfyre, Bittersteel, even Bloodraven. Lord Rivers was more cunning than the other two, he said, but in the end he would prove himself a traitor, too. The High Septon counseled my father never to put any trust in him, nor in any other bastards, great or small.<U+0080><U+009D>
1773	Jojosh	2013-04-14	It made Cat really sympathetic because look how down she is. Hating Jon snow and putting it in the context of how its led her here in the show is brilliant
1774	HouseLark	2013-04-14	I'm kind of late to this party but I can't go along with those that think this scene killed Cat's character. TV Cat is just a fundamentally different character from the books, she has been from the start. My reading of Cat has always been as a sort of rational Cersei in that she knows she could be a good "Lord" and is somewhat frustrated by the limitations that Westerosi society places on women. But where Cersei rails against that Catelyn accepts it as the way of things and tries to make her way in the world through accepted methods and so we see how she influences Ned quietly, and I'm assuming, wisely, since Ned readily accepts Cat's advice. We later see her doing the same with Robb and it's also apparent that the other Northern Lords accept Cat as an authority figure and don't dismiss her input. Now, that's only part of her character (as well as the standard mother, daughter, wife roles) but it's arguably the most interesting. Unfortunately, the show has discarded almost all of that and the only scene that I can remembering which TV Cat acted in accordance with Book Cat is in that first meeting with Renly when she administers a dressing down first to the whole Baratheon-Tyrell entourage then to Renly himself.
This new "Jon Snow with the pox" scene doesn't really damage Cat, it is in fact quite in-keeping with how the show has portrayed the character so far. By turns it softens Cat and hardens her for the viewer and ultimately, it papers over the crack made by the omission of the "it should have been you" line from the first season.
I suppose what I'm saying, in short, is that this new scene did not remove a layer of complexity from Cat, she has just never been a particularly complex character in the show and it's late in the game to expect anything different now. I do obviously miss Book Cat but I've accepted from pretty early on that GoT is an adaptation with all that implies. Some characters were always going to suffer. On the positive side, Michelle Fairley is doing a great job with the material she has been given.
1775	The Night's Prince	2013-04-14	The scene was stupid because Jon is a Targaryen and even discussing the possibility of having his name changed to Stark is ludicrous. Before anyone says anything about Robb's Will, it's only purpose is to add to the reveal that Jon is Rhagaer's son when Jon denies the will and his legitimacy.
1776	Keishi of Oldstones	2013-04-15	So, what did you think of this scene?  I know most people hated it - but what is the point of it?  Is it to to really emphasize that connection Jon still has to the Starks and that he can be legitimized at one point?  I personally didn't like the change because it didn't feel like something that Cat would ever think, but I'm curious what others think...EDIT: here is the whole dialogue:"I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall.  Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox.  Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live, it would be a very long night.  So I sat with him all through the darkness.  Listened to his ragged little breathes.  His coughing, his whimpering.[Which boy?]Jon Snow.  When my husband brought that baby home from the war I couldn't bear to look at him.  I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me.  So I prayed to the gods, take him away.  Make him die.  He got the pox.  And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived.  A murderer.  I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother.  A woman he didn't even know.  So I pray to all seven gods, let the boy live.  Let him live, and I'lll love him.  I'll be a mother to him.  I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it.  To make him one of us.  [And he lived?]And he lived.  And I couldn't keep my promise.  And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family, it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child."EDIT: i'm quoting Francis Buck from another thread, because I think it's interesting:Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).Thats how I took that moment as a foreshadowing things to come like maybe Lady Stoneheart will want Jon as her champion and that Jon may finally get the love and recognition he always wanted from Lady Stoneheart he never got from Cat
1777	Batman	2013-04-16	Just felt like a five minute waste of time
1778	Valya of Myr	2013-04-17	What the fuck have they done with Cat.That's all I can manage right now. I'll try again later.I know right, I hated that too. Catelyn is a lovely mother, but a real bitch to Jon. Didnt forget about Cat telling Jon he should have fallen instead of Bran :
1779	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-19	I don't understand all this hate... I loved the scene, for many reasons; it reminded the non-readers about the mistery of jon's true parentage, and I started thinking that if jon really died at the end of ADWD, maybe she could be the one that resurrects him because she regrets for what she did to him(btw I still think that jon's not dead, and that he's not a targ)
1780	Khal Porno	2013-04-21	Catelyn is a lovely mother, but a real bitch to Jon. Didnt forget about Cat telling Jon he should have fallen instead of Bran :I think that was the point of the scene.  So I don't understand why you hated it.
1781	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	when I first watched the scene I was furious, I hated it and would spit on it if I could.. I have since calmed down about the whole thing and have come to understand it better. it humanises Cat a bit more for the strictly viewers, it reaffirms her hard feelings for Jon that she has now (yes she felt bad and wanted to mother a dying small child-possibly baby, but the feelings wore off as soon as he was well) after seeing him grow into a man-almost she has no love in herself for him. I found Jons memories of Cat, when he copped a knock to the head while training with another brother of the nightswatch, to be very interesting when joined to this scene, the looks Cat would give him every time he had an achievement, every time he bested Robb at sword play, or when learning letters. she hated him more and more as he aged because he was good at what he did and she saw him as a danger to HER son. its easy to feel sorry for a small harmless child but when the child is growing into a strong clever man its east to hate him with all the fierceness a protective mother could muster. this scene IMO could also be setting us up for a encounter in TWOW. I also understand now that Cat wasn't claiming that if she loved Jon all these bad things wouldn't have happened, but more that if she hadn't made such a promise to the god and then break it, the gods would not have cursed her family and herself.
1782	Broken Fox	2014-01-19	She had that thought in a moment of desperation and extreme personal shame. Not out of love. It's just about being a responsible, decent person. Deep down Cat knows she's wrong, but she can't help it. The feelings are too strong. That's what that scene was about.

					
					
							Edited by Broken Fox, 19 January 2014 - 11:27 PM.
1783	sifth	2014-01-19	I just can't bring myself to forgive Cat for her treatment of Jon. Was it the worst thing to happen in this series, not even remotely close, but right is right and wrong is wrong. Even though I can somewhat understand why she hated the boy, it doesn't make the hate right. Probably was just her Tully entitlement issue, that her sons were the only ones that mattered
1784	Jon's Queen Consort	2014-02-12	I think that this was a brilliant scene. I am one of those who dislike Cat and her relationship with Jon is one of the reasons. But I think that at this scene she was almost human when she said
all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn<U+0080><U+0099>t even know.


seems to understand what she has done. It's a pity that it wasn't in the books.
1785	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-08	In Brans opening dream he sees the three eyed crow(or raven I suppose) and then Jojen tells him he can't kill it because it is him.
I've always thought that Blood Raven might be a conduit so bran could get to him and use the weirnet to go to himself in dreams and awaken his power.
Show seems to be insinuating this.
1786	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-09	Butter bumps.
1787	Kienn	2013-04-09	Just seemed like a writer got lazy and decided the whole raven thing was too hard to explain well on screen so just shot off a cliche to end it.
Personally I blame the actor who plays Jojen, that guy was in like 50 cliche kids fantasy movies in the past 10 years, it's probably warped his mind and so he suggested it.
1788	victim	2013-04-09	Personally I blame the actor who plays Jojen, that guy was in like 50 cliche kids fantasy movies in the past 10 years, it's probably warped his mind and so he suggested it.I highly - HIGHLY - doubt that is the case.
1789	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-09	This sentence does seem to conflict with what we know from the book on the first look, namely that Bloodraven impersonates a three eyed crow to guide Bran. But on a second thought, there are several situations where this could prove to be true. For example, we know from Bloodraven talking about the Weirwoods that they don't know time, but simultaneously see themselves as a little sapling to a big ass tree. If you see Bran as Bloodravens successor, then Bran is the three eyed crow.
It's a jarring sentence for sure in the show, but I guess we need to wait 1 to 2 seasons at least to find out more on it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1790	Sun	2013-04-09	The line struck me as strange. It made me wonder if perhaps the show is planning to dispense with BloodRaven all together. But I'm probably making too  much of it, I doubt they're thinking that far ahead in terms of character elimination.
1791	Prince of the North	2013-04-09	Yes, this worried me when I first saw it and I'm still worried.  I think there is a pretty good chance they are going to simply treat the "Three-Eyed Crow/Raven" as a sort of spirit guide for Bran and write Bloodraven out completely.  On the other hand, maybe they wanted to make an even more obvious allusion to it being Bloodraven so they changed the word "Crow" (which hinted at a brother of the NW) to Raven (which hints at Bloodraven, of course)?  I sincerely hope it's the latter!
ETA: I hope you're right, Sun!
					
					
							Edited by Prince of the North, 09 April 2013 - 09:02 AM.
1792	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-09	For example, we know from Bloodraven talking about the Weirwoods that they don't know time, but simultaneously see themselves as a little sapling to a big ass tree. If you see Bran as Bloodravens successor, then Bran is the three eyed crow.This was my interpretation as well.
1793	Warhawk137	2013-04-09	Yeah, might be worth appending that with "for a certain value of 'you'." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1794	Andy Wefald	2013-04-09	I always thought Bloodraven was the three-eyed crow so this line in the show struck me as odd as well.
*first post!
					
					
							Edited by Andy Wefald, 09 April 2013 - 09:46 AM.
1795	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	I think that they have decided to cut Bloodraven, and I can understand why they'd do this. Having the haouse of the mythical Children of the Forest presided by a rooted albino with a huge bloodstain without explaining who he is would confuse viewers. And explaining Bloodraven would take too much time. 
It's far easier to give his lines to some kind of Children leader.
1796	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-09	I think that they have decided to cut Bloodraven, and I can understand why they'd do this. Having the haouse of the mythical Children of the Forest presided by a rooted albino with a huge bloodstain without explaining who he is would confuse viewers. And explaining Bloodraven would take too much time.It's far easier to give his lines to some kind of Children leader.All they have is extra time when it comes to Brans arc.  Unless they're just going to show him walking for the next 4 years.
1797	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-09	I thought it was predicting that he will be Bloodravens succesor.
1798	The hairy bear	2013-04-09	All they have is extra time when it comes to Brans arc.  Unless they're just going to show him walking for the next 4 years.Well, I'm convinced that S4 will include his ADWD material and afterwards Bran will be written out of the show, until he returns for the later seasons. He has like 8 chapters in ASOS+AFFC+ADWD. There's simply not material enough, and I don't see B&W inventing lots of material for him: he's not a fan favourite, he'll be alone in the far Norh, he's a cripple, and most importantly, they can't use him as an excuse to show some boobs.
1799	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-09	Well, I'm convinced that S4 will include his ADWD material and afterwards Bran will be written out of the show, until he returns for the later seasons. He has like 8 chapters in ASOS+AFFC+ADWD. There's simply not material enough, and I don't see B&W inventing lots of material for him: he's not a fan favourite, he'll be alone in the far Norh, he's a cripple, and most importantly, they can't use him as an excuse to show some boobs.Meera
1800	Prince of the North	2013-04-09	I think that they have decided to cut Bloodraven, and I can understand why they'd do this. Having the haouse of the mythical Children of the Forest presided by a rooted albino with a huge bloodstain without explaining who he is would confuse viewers. And explaining Bloodraven would take too much time.It's far easier to give his lines to some kind of Children leader.You make too much sense with this and I don't like it one bit! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />While I think Bloodraven/The Three-Eyed Crow is really great in ASoIaF I can definitely see why they would have to eliminate him from the series.  They constantly need to consolidate/eliminate characters in order to bring the story to the screen - it's just too massive!  Ah well, I just keep reminding myself that the show is not the books and enjoy both /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1801	Garlan Marius	2013-04-09	If Bloodraven ends up cut, we can put to rest rumors of Dark Sister coming back into play.
1802	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-09	I took Jojen's line about the Three Eyed Raven being Bran to mean........that particular Three Eyed Raven is Bran.
1803	Frumpus	2013-04-09	I highly - HIGHLY - doubt that is the case.can't you tell he was joking?Well, I'm convinced that S4 will include his ADWD material and afterwards Bran will be written out of the show, until he returns for the later seasons. He has like 8 chapters in ASOS+AFFC+ADWD. There's simply not material enough, and I don't see B&W inventing lots of material for him: he's not a fan favourite, he'll be alone in the far Norh, he's a cripple, and most importantly, they can't use him as an excuse to show some boobs.I agree that Bran is going to get written out after S4. He's just growing up too fast. I think Rickon will probably be killed off too since I highly doubt he's playing a major role in TWoW (because that's what EVERYONE expects and we all know GRRM likes to be less predictable).
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 09 April 2013 - 01:04 PM.
1804	TRAVYS	2013-04-09	It's a jarring sentence for sure in the show, but I guess we need to wait 1 to 2 seasons at least to find out more on it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />To me this is just another instance of the show runners dumbing down the book and using some Empire Strikes Back storytelling to make Bran's journey easier to understand.  Because, let's face it, the Bran/Bloodraven storyline is very complex -- at least it is for me. However, at least it's rooted (ha ha, get it) in things we see in the book series, unlike other scenes from this episode that were created from whole cloth by the writers.
					
					
							Edited by Travys, 09 April 2013 - 01:10 PM.
1805	shiola	2013-04-09	Well, I'm convinced that S4 will include his ADWD material and afterwards Bran will be written out of the show, until he returns for the later seasons. He has like 8 chapters in ASOS+AFFC+ADWD. There's simply not material enough, and I don't see B&W inventing lots of material for him: he's not a fan favourite, he'll be alone in the far Norh, he's a cripple, and most importantly, they can't use him as an excuse to show some boobs.I don't see how Bran can get written out of the show in a way that is believable..  BUt I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
1806	TRAVYS	2013-04-09	I agree that Bran is going to get written out after S4. He's just growing up too fast. I think Rickon will probably be killed off too since I highly doubt he's playing a major role in TWoW (because that's what EVERYONE expects and we all know GRRM likes to be less predictable).That's a good point.  You can always bring them back (like they did in Lost) and recast Rickon when he comes back into play -- which he will!
1807	darrylzero	2013-04-09	I think that they have decided to cut Bloodraven, and I can understand why they'd do this. Having the haouse of the mythical Children of the Forest presided by a rooted albino with a huge bloodstain without explaining who he is would confuse viewers. And explaining Bloodraven would take too much time.It's far easier to give his lines to some kind of Children leader.That could be, and I think the OP's theory could be true as well, but I'd bet they just don't want to get into it for now.  What if the show doesn't get to a sixth season?  Why make decisions now about how to handle stuff so far down the road if they can punt the issue without serious consequences?If they decide to explain and cast Bloodraven, they can always make the three-eyed crow/raven an aspect of Bran that Bloodraven was influencing or communicating through.  I'm not even sure that would be all that inaccurate.  Or they could probably just ignore what Jojen said entirely and no one would take much notice.
1808	Great Winter Knight	2013-04-09	I didn't get this line as well.  As I listened to the books I always pictured the 3 eyed crow as Bloodraven using the crow to connect with Bran.  I guess its is the writers way of speeding up the process of Bran discovering that he will be replacing the current "3 eyed crow".  To me it seems this season is blasting thru the book, but I guess they have to.  Though I am a big fan of them stretching the season out by a few more episodes.
1809	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-09	Given Brans lack of material but also the fact his story has the most super natural elements it would make sense I think for them to not cut Blood Raven and instead spend time having him fill in gaps about the blackfyres, golden company, old gods, etc 
The main issue is where GRRM intends to take this side of things in the books, so that by say season 4/5 there are not TWOW spoilers creeping in.
Brans story is huge, it has, I think, the largest implications. He's about to become a god like figure, or at least have almost god like powers, that's incredible in the context of the low fantasy world we are led to believe he lives in.
I doubt without a mentor like figure and a training montage(ha)that a tv audience would understand just how important Bran is or even how important blood raven is, without a lot more dialogue between them than there is in the books.
I've totally digressed, but to anyone else's knowledge has GRRM used time travel as a theme before? In his dream perhaps bran is that particular raven, but it also seems odd that the writers would make such a specific hit on theories that have been floating around for some time now...
1810	Tooms	2013-04-10	There will still be a BloodRaven, it's some way off but (like season 5 or 6). They won't introduce characters they don't have to deal with yet until they actually need them.
As for the three-eyed crow (eh raven) the symbolism is more important that the literal interpretation of it. If the third eye is a manifestation of Bran's abilities then it makes sense. 
Also given the change to the way Jojen is introduced, it doesn't take a genius to know that "someone" focussed Jojen on Bran ... That someone is likely the Bloodraven.
1811	StarkDragon	2013-04-10	This is gonna make a new (Bran is BloodRaven) crackpot theory start popping up.
Thanks show /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
1812	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-10	Haha
Not even my pot is that cracked..
1813	Warhawk137	2013-04-10	That pot is like Tyrion's cup in Episode 10 of the first season.
But seriously, it's premature to assume that Bloodraven is now completely cut.  More than one way to skin a cat.  Let's just wait and see, shall we?
1814	Prince of the North	2013-04-10	There will still be a BloodRaven, it's some way off but (like season 5 or 6). They won't introduce characters they don't have to deal with yet until they actually need them.As for the three-eyed crow (eh raven) the symbolism is more important that the literal interpretation of it. If the third eye is a manifestation of Bran's abilities then it makes sense.Also given the change to the way Jojen is introduced, it doesn't take a genius to know that "someone" focussed Jojen on Bran ... That someone is likely the Bloodraven.That pot is like Tyrion's cup in Episode 10 of the first season.But seriously, it's premature to assume that Bloodraven is now completely cut.  More than one way to skin a cat.  Let's just wait and see, shall we?I hope you're both right!  While I don't necessarily assume Bloodraven is written out already I do wish they would have foreshadowed him somewhere along the line already if he's going to make an appearance later.
1815	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-10	I really have a feeling that Bran's journey is going to be severely compressed. No Coldhands. I do think there will be Bloodraven, to pass the torch to Bran, but the whole environment of where he is and how he lives with the COTF will be simplified.
1816	StannisEndGame	2013-04-10	I thought the whole reason they changed it from a crow to a raven was to make it easier for people to connect the 2 when they introduced Bloodraven. So I'm expecting to see him
1817	Hoo	2013-04-10	This was handled really poorly imo.  We don't know who this Reed character is and why would Bran and Osha agree to follow him?  Who the heck is he and where are they going?  
"We've come a long way to find you, and we have a long way to go."
That's all we got, and the next thing we know they are chatting like they've known each other forever, walking on the same path as a troop to somewhere.  No one knows where.  
This scene from TV perspective is ridiculous imo.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 10 April 2013 - 05:13 PM.
1818	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Once again the writers committed character assassination. They kill more people than GRRM.
Doesn't mean i'll stop watching though.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 05:17 PM.
1819	further56	2013-04-10	Could this be a case of an unreliable narrator?  What I mean is that Jojen doesn't really know what the three-eyed Raven is, so he assumes it's Bran.
1820	MoAt	2013-04-10	This sentence does seem to conflict with what we know from the book on the first look, namely that Bloodraven impersonates a three eyed crow to guide Bran. But on a second thought, there are several situations where this could prove to be true. For example, we know from Bloodraven talking about the Weirwoods that they don't know time, but simultaneously see themselves as a little sapling to a big ass tree. If you see Bran as Bloodravens successor, then Bran is the three eyed crow.It's a jarring sentence for sure in the show, but I guess we need to wait 1 to 2 seasons at least to find out more on it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1821	MoAt	2013-04-10	This was handled really poorly imo.  We don't know who this Reed character is and why would Bran and Osha agree to follow him?  Who the heck is he and where are they going?  "We've come a long way to find you, and we have a long way to go."That's all we got, and the next thing we know they are chatting like they've known each other forever, walking on the same path as a troop to somewhere.  No one knows where.  This scene from TV perspective is ridiculous imo.Did you not have your sound on? Did you miss the opening scene where Bran dreams of Jojen? Did you miss Summer giving his approval and not ripping the Reeds to shreds? Did you miss Bran making the connection to Howland?Most importantly, did you miss Jojen saying his father told him nothing of the rebellion, but he saw it anyway? That's huge.
1822	Hoo	2013-04-10	Deus Ex machina
1823	insertname	2013-04-10	Deus Ex machinaCare to elaborate?
1824	Hoo	2013-04-10	Care to elaborate?Bran and Osha are stuck with nowhere to go, no purpose, hiding.  Measter Luwin bid them to go north to the wall.  Osha wants to go south away from the wall. That story line is dead.  But oh, look at this, here comes deus ex machina to save the irrelevant plot--Jojen and Meera--and now they are on the move to nowhere again.Not one viewer knows a single thing about Jojen or Meera.  Not one viewer knows where they are headed, but hey, they've come a long way for Bran and they have a long way to go.Osha's got her spear back and Bran is as comfortable with Jojen as if they grew up together.  WTF?!?  They trust them completely in their journey to long-way-to-go, even though they've been hiding from every stranger.This plot device was just ridiculous imo.    Sorry.
1825	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Ummm maybe stop crying?
It is interesting for most people who just like the TV show because it is a great show. And the way the Reeds showed up made them very mysterious. Some of you people really need something else to do jesus titty fucking christ the amount of bitching around here is through the roof.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 07:00 PM.
1826	insertname	2013-04-10	It's a plot device surely, but it's no Deus Ex Machina. In any case, it's just as much a plot device in the books, so if anything you have to complain to George about that.
1827	boojam	2013-04-10	I've always thought that Blood Raven might be a conduit so bran could get to him and use the weirnet to go to himself in dreams and awaken his power.The  weirnet! The wargnet!And the duck comes down, you said the secret word!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 10 April 2013 - 07:37 PM.
1828	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-11	...I did!?
1829	Dragon Doll	2013-04-11	Could this be a case of an unreliable narrator?  What I mean is that Jojen doesn't really know what the three-eyed Raven is, so he assumes it's Bran.That's pretty much what i assumed. Jojen is cleaver, but how could he really know what the Bloodraven is?Who would have really guessed that? I was working on (what i considered at the time to be) far-fetched theory that BR was a child of the forest (or the ghost of one). But i also have a hope that Drogo's coming back... so i never take my theories too seriously.
1830	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-11	Bloodraven? Where is that term mentioned in book 3...Oh shit, I'm only mid-way through book 4. I think I wandered in to a thread I shouldn't have. /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
1831	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-11	Ummm maybe stop crying?It is interesting for most people who just like the TV show because it is a great show. And the way the Reeds showed up made them very mysterious. Some of you people really need something else to do jesus titty fucking christ the amount of bitching around here is through the roof.Have to say I agree. In the end, I've always thought that the crow was Bran and it IS meant to be Bran. Another example of people taking the metaphorical as literal..... Stop destroying the story please by tearing it apart and just enjoy it.
1832	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-11	What if bran is bloodraven, and it is all a mega big mind fuck time loop, prehaps bran is bran the builder who builds the wall to defeat the WW with the COTF help???? and so the song just keeps going... get your head around that one... BOOM
1833	Honey Badger	2013-04-12	Thought it was weird too as it's supposed to be Bloodraven.  Although to be honest, I never liked the three eyed crow thing and wasn't impressed with BR even though it was a long ass pay off and connected to Dunk & Egg.  It's a longer plot thread than even Jon Arryn's death. 
I'll echo the other post saying just enjoy it as a great show and not bitch about inaccuracies to the book.  Show-only watchers aren't cursed with book knowledge, so they're only seeing a great show.
1834	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-12	Bloodraven? Where is that term mentioned in book 3...Oh shit, I'm only mid-way through book 4. I think I wandered in to a thread I shouldn't have. /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />Book Spoilers generally mean that the whole book series is meant since - as you may have noticed by now - the show juggles around with its storylines to fit them better into the show format. We for example still haven't seen some things from Book 1 (such as Ned's dream) or 2 (the names of the dragons), but we do now get to see stuff from book 5 already (Theon's storyline is told there in flashbacks). So I'd suggest you open a "book 3 spoilers" only to discuss that. Otherwise, you will get spoiled even more!
1835	MoAt	2013-04-12	Ummm maybe stop crying?It is interesting for most people who just like the TV show because it is a great show. And the way the Reeds showed up made them very mysterious. Some of you people really need something else to do jesus titty fucking christ the amount of bitching around here is through the roof.Have to say I agree. In the end, I've always thought that the crow was Bran and it IS meant to be Bran. Another example of people taking the metaphorical as literal..... Stop destroying the story please by tearing it apart and just enjoy it. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1836	Areo Speedwagon	2013-04-13	"If you see Bran as Bloodravens successor, then Bran is the three eyed crow."This.  Well Done.Bran and Osha are stuck with nowhere to go, no purpose, hiding.  Measter Luwin bid them to go north to the wall.  Osha wants to go south away from the wall. That story line is dead.  But oh, look at this, here comes deus ex machina to save the irrelevant plot--Jojen and Meera--and now they are on the move to nowhere again.Not one viewer knows a single thing about Jojen or Meera.  Not one viewer knows where they are headed, but hey, they've come a long way for Bran and they have a long way to go.Osha's got her spear back and Bran is as comfortable with Jojen as if they grew up together.  WTF?!?  They trust them completely in their journey to long-way-to-go, even though they've been hiding from every stranger.This plot device was just ridiculous imo.	Sorry.I completely understand, but not saying I agree.  I didn't think of it in terms of a deus ex machina before and you're not wrong.  But if it's any consolation, when that scene was over my roommate who hasn't read the books said "So... Bran's must be fucking important."  Which, I mean.... he is.  So there's that.
1837	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-14	What if bran is bloodraven, and it is all a mega big mind fuck time loop, prehaps bran is bran the builder who builds the wall to defeat the WW with the COTF help???? and so the song just keeps going... get your head around that one... BOOMWelcome to my mind 3 days after ADWD came out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by The Dragon has three heads, 14 April 2013 - 02:02 AM.
1838	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I just wanna say I hope they DO keep BR in the story line for the TV adaption, surely....
1839	Lord Barristan	2013-04-09	Hey guys, 
Storm of Swords is one of my favorite books of all-time and when they said they would be splitting it into two season, I thought for certain this would mean they would fit more in. 
My favorite storyline in the book is by far Jaime's. In the book, he and Brienne have 3 full chapter- which a pretty long at that- before they are captured by Lord Vargo. In this season, we were given one scene- that was masterful- and the duel, that was underwhelming. Why not flesh out these two before being captured? I know they had some scenes at the end of last season, but I feel shortchanged on the best duo in the series. 
I also love Arya and the Brotherhood without banners. I knwo we can't expect them to cast all the member of the brotherhood, but I really wish they would have kept around Tom O'Sevens AND Thoros. Greenbeard, Lem, the Huntsman and some of the others may have been too much, but certainly Harwin being a Winterfell man should have been included. 
And they have already captured the Hound! This takes fairly later in Arya's journey. I hope we get to see more of the brotherhood!
1840	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	To be honest, a lot of the Arya misadventures in the book were a bit all over the place if you ask me, for example when they go to see that witch (don't remember her name or when this happened, it's been a while since I've read SoS). But yes, I think the Arya reveal to the Brotherhood and the Hound appearance was a bit lame, except for his line: "Thoros? D'f*ck YOU doing here?!"  LOL
Still, though, it makes sense, because if you remember the RW is happening in Episode 9. This is already Episode 2. The Hound still has to fight BD, win, BD has to be brought back to life, the Hound has to kidnap her, and they have to travel to The Twins to see the Stark men slaughtered by Episode 9 at the RW. Plus, I would gladly trade some of the minor Arya stuff for those gold scenes between Arya and the Hound. I am looking forward to that odd couple just as much as Jaime and Brienne.
1841	shiola	2013-04-09	I do agree that parts of it feel a bit rushed.  We'll see how it plays out, though.
When they said they would split it into two seasons, I also assumed it would build up more slowly.
1842	zeus	2013-04-09	episode one seemed really rushed to me. 
It was like they were just speeding through it to fit in many story lines and weren't going into depth with a lot of it.
episode two was a bit better but as they only have ten episodes per season it is natural that they will have to cut out a huge amount of stuff just to include the main parts.
but we will see how it pans out. i'm certain that this season will be the one most different from the books due to constraints in episode length and number of episodes in  a season
1843	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-09	Yeah, it's rushed because there are too many characters, locations, and events needed to be shown, and the show only got 50-something minutes per episode to cover everything (leaving me wanting more, obviously). There are a lot of great scenes from that book, so as long as they won't leave them out to squeezed Ros in, I'll be okay. I hope we get to see more of the brotherhood!I hope so, too. They are my new favorite gang.Plus, I would gladly trade some of the minor Arya stuff for those gold scenes between Arya and the Hound. I am looking forward to that odd couple just as much as Jaime and Brienne.The show better not cut my favorite Arya and the Hound scenes - they provide one of the best conversations and interactions from the book. I want to see how Maisie and Rory bring those book scenes on the screen.
1844	awearyman the wanderer	2013-04-11	It does feel a bit rushed.  
If it is that they are splitting the third book into two seasons, why the haste? 
it almost feels like I'm missing scenes and being thrown into something part ways through. I'm not digging the pacing thus far.
1845	protar	2013-04-11	Rushed? The first two episodes are far too slow if you ask me, especially E2. Much of E2 should have been compressed into E1, especially in KL where very little is going on so far.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 11 April 2013 - 02:31 AM.
1846	Currawong	2013-04-11	Rushed? The first two episodes are far too slow if you ask me, especially E2. Much of E2 should have been compressed into E1, especially in KL where very little is going on so far.Please no!   There was more than enough in Ep 1, and shoving any more storylines into there would have been just totally confusing.  D&D already said they decided to move Arya from Ep1 into Ep 2 because there  was more than enough in Ep 1.  There are so many different storylines now, and so many new characters coming in, that the writers have needed two episodes to remind viewers about existing characters, move all the pieces along into place and introduce the many new characters.  NOW they can pick up the pace (which it seems they are going to do as from Ep 3), but if you have read any of the sites where non-book viewers post comments, you will see that there is already some bewilderment about just who is who and what everyone is doing.   D&D have to deliver with a mind to TV-only viewers, not to viewers who are familiar with the books, hence the pace of Eps 1 and 2.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 11 April 2013 - 03:01 AM.
1847	protar	2013-04-11	Please no!   There was more than enough in Ep 1, and shoving any more storylines into there would have been just totally confusing.  D&D already said they decided to move Arya from Ep1 into Ep 2 because there  was more than enough in Ep 1.  There are so many different storylines now, and so many new characters coming in, that the writers have needed two episodes to remind viewers about existing characters, move all the pieces along into place and introduce the many new characters.  NOW they can pick up the pace (which it seems they are going to do as from Ep 3), but if you have read any of the sites where non-book viewers post comments, you will see that there is already some bewilderment about just who is who and what everyone is doing.   D&D have to deliver with a mind to TV-only viewers, not to viewers who are familiar with the books, hence the pace of Eps 1 and 2.I'm not necessarily talking about shoving more locations in to episode 1, I'm talking about progressing the plot in the locations we did get. QOT could have been introduced in E1, we could have found out about Hoster's death, and I've been toying with the idea that they could have had Sam the Slayer at the end of episode 1. That would have meant we could have the small council meeting in E2 (Because I felt that KL was lacking in fan favourites like Tyrion, Tywin and Varys.) and the arrival at Riverrun, and we wouldn't need to see that pointless Sam scene.By this point in the show the main plot has been established and we don't need to spend these first couple episodes recapping what went before so much. Hitting the ground running would have been much better. Fortunately it seems that S4 will be doing this as it looks likely the PW will be in E2. Getting to the more interesting bits faster wouldn't confuse the average viewers it would engage them so when it comes to catering to the more mainstream audience this would be a good move too.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 11 April 2013 - 04:26 AM.
1848	SeventySeven	2013-04-11	It does, a bit.
The Hound already being in Arya's storyline was unexpected, as I thought they'd follow the book more on that one. I wonder if they're planning to change anything in that storyline, because it's different already.
As for Jaime/Brienne, thing is that last season we already got a few scenes of them travelling, so I knew they were going to get captured during the early episodes of season 3. That's fine really, but I do wonder about (show spoiler- episode titles) 
	Spoiler  the bear pit being as early as episode 7, as the title of the episode seem to suggest. That's early, because the bear pit is right before they get to KL after the PW...
1849	protar	2013-04-11	It does, a bit.The Hound already being in Arya's storyline was unexpected, as I thought they'd follow the book more on that one. I wonder if they're planning to change anything in that storyline, because it's different already.As for Jaime/Brienne, thing is that last season we already got a few scenes of them travelling, so I knew they were going to get captured during the early episodes of season 3. That's fine really, but I do wonder about (show spoiler- episode titles) 
	Spoiler  the bear pit being as early as episode 7, as the title of the episode seem to suggest. That's early, because the bear pit is right before they get to KL after the PW... 
Well they are having Melisandre turn up with the BWB presumably to take Gendry for the three leeches scene. But I suspect that Arya will have been taken by the Hound by the time this happens. I thought that having the Hound recognise Arya was a clever way to get around the lack of Harwin.As for Jaime/Brienne, well the bear pit can't be any later than episode 8 because of course Roose will likely leave Harrenhal in the same episode and needs to be at the Twins for the RW in E9. I'm guessing that we'll have Jaime and Brienne in every episode now up until 7, then skip them for E8/9 and then just have a quick scene which fully establishes their "friendship" and will likely involve them finding out about the RW.
1850	Currawong	2013-04-11	IBecause I felt that KL was lacking in fan favourites like Tyrion, Tywin and Varys.Um, you did see the same episode 1 that I saw, with the Tywin / Tyrion scene?  As Tyrion has been in both episodes so far, how is he 'missing'?   Varys will be seen when necessary, and so far it has not been necessary.  Just because someone is a fan favourite is no reason for having them in every episode, especially not a character like Varys who should be in the background!   As for moving the KL plot along, I am quite happy that we didn't get QoT until Ep 2, because we needed to see the Lannister / Tyrell 'dinner' in order to give some better context to the whole Tyrell / Sansa/ Joffrey material in Ep 2.   And we needed the Tywin / Tyrion scene in order to confirm the shifting balances within the Lannisters, and set things up for much later.  The producers obviously can't win.  People complained about Seasons 1 and 2 that things were rushed and lots of stuff got condensed or omitted.  Now that the writers have the luxury of being been able to take more time with ASOS and adapt it over more than one season, you are immediately complaining that they are too slow!!
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 11 April 2013 - 04:47 AM.
1851	SeventySeven	2013-04-11	Well they are having Melisandre turn up with the BWB presumably to take Gendry for the three leeches scene. But I suspect that Arya will have been taken by the Hound by the time this happens. I thought that having the Hound recognise Arya was a clever way to get around the lack of Harwin.As for Jaime/Brienne, well the bear pit can't be any later than episode 8 because of course Roose will likely leave Harrenhal in the same episode and needs to be at the Twins for the RW in E9. I'm guessing that we'll have Jaime and Brienne in every episode now up until 7, then skip them for E8/9 and then just have a quick scene which fully establishes their "friendship" and will likely involve them finding out about the RW.Oh right, I totally forgot they added the Melisandre/Gendry plot. I liked the Hound recognising Arya too, I just hope they don't go too fast with Arya's arc this season, cause it's one of the best of SoS.Re Jaime/Brienne: I suppose it makes sense to have the bear pit then, time-wise. We never got to read the scene of Brienne finding out about the RW, so if it's included in the show I'm really looking forward to it.
1852	protar	2013-04-11	Um, you did see the same episode 1 that I saw, with the Tywin / Tyrion scene?  As Tyrion has been in both episodes so far, how is he 'missing'?   Varys will be seen when necessary, and so far it has not been necessary.  Just because someone is a fan favourite is no reason for having them in every episode, especially not a character like Varys who should be in the background!   As for moving the KL plot along, I am quite happy that we didn't get QoT until Ep 2, because we needed to see the Lannister / Tyrell 'dinner' in order to give some better context to the whole Tyrell / Sansa/ Joffrey material in Ep 2.   And we needed the Tywin / Tyrion scene in order to confirm the shifting balances within the Lannisters, and set things up for much later.The producers obviously can't win.  People complained about Seasons 1 and 2 that things were rushed and lots of stuff got condensed or omitted.  Now that the writers have the luxury of being been able to take more time with ASOS and adapt it over more than one season, you are immediately complaining that they are too slow!!I was referring to episode 2 in the case of missing characters, where there was no Tywin or Varys and only one (rather lacklustre I thought) scene with Tyrion. I know Varys very much works in the background but I felt he should have been in both episodes. In E1 I feel like LF should have sent Ros to speak with Sansa discreetly and then Ros would report to Varys about LF's plans, following up on their little business partnership from E10. Then in E2 I feel instead of the small scenes which I felt were rather superfluous we could have had the small council meeting which would of course feature Varys and Tywin.And for me at least the complaint about S2 was not that the plot was rushed, it was that individual scenes were rushed. Each episode we would spend only a few minutes with each character resulting in there being little progression with the individual plots each episode. So far S3 has been generally better about spending more time with each plot but I still feel the pace of the plot is too slow.Oh right, I totally forgot they added the Melisandre/Gendry plot. I liked the Hound recognising Arya too, I just hope they don't go too fast with Arya's arc this season, cause it's one of the best of SoS.Re Jaime/Brienne: I suppose it makes sense to have the bear pit then, time-wise. We never got to read the scene of Brienne finding out about the RW, so if it's included in the show I'm really looking forward to it.I think we can assume that a good deal of Arya's arc will be cut. If you recall there is an awful lot of traveling about meeting minor characters before finally meeting Beric. Presumably we'll be skipping straight to Beric.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 11 April 2013 - 04:55 AM.
1853	David Selig	2013-04-11	Rushed? To me it feels like the season is moving at snail's pace, honestly.
1854	WhiteGuts	2013-04-11	It doesn't feel rushed, far from it. Season 2 was rushed, yes, but the first two episodes of S3 are pretty slow. But I'm okay with that rythm. They take sufficient amount of time with every storyline.
1855	Currawong	2013-04-11	Rushed? To me it feels like the season is moving at snail's pace, honestly.Yes, but you and protar seem to be looking at things from the perspective of book readers, even subconsciously, meaning you are far more familiar with the setup and all the characters than TV-only viewers.  And that makes a world of difference.   There was a very good review recently by an experienced critic, who says he has not read the books and has no intention of doing so at this stage: he pointed out that D&D have to present something that works as a TV show, for people who have not read the books.   And presenting something as a TV show often means that you take your time at various points, because otherwise you completely lose viewers.  If you read some of the comments by TV-only viewers, you will see that the show is already extremely complex for them, so that having the writers take their time at the start of a season is a sensible strategy.  Look at the number of new people we already have in Season 3, to go along with an already crowded cast of 'main' characters.
1856	protar	2013-04-11	Yes, but you and protar seem to be looking at things from the perspective of book readers, even subconsciously, meaning you are far more familiar with the setup and all the characters than TV-only viewers.  And that makes a world of difference.   There was a very good review recently by an experienced critic, who says he has not read the books and has no intention of doing so at this stage: he pointed out that D&D have to present something that works as a TV show, for people who have not read the books.   And presenting something as a TV show often means that you take your time at various points, because otherwise you completely lose viewers.  If you read some of the comments by TV-only viewers, you will see that the show is already extremely complex for them, so that having the writers take their time at the start of a season is a sensible strategy.  Look at the number of new people we already have in Season 3, to go along with an already crowded cast of 'main' characters.I'd say the complete opposite is true. Books tend to have more patient audiences which means more time to set things up. Indeed, despite being lauded as a complete roller coaster ride, SOS is in much the same league as COK for the first couple hundred pages. On TV however people are less patient. I think if you asked the average viewer how to improve GOT it would probably be to have more action and less pointless talking. The opening 2 episodes were by no means bad television, but a premiere that opens with a big battle, introduces a couple of super-charismatic new characters and ends with the series' myth arc finally progressing a bit (in the form of Sam the Slayer.) would have been much better than what we got.I'm sorry but you seem to be conflating "speed up the plot" with "make the plot more complex." The two are not the same. The former will engage audiences, the latter (if overdone.) will turn viewers off.
1857	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Realistically, even season one feels a bit rushed at times. I know this is just whining and wishful thinking, but the first season(if they had the budget, and the actors to cast for Roose Bolton and Edmure/Brynden and all that) could've been excellent as 12 or 13 episodes.
Season two and the first two episodes of season three all feel horribly rushed and horribly slow at the same time.
Plot wise, it's all moving QUITE fast - but since they cut off SO MUCH of the meat off the bone and we're left with little to no details or discussions in show, everything feels super fast paced and individual scenes just don't FEEL important. On a lesser scale, however, individual scenes and ESPECIALLY individual character arks seem to be horribly slow, feel drawn out and overall feel like they're going no where.
It's kind of an interesting fail paradox the show has gotten itself into.
1858	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	i kinda have to agree with the mountain. I was watching this episode with a friend who has not read the book, and when jojen reed said "we have traveled far to find you brandon, and we have a much longer way go" he sarcasticly cracked "oh, another story arc with nothing but traveling and talking for an entire season... now im really on the edge of my seat!"the second season got away with its wierd pacing because the audience enjoyed Tyrions scenes/Dinklages acting so much. This season does have some really good acting so far, but it doesnt make a big difference when the audience doesnt know anything about these new characters and cant really relate to them regardless of how well acted they are.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 05:37 AM.
1859	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-11	i kinda have to agree with the mountain. I was watching this episode with a friend who has not read the book, and when jojen reed said "we have traveled far to find you brandon, and we have a much longer way go" he sarcasticly cracked "oh, another story arc with nothing but traveling and talking for an entire season... now im really on the edge of my seat!"I thought the same thing. Watching Arya, J&B, Jon, Sam and all the rest do nothing but walk somewhere for several episodes probably wouldn't be appealing to the nonreading audience. So I think D&D made a smart move when/(if) they removed most of the travelling and focused on the more important parts. We had enough of this in s2 with Catelyn and LF teleporting all over the place
1860	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	they did break some new ground in this episode by allowing the characters to hold and fire a crossbow while talking, deviating from the usual walking and talking/sitting and talking formula.
1861	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	I think the show is clearly better at pacing now than it was when it first started. Of course it's always going to be rushed in some sense because there's a ton of characters and storylines to show so it's absolutely impossible to make it flow calmly, but they are doing better at it now, despite having more characters to show than in the first season.i kinda have to agree with the mountain. I was watching this episode with a friend who has not read the book, and when jojen reed said "we have traveled far to find you brandon, and we have a much longer way go" he sarcasticly cracked "oh, another story arc with nothing but traveling and talking for an entire season... now im really on the edge of my seat!"He's never heard the age old saying about storytelling "it's not the end that matters but the journey" I take it? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Plot wise, it's all moving QUITE fast - but since they cut off SO MUCH of the meat off the bone and we're left with little to no details or discussions in show, everything feels super fast paced and individual scenes just don't FEEL important. On a lesser scale, however, individual scenes and ESPECIALLY individual character arks seem to be horribly slow, feel drawn out and overall feel like they're going no where.In what sense do you feel that there's no discussions in the show? I can mention a ton of them just in the two episodes in the third season, as well as plenty of detail both visible and subtle. Therefor I take it that I'm not getting your point.
1862	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	He's never heard the age old saying about storytelling "it's not the end that matters but the journey" I take it? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think that was the point, that we dont need another journey that consists of nothing but walking and expositional dialogue. Its getting pretty old in this series considering we have already seen this formula several times in season-spanning arcs: Jon snow from the point where he left castle black, stopped at crasters for an episode, back to walking unil he got caught by ygritte, kills qohren while traveling with the wildlings, meets mance, then goes back to traveling except this time he is following mance instead of mormont. Sam replaces him as the PoV character in the "Walking with the Night Watch arc". Arya travelling with Yoren and the night watch recruits. Jamie spends an entire season inprisoned, and after he is freed he spends 5 episodes traveling with brienne where almost every scene consists of him making funny, provoking remarks to brienne and brienne telling him to shut up.
1863	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	I think the show is clearly better at pacing now than it was when it first started. Of course it's always going to be rushed in some sense because there's a ton of characters and storylines to show so it's absolutely impossible to make it flow calmly, but they are doing better at it now, despite having more characters to show than in the first season.You really think so? I mean, SOME things in the first season could've been better paced. if it was more episodes, but about the same amount of Jon and Dany scenes spread out, we'd have a real sense that Dany was seven months pregnant and that Jon had been training at the wall a long time - in the show, we kind of feel like Dany's only two months pregnant and Jon's been there a week. And then other things, like Arya chasing a cat one episode and then still chasing the cat the next episode(despite it being weeks lol), and also the ALMOST awkwardly fast pace of some events(tourney, everything post-Ned's imprisonment war wise)But as a whole I feel like the first season did a pretty solid job. Making season one perfection simply would've been a matter of:1.) Higher budget, therefore better effects, fights, more actors to cast important roles NOW rather than later(Roose Bolton, Edmure and Brynden, etc.) and all that jazz.2.) No gratuitous sex/nudity scenes for shits and giggles3.) two or three more episodes4.) not assuming the audience is idiots and cutting out ALL military/strategic discussionIf they had done all this, I think season one would have been perfect. Obviously it's not what happened though.In what sense do you feel that there's no discussions in the show? I can mention a ton of them just in the two episodes in the third season, as well as plenty of detail both visible and subtle. Therefor I take it that I'm not getting your point.He had a lot to say.He had a lot of nothing to say.- "Eulogy" by Tool.In a literal sense, those episodes were pretty much 95% talking.But was anything TRULY discussed? Everything was shallow, all the meat was cut from the bone and there was no substance, etc. My nonbook reading friends are confused: They thought Stannis was killed and completely out of the picture(apparently forgetting the last ep of season 2), they have no idea if Robb Stark is winning or losing, they have no idea what the bloody hell is happening in the North(with the ironmen in general, and Theon/Winterfell specifically), etc.So much is discussed, but so little is actually SAID in the context of the show... but the story isn't supposed to be a soapopera with loads of romanticism and tits and hilariously unrealistic gore/death scenes. A Song of Ice & Fire is, at it's core, about war and how war affects EVERYONE and at the end of the day doesn't matter. The show's 100% neglect of everything and anything military/strategy talk is seriously negatively affecting EVERYONEs view of the show.The thing I love with dialogue in these books, especially in A Clash of Kings, is that there really isn't THAT much dialogue. But damn near everything that IS said from one character to another, is essential in some way or another. But the show waters down EVERYTHING. For whatever reason, they think "shocking" homosexual blowjob scenes, tits, constant swearing and overly cheesy gore is appropriate YET they think toning down EVERYTHING plot wise and completely removing all discussion of war is a good move? They need to get their priorities right.Do you understand me now? You don't have to agree, I just want to make sure i'm being clear.Edit to add:I think that was the point, that we dont need another journey that consists of nothing but walking and expositional dialogue. Its getting pretty old in this series considering we have already seen this formula several times in season-spanning arcs: Jon snow from the point where he left castle black, stopped at crasters for an episode, back to walking unil he got caught by ygritte, kills qohren while traveling with the wildlings, meets mance, then goes back to traveling except this time he is following mance instead of mormont. Sam replaces him as the PoV character in the "Walking with the Night Watch arc". Arya travelling with Yoren and the night watch recruits. Jamie spends an entire season inprisoned, and after he is freed he spends 5 episodes traveling with brienne where almost every scene consists of him making funny, provoking remarks to brienne and brienne telling him to shut up.This. So much this. Between David's HORRIBLE X-Men movies(hardcore X-Men fan here) and Game of Thrones, i'm under the impression that D&D are the definition of incompetent. Oh well, shame there's enough quality to keep me coming back for more.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 06:46 AM.
1864	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	I think that was the point, that we dont need another journey that consists of nothing but walking and expositional dialogue. Its getting pretty old in this series considering we have already seen this formula several times in season-spanning arcs: Jon snow from the point where he left castle black, stopped at crasters for an episode, back to walking unil he got caught by ygritte, kills qohren while traveling with the wildlings, meets mance, then goes back to traveling except this time he is following mance instead of mormont. Sam replaces him as the PoV character in the "Walking with the Night Watch arc". Arya travelling with Yoren and the night watch recruits. Jamie spends an entire season inprisoned, and after he is freed he spends 5 episodes traveling with brienne where almost every scene consists of him making funny, provoking remarks to brienne and brienne telling him to shut up.I'm fine with people having differing opinions but I just don't see the point to this. What does it matter if someone talks while travelling or while sitting in a castle? There's not less special events for the travelers than there are for those that remain in the same area.
1865	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	A man named William Shakespear once said: "Brevity is the soul of wit"
It basicly means dont waste my fucking time
1866	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-11	I'm not sure whether there's a problem with the pacing. I thought it was going good, except maybe Dany seemed to have progressed too far but I'm not worried.
What I am unsure of is putting so many storylines in an episode. Episode 1 had too much I think and episode 2 was good but still flicked between groups too quickly. I think most people agree ep09 last season was really good, with it all focused on the city. Why can't they do that more? A lot of the characters don't need to be seen to do things at the same time. They could combine, storylines into larger bursts. Say have an episode being 60% Dany & Jon, another KL & Robb, some where it's mainly Arya and some where it's mainly Jaime
1867	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	I'm fine with people having differing opinions but I just don't see the point to this. What does it matter if someone talks while travelling or while sitting in a castle? There's not less special events for the travelers than there are for those that remain in the same area.The problem is that they keep teasing the audience and building up to events that never happen, or they happen but we never see it. If you look at Jons story arc, there has been very little actual character development and dramatic tension since he left Castle Black. They are basicly just showing us traveling for the sake of traveling. They spent an entire season getting to the fist of the first men, once they get there they tease with the upcoming battle with the white walkers wich we dont get to fucking see, and after that they are off walking all the way back to the wall. There and back again, for nothing.the same thing goes for Jamie. they dont need to put two scenes of jamie and brienne in every episode when each scene is basicly identical; jamie being mean and teasing brienne, brienne tells him to shut up and walk.do they keep putting these scenes in to remind us that jamie and brienne are still traveling? its just an obvious teller for the audience that something is going to happen to them on the way, otherwise they would just teleport them like they did with catelyn and LF.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 07:09 AM.
1868	Loras	2013-04-11	i kinda have to agree with the mountain. I was watching this episode with a friend who has not read the book, and when jojen reed said "we have traveled far to find you brandon, and we have a much longer way go" he sarcasticly cracked "oh, another story arc with nothing but traveling and talking for an entire season... now im really on the edge of my seat!"the second season got away with its wierd pacing because the audience enjoyed Tyrions scenes/Dinklages acting so much. This season does have some really good acting so far, but it doesnt make a big difference when the audience doesnt know anything about these new characters and cant really relate to them regardless of how well acted they are.This is a brilliant point very well put.I keep coming back to the character of Margaery.  I know that we met her for the first time in S2, but I never felt that I really knew anything about her.  I didn't know where she came from, I didn't really know how competent she was.  All I really knew about her was that she wanted to be 'THE Queen'.After the first 2 episodes of this season I feel like I have actually been given the time to get to know this character.  I know more about what she stands for and I know more about where she came from.  Ok we haven't been given any backstory on the character yet, but I can root for her - because she goes and comforts orphans or because she is nice to Sansa.I think that this is where they really dropped the ball on the Stannis arc during S" - though it was somewhat rectified by his brilliant monologue about Storm's End.
1869	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	What I am unsure of is putting so many storylines in an episode. Episode 1 had too much I think and episode 2 was good but still flicked between groups too quickly. I think most people agree ep09 last season was really good, with it all focused on the city. Why can't they do that more? A lot of the characters don't need to be seen to do things at the same time. They could combine, storylines into larger bursts. Say have an episode being 60% Dany & Jon, another KL & Robb, some where it's mainly Arya and some where it's mainly JaimeThis is something they should've been doing from Ned's imprisonment in season one onwards. Seriously. It's what ALL of season two should've been, bursts.Combine this with Maestor Ruin's comments about needless traveling, all teasing and no pay offs and the show belitting the audiences intelligence by feeling the need to almost REMIND the audience who people are...Ugh. I really need to get into writing TV. I can do better than so many hacks out there currently writing TV. *grumble grumble* /complaint in general, not just about Game of Thrones specifically.I think that this is where they really dropped the ball on the Stannis arc during S" - though it was somewhat rectified by his brilliant monologue about Storm's End.Stannis's story was, single handily, perhaps my favorite part of season two. Even if making Davos hand then makes little sense, since it means it was his failure that the Blackwater Battle failed.
1870	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	You really think so? I mean, SOME things in the first season could've been better paced. if it was more episodes, but about the same amount of Jon and Dany scenes spread out, we'd have a real sense that Dany was seven months pregnant and that Jon had been training at the wall a long time - in the show, we kind of feel like Dany's only two months pregnant and Jon's been there a week. And then other things, like Arya chasing a cat one episode and then still chasing the cat the next episode(despite it being weeks lol), and also the ALMOST awkwardly fast pace of some events(tourney, everything post-Ned's imprisonment war wise)But as a whole I feel like the first season did a pretty solid job. Making season one perfection simply would've been a matter of:1.) Higher budget, therefore better effects, fights, more actors to cast important roles NOW rather than later(Roose Bolton, Edmure and Brynden, etc.) and all that jazz.2.) No gratuitous sex/nudity scenes for shits and giggles3.) two or three more episodes4.) not assuming the audience is idiots and cutting out ALL military/strategic discussionIf they had done all this, I think season one would have been perfect. Obviously it's not what happened though.Yes, I do. I'd even go so far to say that it seemed to be the prevailing opinion since my biggest memory of the discussions about the early part of season 2 was that that people thought the pacing and transitions between storylines were so much better. Not that it gives the opinion any more credence (opinions are opinions), I'm just showing that it's not an uncommon one.1. Higher budget is something you can always wish for but it's pretty pointless since it just won't happen. The show was already hugely expensive.2. The nudity didn't bother me. There's lots of it in the books (actually more detailed than on the show) and I don't get neither upset or very aroused by that, I just take it as another context among many others.3. Again a nice wish that just won't happen. D&D has said many times that they would like more time but they can't keep the same quality of production if they stretch it further.4. Apart from that they hid some surprises I guess they go less on it due to that they aren't showing that much of the battles. I don't get the conclusion that they would supposedly do this because they think the audience is stupid. That make no sense to me given how much they expect the audience to piece together in the overall story. A non-reader really needs to be alert to grasp everything (looking on this board even readers fail to get a good deal of it).He had a lot to say.He had a lot of nothing to say.- "Eulogy" by Tool.In a literal sense, those episodes were pretty much 95% talking.But was anything TRULY discussed? Everything was shallow, all the meat was cut from the bone and there was no substance, etc. My nonbook reading friends are confused: They thought Stannis was killed and completely out of the picture(apparently forgetting the last ep of season 2), they have no idea if Robb Stark is winning or losing, they have no idea what the bloody hell is happening in the North(with the ironmen in general, and Theon/Winterfell specifically), etc.So much is discussed, but so little is actually SAID in the context of the show... but the story isn't supposed to be a soapopera with loads of romanticism and tits and hilariously unrealistic gore/death scenes. A Song of Ice & Fire is, at it's core, about war and how war affects EVERYONE and at the end of the day doesn't matter. The show's 100% neglect of everything and anything military/strategy talk is seriously negatively affecting EVERYONEs view of the show.The thing I love with dialogue in these books, especially in A Clash of Kings, is that there really isn't THAT much dialogue. But damn near everything that IS said from one character to another, is essential in some way or another. But the show waters down EVERYTHING. For whatever reason, they think "shocking" homosexual blowjob scenes, tits, constant swearing and overly cheesy gore is appropriate YET they think toning down EVERYTHING plot wise and completely removing all discussion of war is a good move? They need to get their priorities right.Do you understand me now? You don't have to agree, I just want to make sure i'm being clear.I see what you're saying, but I don't agree. The non-readers I know don't have any problems following the things you mention either. Even your own description of them makes it look like they just aren't paying attention to what's being presented. Stannis was very obviously not killed, Robb's success is supposed to be hard to get because he doesn't even get it himself ("I win every battle but somehow I'm losing the war"), what's going on in the North is mostly said right out (even Theon says exactly what he's done and why he does it). Even with this season there's tons of hints that show where Theon is and who has him, but it requires you to think a bit (which is mostly exactly how the books tend to work with mysteries).I don't think you can watch a show like this and don't really try to grasp everything. Again this goes even for readers, although they might be foiling themselves by being bad at adapting their thinking from what the book says to what they are actually being shown. For example I don't know if I saw anyone in the discussion about Littlefinger talking to Sansa actually grasp the fact that they are making a parallel to Littlefinger and Eddard (hopefully some did and I just didn't read it all). Some were just so stuck on that Littlefinger talked himself instead of using pawns like in the books.This. So much this. Between David's HORRIBLE X-Men movies(hardcore X-Men fan here) and Game of Thrones, i'm under the impression that D&D are the definition of incompetent. Oh well, shame there's enough quality to keep me coming back for more.This wasn't directed to me but it made me wonder. What has David written more than "Wolverine" when it comes to X-Men? As far as I know that was his only thing, plus that his script was apparently mutilated quite severely from what he actually wrote before it got used.As for them being incompetent, I'd say that it's a pretty hard thing to say seeing how this adaptation is one of the hardest to do that I've ever come across and they've managed to make it a huge hit that's known for quality (unlike for example True Blood which is also a big hit but doesn't have that general quality image). Not that popularity says much in terms of individual taste but it is related to competence and it's imo at least as relevant as using friends that don't pay attention as arguments.
1871	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	The problem is that they keep teasing the audience and building up to events that never happen, or they happen but we never see it. If you look at Jons story arc, there has been very little actual character development and dramatic tension since he left Castle Black. They are basicly just showing us traveling for the sake of traveling. They spent an entire season getting to the fist of the first men, once they get there they tease with the upcoming battle with the white walkers wich we dont get to fucking see, and after that they are off walking all the way back to the wall. There and back again, for nothing.the same thing goes for Jamie. they dont need to put two scenes of jamie and brienne in every episode when each scene is basicly identical; jamie being mean and teasing brienne, brienne tells him to shut up and walk.do they keep putting these scenes in to remind us that jamie and brienne are still traveling? its just an obvious teller for the audience that something is going to happen to them on the way, otherwise they would just teleport them like they did with catelyn and LF.Then the story might not be for those people. Even in the books you have several battles not being described, or being described very briefly, and it will of course be more so in a TV show. The point behind that is that the violence isn't the important part in itself, it's the result that's the real point. That doesn't mean that I completely dismiss your point as it has relevance. I'm just showing that the original story isn't very different if you count the differences of the mediums. The battle at the Fist isn't described much at all in the book, it's mainly recollected in hindsight, and there's no budget issues going on.As for Brienne and Jaime I don't have a clue what you mean. Two scenes in every episode? They weren't even in the first episode. The two scenes they had this time were also not at all similar. The first one was them walking around and talking, and they meet a farmer where Brienne has to make a choice between honorably risking security or doing a bad thing. The second has Jaime trying to kill her in a fight scene and they get caught due to Brienne's previous choice. How you can describe those two as identical and just containing Jaime being mean and Brienne telling him to walk is completely beyond me.
1872	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	If a certain story arc doesnt translate to TV very well they should cut it. i feel like the whole jon/nights watch story has been way too over-emphazised at this point because it has not been very rewarding, lacks a sense of direction and is basicly just there so we can have the battle of castle black and jon becoming the commander in the next season. Sams scene in this episode was another great example of a scene that lacked tone and purpose. Did we need another scene where Sam is belittled for being fat? it had the potential to expand the relationships between the characters, when sam started to cry and asked why the left him, i thought it was going to lead to a genuine moment of character bonding, but instead it ends with Ed (or whats his name again) cracking another "Youre fat and useless" line. So was this scene supposed to make us laught? i dont know what to feel, give me a tone D&D.
and now i have stumbled upon another problem. it feels like the characters are repeating themselves way too much. I have never heard Ed deliver a single line that is not basicly "yo sam you suck, and i tell you this because were bros", delivered with the exact same tone and speech-rythm. it was funny the first couple of times, now its just starting to feel annoying and old. This even applies to central characters like Joffery, since he became king i dont think we have had a single scene between him and cerscei (and some other characters, namely tyrion in S2) that doesnt end with him saying something that translates to "IM AM TEH KING I CAN DO WHAT I WANT DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO OK?". i know this is intentional to show us how Cerscei is losing control over joffery and realizing that she has created a monster that she cant control, but it becomes repetitive and leaves the impression that the character only has one note to play.
in season 2 i felt like i was going to throw up everytime daenerys went into a dramatic rant about being the blood of the dragon and how she would conquer the world, whenever someone didnt give her what she wanted.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 08:06 AM.
1873	Sun	2013-04-11	A man named William Shakespear once said: "Brevity is the soul of wit"It basicly means dont waste my fucking timeTo be fair, that should be applied to the books far more than the show. If ASOS's adaptation is already striking people as slow and meandering, I shudder to think how AFFC?ADWD will fair.
1874	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	im not sure if i agree, in the books almost every chapter has a set tone and touches some sort of emotional heartstring, it never feels "empty" or like a waste of time, unlike some story arcs in the show.
1875	Sun	2013-04-11	im not sure if i agree, in the books almost every chapter has a set tone and touches some sort of emotional heartstring, it never feels "empty" or like a waste of time, unlike some story arcs in the show.Oh, I think we definitely disagree on this point. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1876	WheelofIceandFire	2013-04-11	Arya is my favourite character in the show (and Maisie Williams is my fave actor) so i really want to see her featured a lot this year. I just hope they dont have her standing around during the scenes with the Brotherhood. I actually want to see her interact with Thoros and Beric instead of standing in the background as they talk to each other. She doesnt meet Beric until episode 4 and the trial happens in the next episode so they will have to feature some scenes between the brotherhood/arya/hound to slow things down instead of just going straight from meeting beric to the fight. I really want a one on one scene between Beric and Arya just because Maisie has had great chemistry with everyone she has worked with.
I also hope they dont have The Hound take over her scenes with the Brotherhood (obviously he will take centre stage during his trial) and hope Melisandre shows up after she has gone instead of taking over her story.
I would also love to see her at the Twins and would love for the episode to end with the Hound hitting her so everyone thinks she has been killed. If they dont feature her at the RW then i will be very disappointed
					
					
							Edited by WheelofIceandFire, 11 April 2013 - 09:42 AM.
1877	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	If a certain story arc doesnt translate to TV very well they should cut it. i feel like the whole jon/nights watch story has been way too over-emphazised at this point because it has not been very rewarding, lacks a sense of direction and is basicly just there so we can have the battle of castle black and jon becoming the commander in the next season. Sams scene in this episode was another great example of a scene that lacked tone and purpose. Did we need another scene where Sam is belittled for being fat? it had the potential to expand the relationships between the characters, when sam started to cry and asked why the left him, i thought it was going to lead to a genuine moment of character bonding, but instead it ends with Ed (or whats his name again) cracking another "Youre fat and useless" line. So was this scene supposed to make us laught? i dont know what to feel, give me a tone D&D.and now i have stumbled upon another problem. it feels like the characters are repeating themselves way too much. I have never heard Ed deliver a single line that is not basicly "yo sam you suck, and i tell you this because were bros", delivered with the exact same tone and speech-rythm. it was funny the first couple of times, now its just starting to feel annoying and old. This even applies to central characters like Joffery, since he became king i dont think we have had a single scene between him and cerscei (and some other characters, namely tyrion in S2) that doesnt end with him saying something that translates to "IM AM TEH KING I CAN DO WHAT I WANT DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO OK?". i know this is intentional to show us how Cerscei is losing control over joffery and realizing that she has created a monster that she cant control, but it becomes repetitive and leaves the impression that the character only has one note to play.in season 2 i felt like i was going to throw up everytime daenerys went into a dramatic rant about being the blood of the dragon and how she would conquer the world, whenever someone didnt give her what she wanted.I don't know if this was supposed to be an answer to my post. I've seen you respond to people without quoting them when you're posting after them, but the post seems to not contain responses to a lot of what I wrote.As for what you wrote here, I think you skip over a lot of important things that happen. Jon becoming Commander is not more relevant than that we learn that the Wildlings have united for fear of the White Walkers. Or that the White Walkers represent a threat that a big part of the Night's Watch was just slaughtered by them. We've also learned that the WW's aren't just killing everything, Jon will be learning new things, breaking new vows and viewers will wonder whether he'll be returning to the NW at all. Sam is shown to be the coward that will ultimately fail for the first time since first season, unless I forgot something in season 2. It's a natural set up for what's to come for him as he will prove himself later on.If you haven't heard Edd say something that's not bad about Sam then you're not paying any attention. That could be a significant part in why you have trouble enjoying it. As for Joffrey, he is pretty much all about doing exactly what he wants because he's king in the novels. But still, apart from his sadistic and entitled side the show is showing us his fearful and insecure side as well.And if you have such overly dramatic reactions like in your last sentence, I'm not really sure why you're watching. I'd never watch anything that I found to be that bad so I have a hard time relating.
1878	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	im not sure if i agree, in the books almost every chapter has a set tone and touches some sort of emotional heartstring, it never feels "empty" or like a waste of time, unlike some story arcs in the show.Unlike MOST story arcs in the show, rather.Also, I don't know if EVERY chapter has a meaning or anything like that. But damn near every chapter is great. Only a few chapters in all five books that I didn't care for.To be fair, that should be applied to the books far more than the show. If ASOS's adaptation is already striking people as slow and meandering, I shudder to think how AFFC?ADWD will fair.ASoS is easily the fastest paced book in the series, by far. But to be fair, it's NOT the book's fault. It's the show's fault for being so fucking stupid in season two.The only character who, IMO, "meandered" and was slow in the whole of the first three books was Arya in ASoS(her BWB chapters weren't anywhere nearly as rewarding as i'd hoped they'd be, and her non-red wedding chapters with Sandor were mih aside from the last one)Even in AFfC/ADwD, the only characters who really feel to me as meandering and tiresome are Arya and Samwell. But, opinions.Then the story might not be for those people. Even in the books you have several battles not being described, or being described very briefly, and it will of course be more so in a TV show. The point behind that is that the violence isn't the important part in itself, it's the result that's the real point. That doesn't mean that I completely dismiss your point as it has relevance. I'm just showing that the original story isn't very different if you count the differences of the mediums. The battle at the Fist isn't described much at all in the book, it's mainly recollected in hindsight, and there's no budget issues going on.It's not the violence or the climax that's important. It's the suspense of "WHO IS WHERE? WITH WHOM? WHERE ARE THEY MOVING NEXT? WILL THEY WIN? OH, WHAT HAPPENS NOW THAT THE IRONMEN ARE ATTACKING THE NORTH? OH, I WONDER IF DORNE WILL SIDE WITH RENLY OR WHAT. Etc."I find anything militaristic and strategic in the books to be the most SUSPENSEFUL aspect of the entire series, and even if we only learn a few details about specific battles, I have enough imagination to make it even better in my own mind than reading about it. Except when necessary, like the Blackwater and the NW battles.That's just like, my opinion though. If a show  ENTIRELY centered around a story about war being horrible and pointless decides to complete bypass everything, you know, war in exchange for soap opera Tyrion-and-Shae, Robb-and-Whatsherface, Ros-and-Littlefinger scenes then I guess the show just never understood the books to begin with.As for Brienne and Jaime I don't have a clue what you mean. Two scenes in every episode? They weren't even in the first episode. The two scenes they had this time were also not at all similar. The first one was them walking around and talking, and they meet a farmer where Brienne has to make a choice between honorably risking security or doing a bad thing. The second has Jaime trying to kill her in a fight scene and they get caught due to Brienne's previous choice. How you can describe those two as identical and just containing Jaime being mean and Brienne telling him to walk is completely beyond me.To be fair, those scenes were rather long and dreary and were just Jaime japping around. Also, lol @ some random villager having seen Jaime Lannister before AND running into Locke AND knowing where Jaime was exactly. Just all around LOL to that whole thing.Every Jaime Lannister scene from season two was awful though. Great acting and such, just terrible writing.Yes, I do. I'd even go so far to say that it seemed to be the prevailing opinion since my biggest memory of the discussions about the early part of season 2 was that that people thought the pacing and transitions between storylines were so much better. Not that it gives the opinion any more credence (opinions are opinions), I'm just showing that it's not an uncommon one.Really? From a scene transition standpoint, it really feels like there's no flow in season two(or three) to me. But when it comes to like, the scenes themselves, in the first season every episode had it's own ark for select scenes by a certain character. Second/third seasons there's no in-episode ark, it's just random scenes.From both a cinematic standpoint, and a plot standpoint, I see no way it flows better now.1. Higher budget is something you can always wish for but it's pretty pointless since it just won't happen. The show was already hugely expensive.2. The nudity didn't bother me. There's lots of it in the books (actually more detailed than on the show) and I don't get neither upset or very aroused by that, I just take it as another context among many others.3. Again a nice wish that just won't happen. D&D has said many times that they would like more time but they can't keep the same quality of production if they stretch it further.These are all wishful thinking. Obviously what's done is done, and obviously it wasn't my show. But still, I can dream. As for the nudity... there's DEFINITELY more of it in the show than in all five of the books put together. As to the descriptiveness, you're right, some of the sex scenes are definitely more vivid than what's shown in the show - but with text comes metaphors, symbolism, insight into characters thoughts, etc. so sex scenes(whether tragic, horrifying or lovely) can all be quite beautiful in their own way. Sex scenes in TV or film can be as well, but I don't believe there has been a single nudity scene in the show thus far that I consider artistic. Except perhaps Theon on the boat with the wench, that scene was brilliantly done and well acted, and gave us a good insight into Theon. And an excellent parallel, as he gets bitched slapped around for the rest of the season.4. Apart from that they hid some surprises I guess they go less on it due to that they aren't showing that much of the battles. I don't get the conclusion that they would supposedly do this because they think the audience is stupid. That make no sense to me given how much they expect the audience to piece together in the overall story. A non-reader really needs to be alert to grasp everything (looking on this board even readers fail to get a good deal of it).D&D and GRRM have all stated that the reasons they've pretty much canceled out strategic talk in the show was because (according to D&D)it wouldn't be "as interesting to viewers as other things" and (according to GRRM) "we all agreed that the military plots could be a bit thick for some viewers at home to follow, especially if they're only watching once a week"Not direct quotes, but pretty close. I'll find the sources tonight and edit them into this post.I see what you're saying, but I don't agree. The non-readers I know don't have any problems following the things you mention either. Even your own description of them makes it look like they just aren't paying attention to what's being presented. Stannis was very obviously not killed, Robb's success is supposed to be hard to get because he doesn't even get it himself ("I win every battle but somehow I'm losing the war"), what's going on in the North is mostly said right out (even Theon says exactly what he's done and why he does it). Even with this season there's tons of hints that show where Theon is and who has him, but it requires you to think a bit (which is mostly exactly how the books tend to work with mysteries).I'm just basing this all off my roomies who only watched the show, haven't rewatched the show since last year and haven't read the books. (well, one read the first 400 pages of AGoT and got bored and stopped, but he doesn't count)People just don't understand who is who, what is what as easily as people who've watched the show multiple times through thus far and read the books. Hell, it wasn't until I was at the very end of season two before I realized who Roose Bolton was in the show. I just thought it was some nameless general.This wasn't directed to me but it made me wonder. What has David written more than "Wolverine" when it comes to X-Men? As far as I know that was his only thing, plus that his script was apparently mutilated quite severely from what he actually wrote before it got used.Wasn't David behind both Wolverine and The Last Stand? Wolverine was decent, but really not worth the watch, and The Last Stand was fucking atrocious in about a million different ways.I could be misremembering though, I don't know much about what went on to make those movies and whatnot other than that Hugh Jackson is a beast.Arya is my favourite character in the show (and Maisie Williams is my fave actor) so i really want to see her featured a lot this year. I just hope they dont have him standing around during the scenes with the Brotherhood. I actually want to see her interact with Thoros and Beric instead of standing in the background as they talk to each other.This is perhaps why they brought the Hound back so early. (edit to add: so they know who she is, and therefore there's the drama of the BWB not wanting to let them go or anything)I also hope they dont have The Hound take over her scenes with the Brotherhood (obviously he will take centre stage during his trial) and hope Melisandre shows up after she has gone instead of taking over her story.I doubt it. I expect the next episode will consist of him revealing who she is, getting his ass kicked, and then leaving. And then the hound not reappearing again till the end of the sixth episode or so. Just my prediction.I would also love to see her at the Twins and would love for the episode to end with the Hound hitting her so everyone thinks she has been killed. If they dont feature her at the RW then i will be very disappointedAgreed on her being there. She doesn't have to get hit though, I don't think. otherwise audiences will wonder why she's been a POV character for so long to begin with if they suspect her dead.If a certain story arc doesnt translate to TV very well they should cut it. i feel like the whole jon/nights watch story has been way too over-emphazised at this point because it has not been very rewarding, lacks a sense of direction and is basicly just there so we can have the battle of castle black and jon becoming the commander in the next season. Sams scene in this episode was another great example of a scene that lacked tone and purpose. Did we need another scene where Sam is belittled for being fat? it had the potential to expand the relationships between the characters, when sam started to cry and asked why the left him, i thought it was going to lead to a genuine moment of character bonding, but instead it ends with Ed (or whats his name again) cracking another "Youre fat and useless" line. So was this scene supposed to make us laught? i dont know what to feel, give me a tone D&D.Yeah, my three non-book readers at the end of season one were ALL super pumped for Dany and Jon's arks in season two more than any seven kingdoms plots. Yet, throughout the second season and the first two episodes of season 3, they all took those Jon and Dany scenes as their break to check their cell phones and rest their eyes. No joke.Plus, not to mention the laughability of Jon "assimilating" into the wildlings being so unbelievable and the pointless waste of time Ygritte flrting with Jon was. And how hilarious every Dany scene ever was in how awful they all were.and now i have stumbled upon another problem. it feels like the characters are repeating themselves way too much. I have never heard Ed deliver a single line that is not basicly "yo sam you suck, and i tell you this because were bros", delivered with the exact same tone and speech-rythm. it was funny the first couple of times, now its just starting to feel annoying and old. This even applies to central characters like Joffery, since he became king i dont think we have had a single scene between him and cerscei (and some other characters, namely tyrion in S2) that doesnt end with him saying something that translates to "IM AM TEH KING I CAN DO WHAT I WANT DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO OK?". i know this is intentional to show us how Cerscei is losing control over joffery and realizing that she has created a monster that she cant control, but it becomes repetitive and leaves the impression that the character only has one note to play.I am so fucking BORED with Joffrey.The problem with the show and Jack is Jack is SUCH a phenomenal actor, that he just OWNS the role and makes everyone hate him. But since he's older, and since he's such an amazing actor, the show has to make HIM be more the driving evil in KL and not Cersei. BUT this is counterproductive to the plot since ALL Joffrey really does in ACoK and ASoS is throw pissyfits, beat Sansa and shoot his crossbow. And die. In hindsight, Joffrey was mainly just a puppet and was more or less a decoy antagonist in the same way Viserys was in the first book.I'd be fine if the show managed to write around it, to keep older show Joffrey in control instead of his mother, and if he DID stuff. But he doesn't. I think there may have been MORE of Joff in the first two eps of season 3 than any other character in that two episode period. Which is not right.As for Sam, yeah, no fucks given about that plot. There were about ten FB statuses that appeared on my Newsfeed about the major DA FUCK GAME OF THRONES regarding that cliffhanger / opening. NO ONE was pleased with that cop out.in season 2 i felt like i was going to throw up everytime daenerys went into a dramatic rant about being the blood of the dragon and how she would conquer the world, whenever someone didnt give her what she wanted.Yeah, fuck anything and everything Dany in the second season. Including Dany herself. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 10:18 AM.
1879	scurvy	2013-04-11	If they stopped making up scenes involving Cat they could probably fit in more Jaime and Brienne and Arya&Brotherhood/Arya/Hound story. But, they need to destroy Cat and create a larger role for Natalie Dormer, so...
1880	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	I don't know if this was supposed to be an answer to my post. I've seen you respond to people without quoting them when you're posting after them, but the post seems to not contain responses to a lot of what I wrote.As for what you wrote here, I think you skip over a lot of important things that happen. Jon becoming Commander is not more relevant than that we learn that the Wildlings have united for fear of the White Walkers. Or that the White Walkers represent a threat that a big part of the Night's Watch was just slaughtered by them. We've also learned that the WW's aren't just killing everything, Jon will be learning new things, breaking new vows and viewers will wonder whether he'll be returning to the NW at all. Sam is shown to be the coward that will ultimately fail for the first time since first season, unless I forgot something in season 2. It's a natural set up for what's to come for him as he will prove himself later on.If you haven't heard Edd say something that's not bad about Sam then you're not paying any attention. That could be a significant part in why you have trouble enjoying it. As for Joffrey, he is pretty much all about doing exactly what he wants because he's king in the novels. But still, apart from his sadistic and entitled side the show is showing us his fearful and insecure side as well.And if you have such overly dramatic reactions like in your last sentence, I'm not really sure why you're watching. I'd never watch anything that I found to be that bad so I have a hard time relating.I know that these scenes exist to give us information or set things up for coming events, and that is my entire issue. If you study screenwriting, you learn pretty early on that you want to avoid creating scenes that only exist to provide expositional dialogue. If a scene is there simply to feed us with information and keep the plot going, without being able to stand on its own as an interesting/emotional scene, the audience will get bored very quickly and stop caring about whatever you are trying to tell them. That is my issue with the Jon arc in the series and especially the scenes in this episode, they are just expositional dialogue there to tell us whats going on or in the case of Orell, teach us more about Warging. But the scenes themselves arent very interesting or engaging.
1881	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	I know that these scenes exist to give us information or set things up for coming events, and that is my entire issue. If you study screenwriting, you learn pretty early on that you want to avoid creating scenes that only exist to provide expositional dialogue. If a scene is there simply to feed us with information and keep the plot going, without being able to stand on its own as an interesting/emotional scene, the audience will get bored very quickly and stop caring about whatever you are trying to tell them. That is my issue with the Jon arc in the series and especially the scenes in this episode, they are just expositional dialogue there to tell us whats going on or in the case of Orell, teach us more about Warging. But the scenes themselves arent very interesting or engaging.Obviously this show doesn't have big problems with keeping the interest of people, seeing how it's HBO's biggest success ever all things considered. On a personal note I'm never bored during the episodes either. If the characters are interesting, and the story they are involved in is compelling, then the scenes will work for me. That goes even more if it's a setting that I want to immerse myself in and delve deeper into. This is a matter of opinion so everyone can have their own, but I'd say that you're wrong if you're trying to make it into a general fact.As for studying screenwriting, I've never really cared about formalizing writing. Tolkien did a ton of errors if you look at it from the normal rules of writing but yet his work has risen to great heights, even being the foundation for an entire modern genre. The same goes for a writer like Tarantino. He can have long scenes where his characters talk about nothing that's relevant to the plot at all, and I'm still completely engulfed by them (not every single movie he's made but his best work).
1882	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	If they stopped making up scenes involving Cat they could probably fit in more Jaime and Brienne and Arya&Brotherhood/Arya/Hound story. But, they need to destroy Cat and create a larger role for Natalie Dormer, so...i will give the cat scene a pass since it was pretty engaging and well written in the context of the series, regardless if it contradicts book-cat or not. As for Natalie Dormer, she already plays a pretty imporant role in the story, and as a relativley new character i dont mind that she gets some screentime in order to introduce the character to the audience, wich i think they have done pretty well. We know that she is intelligent and knows how to play the game, wich builds up for tension between the tyrells and the lannisters. It would be more confusing if they kept her in the shadows with no real established personality.
1883	Sun	2013-04-11	Unlike MOST story arcs in the show, rather.ASoS is easily the fastest paced book in the series, by far. But to be fair, it's NOT the book's fault. It's the show's fault for being so fucking stupid in season two.The only character who, IMO, "meandered" and was slow in the whole of the first three books was Arya in ASoS(her BWB chapters weren't anywhere nearly as rewarding as i'd hoped they'd be, and her non-red wedding chapters with Sandor were mih aside from the last one)Even in AFfC/ADwD, the only characters who really feel to me as meandering and tiresome are Arya and Samwell. But, opinions.1st of all, though I agree that ASOS is the fastest paced book, it certainly suffers in pacing for the first third, perhaps even half, of the book. It starts off slow, and it takes its time to get going. Arya's plot meanders from the end of ACOk onwards. Dany's, I would argue for the whole of ACOK, and all of ADWD. ALL of AFFC is effectively meandering, except for the Kings Landing arc, and even that could have used some editing. Brienne's for the entirety of AFFC.Frankly I find it astonishing that you would admonish a 10 episode series for meandering, and then with the same breath defend the pacing and plotting of AFFC/ADWD, which imo are pretty indefensible. I agree with you that season 2 of the show was as a whole, terrible. And that it is in large part due to poor writing choices. However, so far, the 3rd season, what we can judge of it from 2 episodes, has been a pleasant surprise. Some wasted scenes here and there (Tyrion/Shae), but nothing too egregious, and certainly nothing that would have me screaming waste of time.
1884	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	As for studying screenwriting, I've never really cared about formalizing writing. Tolkien did a ton of errors if you look at it from the normal rules of writing but yet his work has risen to great heights, even being the foundation for an entire modern genre. The same goes for a writer like Tarantino. He can have long scenes where his characters talk about nothing that's relevant to the plot at all, and I'm still completely engulfed by them (not every single movie he's made but his best work).the first part is obviously down to personal opinion, but this part made me feel like you missed my point entierly. I never said story exposition in general is a bad thing, the point is that you need to keep the pacing, dialogue and characters in the scene interesting while feeding the audience with information, otherwise it just becomes flat expositional dialogue, with no other purpose than to keep the plot going. Tarantino is a pretty bad example if youre trying to argue with this point, since most of his movies are almost entierly character-driven and the story usualy takes a backseat to the well written characters and dialogues. Most of his storys are pretty simple and require almost no exposition at all. He is a perfect example of a director who knows how to almost skip expositional dialogue completley.
1885	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	For those interested(Maester Ruin, Tywin's Bastard, anyone else) I made a super long post at the very end of the second page responding to many different posters in the thread. So if you didn't see that, you should definitely read it, cause that post took a bit to write out. Thanks!1st of all, though I agree that ASOS is the fastest paced book, it certainly suffers in pacing for the first third, perhaps even half, of the book. It starts off slow, and it takes its time to get going.All the books start slow. But I disagree, all of ASoS is quite fast paced. It just doesn't FEEL that way since it takes place over such a long period of time in-story and since it's the longest book. AGoT and ACoK both took 200 pages to suck me in, AFfC and ADwD both probably took me 300-400 pages to get drawn in. ASoS? I was drawn in by the end of the fucking prologue.Arya's plot meanders from the end of ACOk onwards. Dany's, I would argue for the whole of ACOK, and all of ADWD. ALL of AFFC is effectively meandering, except for the Kings Landing arc, and even that could have used some editing. Brienne's for the entirety of AFFC.Disagree with AFfC, as you'll see below. I think EVERY Arya chapter in A Clash of Kings is great. Actually, the tragic thing about Arya, is I find all her chapters in AGoT, ASoS, AFfC and ADwD to be all quite boring and skipworthy... yet EVERY chapter of hers in A Clash of Kings is absolutely gorgeous and amazing. As for Dany in ACoK, it really wasn't that boring. And for only five chapters, A LOT of important character and prophecy development occurred. As for ADwD Dany, it's entertaining at least.Frankly I find it astonishing that you would admonish a 10 episode series for meandering, and then with the same breath defend the pacing and plotting of AFFC/ADWD, which imo are pretty indefensible.Eh, I would rearrange all the chapters. Make all the Jaime/Cersei/Vic/Asha/Areo chapters appear in Fest, and whatnot. Make it so not a single POV character overlapped between the two books. And made more references and whatnot to the plotlines of the other book, without going into detail, creating mystery.But when it comes to pacing of chapters and plots and all that stuff? Eh. I found those Aeron and very first Asha chapter obnoxious, as well as the Arya, Bran and nearly every Samwell chapters.But everyone else? Vic, post-first chapter Asha, Quentyn, Barristan, Tyrion, Jon, Dany, Sansa, Cersei, Brienne, Arianne, etc. were all brilliant.Particularly Brienne. I think Septon Meribald's speech in that Brienne chapter may just be my favorite page in ALL of A Song of Ice & Fire.I agree with you that season 2 of the show was as a whole, terrible. And that it is in large part due to poor writing choices. However, so far, the 3rd season, what we can judge of it from 2 episodes, has been a pleasant surprise. Some wasted scenes here and there (Tyrion/Shae), but nothing too egregious, and certainly nothing that would have me screaming waste of time.Agreed, I suppose.I never said story exposition in general is a bad thing, the point is that you need to keep the pacing, dialogue and characters in the scene interesting while feeding the audience with information, otherwise it just becomes flat expositional dialogue, with no other purpose than to keep the plot going.This. SO MUCH in the first season was expository, but had lots of other brilliance and emotional/world building/character building importance to them. The second season and third season thus far is JUST the exposition without the other parts.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 10:52 AM.
1886	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	It's not the violence or the climax that's important. It's the suspense of "WHO IS WHERE? WITH WHOM? WHERE ARE THEY MOVING NEXT? WILL THEY WIN? OH, WHAT HAPPENS NOW THAT THE IRONMEN ARE ATTACKING THE NORTH? OH, I WONDER IF DORNE WILL SIDE WITH RENLY OR WHAT. Etc."I find anything militaristic and strategic in the books to be the most SUSPENSEFUL aspect of the entire series, and even if we only learn a few details about specific battles, I have enough imagination to make it even better in my own mind than reading about it. Except when necessary, like the Blackwater and the NW battles.That's just like, my opinion though. If a show  ENTIRELY centered around a story about war being horrible and pointless decides to complete bypass everything, you know, war in exchange for soap opera Tyrion-and-Shae, Robb-and-Whatsherface, Ros-and-Littlefinger scenes then I guess the show just never understood the books to begin with.Of course it will be a bigger sense of lacking in the show if that's your favorite parts of the books. Personally I think the story is all about the characters and that the overall story is just background for them to develop in. I of course enjoy a lot of facets of the books and I think everyone can decide for themselves what the books are about.To be fair, those scenes were rather long and dreary and were just Jaime japping around. Also, lol @ some random villager having seen Jaime Lannister before AND running into Locke AND knowing where Jaime was exactly. Just all around LOL to that whole thing.Every Jaime Lannister scene from season two was awful though. Great acting and such, just terrible writing.That's pretty much exactly what it was in the books, but longer. Their conversations tell you a lot about the characters as well so there's a lot going on unless you can't sit still during the parts without action.As for your comments about the villager, I don't see the strange part at all. If you're a party out searching for someone you will of course ask everyone you meet if they've seen who you're looking for. Locke will of course have figured out which areas they will most likely travel through and because he is in the area it's not completely unlikely that he'll run into a villager that isn't hiding from them, who could tell you where he saw them and in which direction they were travelling at the time. Why do you think that the villager knew exactly where they were? That seems like a pretty dumb conclusion to draw instead of that Locke, Bolton's best tracker, used his information to find them.What do you think would have made more sense? That Locke actually was tracking their footprints? That it's more likely that he runs into the two that's trying to hide from armed men than a villager? I find no other option more likely (some about equal) but they don't necessarily present any moral choices like this one did.Really? From a scene transition standpoint, it really feels like there's no flow in season two(or three) to me. But when it comes to like, the scenes themselves, in the first season every episode had it's own ark for select scenes by a certain character. Second/third seasons there's no in-episode ark, it's just random scenes.From both a cinematic standpoint, and a plot standpoint, I see no way it flows better now.Yes, really. Not much to say if you don't even remember the most obvious ones like how season 2 used the comet to bring a more coherent line between the different places. I also think that more scenes get the time to breathe after the first season, and this is despite that I think the first season is better than the second. That goes mainly because I think the story in the first is better and more easily told, but I think the craftsmanship in the second beats the first pretty clearly.These are all wishful thinking. Obviously what's done is done, and obviously it wasn't my show. But still, I can dream. As for the nudity... there's DEFINITELY more of it in the show than in all five of the books put together. As to the descriptiveness, you're right, some of the sex scenes are definitely more vivid than what's shown in the show - but with text comes metaphors, symbolism, insight into characters thoughts, etc. so sex scenes(whether tragic, horrifying or lovely) can all be quite beautiful in their own way. Sex scenes in TV or film can be as well, but I don't believe there has been a single nudity scene in the show thus far that I consider artistic. Except perhaps Theon on the boat with the wench, that scene was brilliantly done and well acted, and gave us a good insight into Theon. And an excellent parallel, as he gets bitched slapped around for the rest of the season.We can dream but I don't really see the point of dragging up impossible dreams in discussions. Seems like a road to nowhere.As for the sex scenes there has hardly been any in two seasons that were to just show sex/two people wanting each other (as many movies and shows do). Nearly all scenes with nudity in GoT were about something completely different. Some people aren't comfortable with nudity so they can get jarred out of what the scene is really about but for me that was never a problem. Hence that the show gave birth to the term sexposition, because it was never about the sex.I'm just basing this all off my roomies who only watched the show, haven't rewatched the show since last year and haven't read the books. (well, one read the first 400 pages of AGoT and got bored and stopped, but he doesn't count)People just don't understand who is who, what is what as easily as people who've watched the show multiple times through thus far and read the books. Hell, it wasn't until I was at the very end of season two before I realized who Roose Bolton was in the show. I just thought it was some nameless general.Naturally not all people will be able to keep up, something that also goes for the books. I don't see it as a general problem with that the show doesn't tell us things though, I just think that the show assumes that the audience can think and forces them to make a bit of an effort to get everything. It should be an aspect you like since you felt that it was dumbed down with the strategic things.As for Roose Bolton they both name him and he has his sigil on his armor so I think the show presented him well, especially as he wasn't very important that season.Wasn't David behind both Wolverine and The Last Stand? Wolverine was decent, but really not worth the watch, and The Last Stand was fucking atrocious in about a million different ways.I could be misremembering though, I don't know much about what went on to make those movies and whatnot other than that Hugh Jackson is a beast.No, he hasn't had anything to do with the X-Men series. I don't remember where I read that his script was changed very significantly by others before being used but I've seen it at a few places. As for the movies I liked The Last Stand more than Wolverine. Neither was very good but I enjoyed some parts of TLS (mainly Ian McKellen as Magneto).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
1887	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	This. SO MUCH in the first season was expository, but had lots of other brilliance and emotional/world building/character building importance to them. The second season and third season thus far is JUST the exposition without the other parts.I agree about season 1, but i do think Season 2 had some engaging scenes, the scenes between cerscei and tyrion were very well acted and had some emotional depth to them, and i thought theons face-off with Balon ("you gave me away, remember? the day you bent the knee to robert baratheon, after he crushed you. Did he take what was yours then?") was intense and had a lot of things going on emotionally. but the rest of the arcs where pretty bland yeah, especially Robbs.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 11:05 AM.
1888	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	the first part is obviously down to personal opinion, but this part made me feel like you missed my point entierly. I never said story exposition in general is a bad thing, the point is that you need to keep the pacing, dialogue and characters in the scene interesting while feeding the audience with information, otherwise it just becomes flat expositional dialogue, with no other purpose than to keep the plot going. Tarantino is a pretty bad example if youre trying to argue with this point, since most of his movies are almost entierly character-driven and the story usualy takes a backseat to the well written characters and dialogues. Most of his storys are pretty simple and require almost no exposition at all. He is a perfect example of a director who knows how to almost skip expositional dialogue completley.But you're again dragging it into the realm of personal opinion. Of course things need to be interesting, that kind of says itself, but what's interesting is subjective. I've referred to both my own opinion and the success of the show to establish that there's no base for talking about the show not making it's exposition interesting as a general opinion.As for Tarantino I mentioned him because he's gotten a good deal of criticism for having long scenes that doesn't lead anywhere and drag down the pace of the story. In the same manner that's not seldom what he gets a ton of praise for from those that like what he does. As for him not having much exposition, I don't see why exposition would be worse than talking about "nothing".
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 April 2013 - 11:07 AM.
1889	Sun	2013-04-11	Long post.You and I disagree wildly regarding the books, so diametric are our opinions that I doubt we could ever reach a middle ground. But since all opinions are subjective, I'm quite happy to leave it at that.
1890	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-11	Hey guys,Storm of Swords is one of my favorite books of all-time and when they said they would be splitting it into two season, I thought for certain this would mean they would fit more in.I've heard millions of people say this including GRRM himself. It's wishful thinking that next season will only cover 300 pages of SoS. While season one, two and three covered ~800 pages. I hope next season doesn't try to slow down that much.My favorite storyline in the book is by far Jaime's. In the book, he and Brienne have 3 full chapter- which a pretty long at that- before they are captured by Lord Vargo. In this season, we were given one scene- that was masterful- and the duel, that was underwhelming. Why not flesh out these two before being captured? I know they had some scenes at the end of last season, but I feel shortchanged on the best duo in the series.So you realize that the first chapter or two of Jaime's was covered the first two seasons of the show right?I also love Arya and the Brotherhood without banners. I knwo we can't expect them to cast all the member of the brotherhood, but I really wish they would have kept around Tom O'Sevens AND Thoros. Greenbeard, Lem, the Huntsman and some of the others may have been too much, but certainly Harwin being a Winterfell man should have been included.And they have already captured the Hound! This takes fairly later in Arya's journey. I hope we get to see more of the brotherhood!Bards are a dime a dozen. Why cast an actor for a minor role this season and one that happens way down the road? I'll take more Hound over Harwin who does nothing but capture her because he's a better horse rider than Arya.Anyone that knows Arya can identify her, why is she got to be betrayed by someone from Winterfell that she knows be so important?Arya has 9 chapters in SoS before the RW. All these chapters take place over weeks and often multiple locations like Acorn hill, high heart, lady of leaves place, etc. I'd expect some of her story to have to be cut if she's going to do the "important" stuff in her arc.i will give the cat scene a pass since it was pretty engaging and well written in the context of the series, regardless if it contradicts book-cat or not. As for Natalie Dormer, she already plays a pretty imporant role in the story, and as a relativley new character i dont mind that she gets some screentime in order to introduce the character to the audience, wich i think they have done pretty well. We know that she is intelligent and knows how to play the game, wich builds up for tension between the tyrells and the lannisters. It would be more confusing if they kept her in the shadows with no real established personality.Contradicts her character? No. Contradicts Catelyn's history in the books? Yes. Her prayers to the gods concerning Jon Snow would've gone unanswered or we would've probably heard about this in a Cat POV in the books. Much of the history of people has been altered or rewritten it's not the first time this has happened and it won't be the last.We get nothing between Joffrey and Margaery in the books and we only hear about PR stuff in third person, all of it was going on though, right?
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 11 April 2013 - 11:11 AM.
1891	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	I've heard millions of people say this including GRRM himself. It's wishful thinking that next season will only cover 300 pages of SoS. While season one, two and three covered ~800 pages. I hope next season doesn't try to slow down that much.So you realize that the first chapter or two of Jaime's was covered the first two seasons of the show right?Bards are a dime a dozen. Why cast an actor for a minor role this season and one that happens way down the road? I'll take more Hound over Harwin who does nothing but capture her because he's a better horse rider than Arya.Anyone that knows Arya can identify her, why is she got to be betrayed by someone from Winterfell that she knows be so important?Arya has 9 chapters in SoS before the RW. All these chapters take place over weeks and often multiple locations like Acorn hill, high heart, lady of leaves place, etc. I'd expect some of her story to have to be cut if she's going to do the "important" stuff in her arc.Contradicts her character? No. Contradicts Catelyn's history in the books? Yes. Her prayers to the gods concerning Jon Snow would've gone unanswered or we would've probably heard about this in a Cat POV in the books. Much of the history of people has been altered or rewritten it's not the first time this has happened and it won't be the last.We get nothing between Joffrey and Margaery in the books and we only hear about PR stuff in third person, all of it was going on though, right?But the series doesnt follow the strict "POV" narrative of the books. She is still a pretty central character in the story (even if we only see her through other characters eyes in the books) so it makes sense to give her a proper introduction. If we were to follow the strict narratives from the books, we would have missed out on a ton of great scenes.
1892	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Of course it will be a bigger sense of lacking in the show if that's your favorite parts of the books. Personally I think the story is all about the characters and that the overall story is just background for them to develop in. I of course enjoy a lot of facets of the books and I think everyone can decide for themselves what the books are about.The show guts everything military, they gut more or less ALL sense of what the commoners and soldiers are dealing with, it guts all prophecies, it alters nearly every damn character, it omits major plot points and Game players and historical details, etc, etc.The only thing the show goes all out on is terrible soap opera romance(which NOBODY likes) and shitloads of nudity for shtis and giggles, which most people disapprove of at least SOME of.As for your comments about the villager, I don't see the strange part at all. If you're a party out searching for someone you will of course ask everyone you meet if they've seen who you're looking for. Locke will of course have figured out which areas they will most likely travel through and because he is in the area it's not completely unlikely that he'll run into a villager that isn't hiding from them, who could tell you where he saw them and in which direction they were travelling at the time. Why do you think that the villager knew exactly where they were? That seems like a pretty dumb conclusion to draw instead of that Locke, Bolton's best tracker, used his information to find them.Showing Brienne this way was kind of weird though. They had NO PROBLEM with Brienne slaying two of Renly's guards, and random Northern men(despite her never killing anyone yet at this point in the series) YET she was willing to let a villager live despite her oaths and the dangers? The show has depicted Bri one way, then turned back and painted her the original way.It's contradictary and frustrating. The villager dilema i'd like more if Brienne was obviously against killing and such in the show too. *shrug*What do you think would have made more sense? That Locke actually was tracking their footprints? That it's more likely that he runs into the two that's trying to hide from armed men than a villager? I find no other option more likely (some about equal) but they don't necessarily present any moral choices like this one did.I actually wish it was the way it was. Tywin's former bannerman run into them by chance, Jaime is CONVINCED he's saved, only to be absolutely DEVASTED when he was so wrong and when he loses his arm.Being hunted is kind of lolzie since it's a whole continent and all, and while their destination is obviously south, they(Locke) have no idea how they're going to get there.Yes, really. Not much to say if you don't even remember the most obvious ones like how season 2 used the comet to bring a more coherent line between the different places. I also think that more scenes get the time to breathe after the first season, and this is despite that I think the first season is better than the second. That goes mainly because I think the story in the first is better and more easily told, but I think the craftsmanship in the second beats the first pretty clearly.I actually found the Red Commet to be horribly jarring and vastly no where nearly as cool or creative as it was in the book. I appreciate what they were trying, but... eh.I don't know what you mean by giving scenes time to breath though. MUCH shorter scenes, in a spuratic order and moving at a super lightning face pace for no reason and not focusing on individual characters undermine the whole experience. That last bit is something YOU should appreciate particularly, since you like characters.We can dream but I don't really see the point of dragging up impossible dreams in discussions. Seems like a road to nowhere.Some people like hypothetical situations. Especially myself, since i'm an aspiring author and screenwriter and I like to think about what I do/don't like in stories, what I would've done different if I could, etc.It is a road to no where, but it's a good way to examine whether or not a story ACTUALLY makes sense or not, and good practice for storycrafting in your head.As for the sex scenes there has hardly been any in two seasons that were to just show sex/two people wanting each other (as many movies and shows do). Nearly all scenes with nudity in GoT were about something completely different. Some people aren't comfortable with nudity so they can get jarred out of what the scene is really about but for me that was never a problem. Hence that the show gave birth to the term sexposition, because it was never about the sex.it was about tits and pointless exposition together as one. In some cases, it worked, like with the Tyrion intro scene in the absolute first episode or in Visery's tub scene. Most of the time, it was terrible. Particularly awful was Littlefinger's storytime to two lesbians.Naturally not all people will be able to keep up, something that also goes for the books. I don't see it as a general problem with that the show doesn't tell us things though, I just think that the show assumes that the audience can think and forces them to make a bit of an effort to get everything. It should be an aspect you like since you felt that it was dumbed down with the strategic things.I would like it if this is the way it was OUTSIDE of the fact that it results in the show making it seem like there's a major war going on and that everyone's sitting around doing nothing.As for Roose Bolton they both name him and he has his sigil on his armor so I think the show presented him well, especially as he wasn't very important that season.None of my room mates know his name, his sigil or what where his seat is located. It's obvious for book readers, but nonreaders don't have any fucking clue.No, he hasn't had anything to do with the X-Men series. I don't remember where I read that his script was changed very significantly by others before being used but I've seen it at a few places. As for the movies I liked The Last Stand more than Wolverine. Neither was very good but I enjoyed some parts of TLS (mainly Ian McKellen as Magneto).Didn't really enjoy much of either, but the acting in Wolverine was very good. The Last Stand was an all around joke. Making Rogue give up her powers, really? Ugh, that's just the peak of my disgust with that movie. Which is hilarious, since X-Men United and First Class were fucking BRILLIANT.But yeah, don't really know much about David's involvement with the X-Men movies other than that he was involved somehow.Anyone that knows Arya can identify her, why is she got to be betrayed by someone from Winterfell that she knows be so important?Arya has 9 chapters in SoS before the RW. All these chapters take place over weeks and often multiple locations like Acorn hill, high heart, lady of leaves place, etc. I'd expect some of her story to have to be cut if she's going to do the "important" stuff in her arc.All this. Exactly. Besides introducing Arya early and getting the duel done nice and early, it means Sandor can disappear for a few episodes after next episode before returning. Whereas in the book he returned the very next chapter. All around agree with this creative choice.As for MEL? I'll have to see how they handle this before making an opinion.You and I disagree wildly regarding the books, so diametric are our opinions that I doubt we could ever reach a middle ground. But since all opinions are subjective, I'm quite happy to leave it at that.Fair enough. hahaBut the series doesnt follow the strict "POV" narrative of the books. She is still a pretty central character in the story (even if we only see her through other characters eyes in the books) so it makes sense to give her a proper introduction. If we were to follow the strict narratives from the books, we would have missed out on a ton of great scenes.Eh, only a handful of great scenes.I agree about season 1, but i do think Season 2 had some engaging scenes, the scenes between cerscei and tyrion were very well acted and had some emotional depth to them, and i thought theons face-off with Balon ("you gave me away, remember? the day you bent the knee to robert baratheon, after he crushed you. Did he take what was yours then?") was intense and had a lot of things going on emotionally. but the rest of the arcs where pretty bland yeah, especially Robbs.Well those scenes weren't exposition specifically, they were all plot moving on. Cersei/Tyrion's dance and Theon being treated like a bitch? Not expository scenes, but mandatory for the plot.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 05:07 PM.
1893	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	So much of the boring exposition is based around the past, and could be scrapped if the writers changed their idiotic "no flashbacks" policy. The reason people use flashbacks in movies or TV-series to begin with is that its much more interesting for the audience to watch something happen first hand in a flashback, than to listen to someone re-tell the same story in a monologue. Even the books use flashbacks as a narrative tool for gods sake.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 11 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
1894	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	I think that the action is being rushed, with the result that much of the essential information is omitted, thus causing the action to be a bit "all over the place".  Some of the additions I liked (Margaery and Joff with the cross bow - loved how she played him), but not the bit with Tyrion and Shae or the bit with Cat and Talisa (definitely two of my least favority characters). Liked the way they handled Jojen and Meera's introduction - thought they quickly and succinctly provided much needed material (even a great set-up for later on via the  Rebellion discussion). BUT thought that Arya's scenes were rushed, and I really, really hope they don't do that with the Arya/Sandor scenes!!!  Or with the rest of the Jaime/Brienne scenes.
1895	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	The show guts everything military, they gut more or less ALL sense of what the commoners and soldiers are dealing with, it guts all prophecies, it alters nearly every damn character, it omits major plot points and Game players and historical details, etc, etc.The only thing the show goes all out on is terrible soap opera romance(which NOBODY likes) and shitloads of nudity for shtis and giggles, which most people disapprove of at least SOME of.And yet this is one of the more faithful adaptations I've seen when taken into context how extremely difficult this story is to translate into a different medium. A lot of complaints seem to rely very much on unrealistic expectations and being too attached to the original work and it's always a shame to foil yourself. I absolutely love the book series but I've felt it natural not to expect too much from an adaptation since even simple stories are never as good as a good book in my view.As for the specifics, it feels pretty natural to not focus that much on what happens to those that aren't important characters when they don't have even remotely enough time to spend on those do show what's in the books. The story needs to be abbreviated, which at some times mean shortening things and at other times removing things entirely. As for prophecies we've already been told that they are pushed closer to when they matter but they will still be in (although I'm guessing not all of them, of course).Your last sentence reminds me that you seem pretty inclined to write your opinions as if they were facts, which they are not.Showing Brienne this way was kind of weird though. They had NO PROBLEM with Brienne slaying two of Renly's guards, and random Northern men(despite her never killing anyone yet at this point in the show) YET she was willing to let a villager live despite her oaths and the dangers? The show has depicted Bri one way, then turned back and painted her the original way.It's contradictary and frustrating. The villager dilema i'd like more if Brienne was obviously against killing and such in the show too. *shrug*So you mean that it's strange that she's willing to kill men that are actively trying to kill her (after trying to avoid it first, when it comes to the northmen) but that she isn't willing to kill someone for just walking by and being nice? I don't see any contradiction or lack of logic here. In fact I'd say that most humans would be willing to fight for their lives but not be willing to murder someone in cold blood.I actually wish it was the way it was. Tywin's former bannerman run into them by chance, Jaime is CONVINCED he's saved, only to be absolutely DEVASTED when he was so wrong and when he loses his arm.Being hunted is kind of lolzie since it's a whole continent and all, and while their destination is obviously south, they(Locke) have no idea how they're going to get there.Again we reach the point of pretty irrelevant wishes. They aren't going to spend the time showing a sellsword company to establish them and how they are switching sides, so that part just never had any real chance of happening.Why would being hunted be strange? They know where they are going and they know what paths are the most probable (making the argument that there's a whole continent pretty moot), they can travel a lot faster and they can ask people who might have seen them. It's not an easy task but a lot stranger things and coincidences happen in this story.I actually found the Red Commet to be horribly jarring and vastly no where nearly as cool or creative as it was in the book. I appreciate what they were trying, but... eh.I don't know what you mean by giving scenes time to breath though. MUCH shorter scenes, in a spuratic order and moving at a super lightning face pace for no reason and not focusing on individual characters undermine the whole experience. That last bit is something YOU should appreciate particularly, since you like characters.I don't think we'll come any closer on this point. As I said, it was common to see reviews talking about the better flow and coherence of the second season so it's been noted by a lot of people. If you didn't like it that's just how it is as it's about taste.Some people like hypothetical situations. Especially myself, since i'm an aspiring author and screenwriter and I like to think about what I do/don't like in stories, what I would've done different if I could, etc.It is a road to no where, but it's a good way to examine whether or not a story ACTUALLY makes sense or not, and good practice for storycrafting in your head.There's nothing bad about it in itself, I just don't think it adds anything to the discussion about what's actually in there.I don't agree with the second sentence though. Comparing it to the book doesn't show anything in particular about making sense, the scenes must be taken into the context of what the show has told us.it was about tits and pointless exposition together as one. In some cases, it worked, like with the Tyrion intro scene in the absolute first episode or in Visery's tub scene. Most of the time, it was terrible. Particularly awful was Littlefinger's storytime to two lesbians.Again a matter of opinion and I disagree. But of course nudity is used deliberately, as everything else that's shown. Watching True Blood made me realize even more how little GoT sex scenes try to arouse the viewer in comparison. There's a show that really shows sex for the sole purpose of showing sex.I would like it if this is the way it was OUTSIDE of the fact that it results in the show making it seem like there's a major war going on and that everyone's sitting around doing nothing.That's not the impression I'm getting.None of my room mates know his name, his sigil or what where his seat is located. It's obvious for book readers, but nonreaders don't have any fucking clue.I wrote about Roose because you said that you didn't figure out who he was until late in the season. I just showed that the information was there. And you shouldn't be lumping all non-readers into the same category. I know a couple who got his name and understood that he was a bannerman to Robb. It's not easy to get since there's a ton of information coming in a steady stream, but it's not the same thing as to say that no one has a clue about who he is.Didn't really enjoy much of either, but the acting in Wolverine was very good. The Last Stand was an all around joke. Making Rogue give up her powers, really? Ugh, that's just the peak of my disgust with that movie. Which is hilarious, since X-Men United and First Class were fucking BRILLIANT.But yeah, don't really know much about David's involvement with the X-Men movies other than that he was involved somehow.I think killing Xavier was far worse than the Rogue thing. At least parts of he hate her powers, while the other thing was just killing one of the best acted characters. I agree that X-Men 2 and First Class were really good. Magneto is one of the best acted characters in superhero movies, despite being portrayed by two different people.It's a bit fun that David is somewhat known as a writer for Wolverine and Troy, and from what I've heard both of those scripts were altered quite a bit by others before used, and in both cases the rumors seem to be that it was for the worse (likely due to the studio demanding things).As a final note I do get a bit surprised that you're still watching the show, since you seem to mainly have gripes with it and you use quite strong language to describe those so they seem to be really significant. I'm not telling you what to do or anything, I just personally don't think it seems really worth it to watch something that actively annoys me. There can of course also just be a difference in focus between you and me. I don't like everything on the show either, but I tend to focus mostly on what I do like since that kind of thinking makes it easier to be entertained.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 April 2013 - 03:03 PM.
1896	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	So much of the boring exposition is based around the past, and could be scrapped if the writers changed their idiotic "no flashbacks" policy. The reason people use flashbacks in movies or TV-series to begin with is that its much more interesting for the audience to watch something happen first hand in a flashback, than to listen to someone re-tell the same story in a monologue. Even the books use flashbacks as a narrative tool for gods sake.Not even necessarily flashback scenes. Just occasional dreams(from NOT Bran) and a much better House of the Undying, and more elaboration on some historical details, would've been enough.And yet this is one of the more faithful adaptations I've seen when taken into context how extremely difficult this story is to translate into a different medium.Which, realistically, isn't something positive about Game of Thrones. What this actually is is a negative towards nearly all adaptions out there.The goal of adapting something into a different medium, or remaking something, should be to provide something enjoyable and artistic and EXPAND on the original universe. Not condense it and chop away the meat on the bones which makes the plot and characters work.A lot of complaints seem to rely very much on unrealistic expectations and being too attached to the original work and it's always a shame to foil yourself. I absolutely love the book series but I've felt it natural not to expect too much from an adaptation since even simple stories are never as good as a good book in my view.I wouldn't say i'm too attached to the original books specifically, hell, there are loads that if I was GRRM I myself would've done differently. *shrugs*As for the specifics, it feels pretty natural to not focus that much on what happens to those that aren't important characters when they don't have even remotely enough time to spend on those do show what's in the books. The story needs to be abbreviated, which at some times mean shortening things and at other times removing things entirely. As for prophecies we've already been told that they are pushed closer to when they matter but they will still be in (although I'm guessing not all of them, of course).lol @ Prophecies in the show. ZOMG SEA'S COMING TO WASH US AWAY, next episode, THEON. Smooth show, almost fooled me...Your last sentence reminds me that you seem pretty inclined to write your opinions as if they were facts, which they are not.Oh not true at all. While I do think it is near factual that everyone is disgusted by the existence of Ros, and nearly every littlefinger brothel scene, doesn't mean I consider anything i'm saying as factual. It's all subjective and hypothetical and all that.So you mean that it's strange that she's willing to kill men that are actively trying to kill her (after trying to avoid it first, when it comes to the northmen) but that she isn't willing to kill someone for just walking by and being nice? I don't see any contradiction or lack of logic here. In fact I'd say that most humans would be willing to fight for their lives but not be willing to murder someone in cold blood.In the book, she avoided to kill Renly's guards or anyone who came after her post-leaving Riverrun. I swear, people who make TV shows need to go watch Trigun, Rurouni Kenshin, Cowboy Bebop, Full Metal Alchemist, Kaiji, Monster and all the other anime out there that taught little kid me that murder and violence is NEVER right and that there's always another option. In live action television? Everyone killing everyone, no remorse or fucks given.But yeah, a BIG thing about Brienne is her insecurities and fear of not being able to take another human's life. It's a pretty big deal. And yes, for all intents and purposes, killing a "peaceful man" is the same as killing armed assailants because either way you risk your life ending because of it.Again we reach the point of pretty irrelevant wishes. They aren't going to spend the time showing a sellsword company to establish them and how they are switching sides, so that part just never had any real chance of happening.It could've happened if they had more episodes, did Roose Bolton/Ramsay correctly, did Arya correct, etc. But yeah, I see your point,Why would being hunted be strange? They know where they are going and they know what paths are the most probable (making the argument that there's a whole continent pretty moot), they can travel a lot faster and they can ask people who might have seen them. It's not an easy task but a lot stranger things and coincidences happen in this story.Jaime and Brienne just left Riverrun. While there are select paths they were likely to take, and their ultimate destination could be Casterly Rock, could be Highgarden or could be King's Landing. There's simply too many fucking directions from Riverrun they could've went in, so one hunting party? And happening to track them down? Hilariously unbelievable.I don't think we'll come any closer on this point. As I said, it was common to see reviews talking about the better flow and coherence of the second season so it's been noted by a lot of people. If you didn't like it that's just how it is as it's about taste.I just don't see the appeal of shorter scenes, no in-episode arks with most characters and randomized scene changing.I don't agree with the second sentence though. Comparing it to the book doesn't show anything in particular about making sense, the scenes must be taken into the context of what the show has told us.And even IN context, many scenes simply don't make sense. Everything Samwell hasn't been making sense, the Battle of Blackwater makes ZERO sense, Littlefinger's jetpack from place to place makes no sense, EVERYTHING Dany makes no sense, etc.Again a matter of opinion and I disagree. But of course nudity is used deliberately, as everything else that's shown. Watching True Blood made me realize even more how little GoT sex scenes try to arouse the viewer in comparison. There's a show that really shows sex for the sole purpose of showing sex.And the scene of Theon fucking a chick, followed by ittlefinger watching like half a dozen whores in his house all naked, followed by his 'I destroy my bad whores" speech...? Used deliberately? Yeah deliberately for tit value and shock value. Ugh,And just because something uses something more, doesn't make the comparison better. Would a band that used way too many technical wankery guitar solos suddenly become more bearable when compared to another band with even more wankish guitar solos? I suppose, but the illusion people create is largely a lieI wrote about Roose because you said that you didn't figure out who he was until late in the season. I just showed that the information was there. And you shouldn't be lumping all non-readers into the same category. I know a couple who got his name and understood that he was a bannerman to Robb. It's not easy to get since there's a ton of information coming in a steady stream, but it's not the same thing as to say that no one has a clue about who he is.A lot of people I know don't know who he is, and it's really only on here where i've seen people be like "LOL SO ROOSE BOLTON".While I guess he's shown as kind of Robb's number 2, the audience hasn't really ENTIRELY connected the dotes yet or accepted him Robb's right hand. So it's particularly awkward that he'll be betraying Robb..I think killing Xavier was far worse than the Rogue thing. At least parts of he hate her powers, while the other thing was just killing one of the best acted characters. I agree that X-Men 2 and First Class were really good. Magneto is one of the best acted characters in superhero movies, despite being portrayed by two different people.Yeah, the actors for Magneto were brilliant. Pretty much everything Last Stand was horrid. Killing off Scott. I mean, DA FUCK MOVIES.It's a bit fun that David is somewhat known as a writer for Wolverine and Troy, and from what I've heard both of those scripts were altered quite a bit by others before used, and in both cases the rumors seem to be that it was for the worse (likely due to the studio demanding things).Shit happens.As a final note I do get a bit surprised that you're still watching the show, since you seem to mainly have gripes with it and you use quite strong language to describe those so they seem to be really significant. I'm not telling you what to do or anything, I just personally don't think it seems really worth it to watch something that actively annoys me. There can of course also just be a difference in focus between you and me. I don't like everything on the show either, but I tend to focus mostly on what I do like since that kind of thinking makes it easier to be entertained.Oh don't get me wrong, I fucking LOVE tearing things apart. I do this with the books too. Only the difference there is I just disagree with single choices and whatnot and agree with the vast majority of the book, whereas I only approve of select pieces of the show. I am mainly hoping that season 3 will turn out awesome and blow me away and make me forget the abysmal rendition of my favorite ASOIAF book A Clash of Kings.And a lot of the acting, locations and soundtracks of seasons 2/3 are brilliant enough to bypass horrible plot butcherings, as long as everything is handled correct. haha
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 05:44 PM.
1897	Maester Ruin	2013-04-11	It could've happened if they had more episodes, did Roose Bolton/Ramsay correctly, did Arya correct, etc. But yeah, I see your point,i have to point out that the scenes between arya and tywin were simply brilliant, one of the better changes/devations the show has made. The acting was wonderful (Williams and Dance are two of my favourites and to put them togheter was amazing) and it felt like the audience got to know Tywin (who, lets face it, was a much more important character than Roose at the time) and they even managed to squeeze in a little bit about his childhood and Tythos without making it feel like forced exposition. It was one of the highpoints of the season in my opinion
1898	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	They were great scenes, well executed, the lines were well done and brilliantly acted. But as a whole, they're quite detrimental to the Arya and even Tywin arks IMO. *shrugs*
1899	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-11	Hey guys,Storm of Swords is one of my favorite books of all-time and when they said they would be splitting it into two season, I thought for certain this would mean they would fit more in.My favorite storyline in the book is by far Jaime's. In the book, he and Brienne have 3 full chapter- which a pretty long at that- before they are captured by Lord Vargo. In this season, we were given one scene- that was masterful- and the duel, that was underwhelming. Why not flesh out these two before being captured? I know they had some scenes at the end of last season, but I feel shortchanged on the best duo in the series.I also love Arya and the Brotherhood without banners. I knwo we can't expect them to cast all the member of the brotherhood, but I really wish they would have kept around Tom O'Sevens AND Thoros. Greenbeard, Lem, the Huntsman and some of the others may have been too much, but certainly Harwin being a Winterfell man should have been included.And they have already captured the Hound! This takes fairly later in Arya's journey. I hope we get to see more of the brotherhood!My thoughts exactly! People are already thinking Jaime's "injury" at the hands of Vargo are coming in episode 3. That's just crazy to me. Arya coming in to contact w/ the Hound earlier is a bit more forgivable to me seeing as how their relationship  progresses in the book.
1900	protar	2013-04-12	My thoughts exactly! People are already thinking Jaime's "injury" at the hands of Vargo are coming in episode 3. That's just crazy to me. Arya coming in to contact w/ the Hound earlier is a bit more forgivable to me seeing as how their relationship  progresses in the book.What's so crazy about that? Jaime has had a fair amount of his material moved to S2 in case you've forgotten which means that actually he'll be more like 5 episodes into his travels rather than 3 when he loses the hand.
1901	victim	2013-04-12	I think it feels rushed because a lot of things from ASoS were moved forward into Season 2 because they happened at the same time as the battle at Blackwater. We had two Jaime/Brienne scenes last season, for example.
1902	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-12	To me, some parts do (Jaime/Brienne, perhaps Arya), some parts don't (the King's Landing stuff).From the leaked synopsys of 3-05Episode 3.05 <U+0080><U+0093> Kissed by FireThe Hound is judged by the gods; Jaime is judged; Jon proves himself; Robb is betrayed; Tyrion learns the cost of weddings.It seems to me that this is when the amputation happens.
1903	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-12	Which, realistically, isn't something positive about Game of Thrones. What this actually is is a negative towards nearly all adaptions out there.The goal of adapting something into a different medium, or remaking something, should be to provide something enjoyable and artistic and EXPAND on the original universe. Not condense it and chop away the meat on the bones which makes the plot and characters work.It depends on how you view it. That it will naturally be worse than the books if the books are good isn't really a negative unless you fail to set your expectations according to that.I also disagree on the goal of adaptations. It's not in any way necessary to expand on the original, I'd actually say that most adaptation's do the opposite (I don't think I've ever read a book and then seen a movie/show on it that didn't cut things). If you have some examples of books who's story got bigger and more complex in the translation I'd be interested to hear it. The main goal as I see it is to provide a different experience, something that can both provide variety to those already familiar with it and reach a completely new audience that aren't readers. Even though you don't seem to think so there's millions of people that do seem to think this adaptation works.I wouldn't say i'm too attached to the original books specifically, hell, there are loads that if I was GRRM I myself would've done differently. *shrugs*That was a general comment of mine, not really directed toward you. That said you've made it sound like you are pretty attached to it in some arguments, being very focused on what happened in the book when discussing certain events despite that it's highly unlikely that it would have been used that way.lol @ Prophecies in the show. ZOMG SEA'S COMING TO WASH US AWAY, next episode, THEON. Smooth show, almost fooled me...That's quite clearly not part of what I was talking about. Not that I see what's wrong with that. It serves as nothing more than a little hint about what's to come and given what you say your non-reader friends have missed, or even yourself, this is still far more subtle than those. And why would they need to drag it out longer? In the book pacing, translated into ten episodes, it would have happened in consecutive episodes as well. Not to mention that two chapters after the Bran chapter in question there's a Theon chapter where the "cliffhanger" is how he tells his men that it's not Torrhen's Square he means to take. If you get the symbolism of the dream you get what's happening in the span of three chapters in the book.Oh not true at all. While I do think it is near factual that everyone is disgusted by the existence of Ros, and nearly every littlefinger brothel scene, doesn't mean I consider anything i'm saying as factual. It's all subjective and hypothetical and all that.It's obviously not near factual. Mainly it would be book readers that are annoyed with her, not non-readers, and not all of them are annoyed either. I'm not, as I understand that she's there to create opportunities to tell things that are only shown through thought in the books. That's pretty obvious to me. And what I'm referring to is that you write "this is how it is" rather than stating opinions. It gets a bit tiresome, especially together with your derogatory attitude to everything you don't like. If I had done the same, and had an attitude where I laugh at and insult the viewers you've mentioned etc, I think this discussion would have been less productive.In the book, she avoided to kill Renly's guards or anyone who came after her post-leaving Riverrun. I swear, people who make TV shows need to go watch Trigun, Rurouni Kenshin, Cowboy Bebop, Full Metal Alchemist, Kaiji, Monster and all the other anime out there that taught little kid me that murder and violence is NEVER right and that there's always another option. In live action television? Everyone killing everyone, no remorse or fucks given.But yeah, a BIG thing about Brienne is her insecurities and fear of not being able to take another human's life. It's a pretty big deal. And yes, for all intents and purposes, killing a "peaceful man" is the same as killing armed assailants because either way you risk your life ending because of it.Let's just say we strongly disagree then. If you think people react the same way in stress while someone armed is actively trying to kill them as they do when they calmly assess if they should kill an unarmed man that has a slight chance of posing a threat then I just don't know what to say. My experiences as a martial artist and mandatory military service don't agree with you, as would I say that the laws of most countries would look different if people didn't react differently in such situations (we have self defense laws etc).Jaime and Brienne just left Riverrun. While there are select paths they were likely to take, and their ultimate destination could be Casterly Rock, could be Highgarden or could be King's Landing. There's simply too many fucking directions from Riverrun they could've went in, so one hunting party? And happening to track them down? Hilariously unbelievable.They know Jaime was freed to be traded for Sansa and Arya. In that situation it makes the most sense that he was taken to King's Landing, or at least Tywin's army (who would be about on the road to KL). That's just going by what we're shown, for all we know Robb could have gotten Catelyn to say right out that she sent Brienne with Jaime to King's Landing.There's nothing saying that there's just one hunting party either. We only hear from Bolton and he says he has his best hunter on it. If you just go by his words there's only one man looking for him, but we see that it's obviously not the case. That means that he can be in charge of a hunting force that's spread out in various locations (as you say, we aren't really getting the tactical and strategic details on the show). The way you argue you sound like someone that actively tries to find fault rather than possible solutions.And even IN context, many scenes simply don't make sense. Everything Samwell hasn't been making sense, the Battle of Blackwater makes ZERO sense, Littlefinger's jetpack from place to place makes no sense, EVERYTHING Dany makes no sense, etc.Not much point in answering this since you don't go into any specifics. I can just say that I think you're wrong again.And the scene of Theon fucking a chick, followed by ittlefinger watching like half a dozen whores in his house all naked, followed by his 'I destroy my bad whores" speech...? Used deliberately? Yeah deliberately for tit value and shock value. Ugh,And just because something uses something more, doesn't make the comparison better. Would a band that used way too many technical wankery guitar solos suddenly become more bearable when compared to another band with even more wankish guitar solos? I suppose, but the illusion people create is largely a lieThere's a lot of other things you can achieve, like showing depravity of characters and society. It's still used as background for what the scenes are actually about, which leads me to say that your second sentence shows that you failed to grasp my point.A lot of people I know don't know who he is, and it's really only on here where i've seen people be like "LOL SO ROOSE BOLTON".While I guess he's shown as kind of Robb's number 2, the audience hasn't really ENTIRELY connected the dotes yet or accepted him Robb's right hand. So it's particularly awkward that he'll be betraying Robb..From what you've said there's all sorts of things the people you know haven't gotten, so that doesn't exactly make it special.And why would he have to be shown as Robb's right hand in order for the betrayal to work? He's certainly not Robb's right hand man in the books (quite the contrary as he doesn't want Roose around).Oh don't get me wrong, I fucking LOVE tearing things apart. I do this with the books too. Only the difference there is I just disagree with single choices and whatnot and agree with the vast majority of the book, whereas I only approve of select pieces of the show. I am mainly hoping that season 3 will turn out awesome and blow me away and make me forget the abysmal rendition of my favorite ASOIAF book A Clash of Kings.And a lot of the acting, locations and soundtracks of seasons 2/3 are brilliant enough to bypass horrible plot butcherings, as long as everything is handled correct. hahaThen it just doesn't come across since I only see complaints backed by some drama queen wording, sighs etc. You don't really convey any joy in what you're doing, just the opposite. I might be wrong but from this side it doesn't seem good for you to have your hopes up, but that's of course all up to you.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 12 April 2013 - 05:14 AM.
1904	protar	2013-04-12	To me, some parts do (Jaime/Brienne, perhaps Arya), some parts don't (the King's Landing stuff).From the leaked synopsys of 3-05It seems to me that this is when the amputation happens.I'm pretty sure we have confirmation that it happens at the end of E3 but I could be wrong.
1905	Currawong	2013-04-13	I'm pretty sure we have confirmation that it happens at the end of E3 but I could be wrong.From the episode synopses and what we have seen from the trailers, plus some hints in various interviews and reports about Season 3, I'd say it will be:-Ep 3 - capture details, possibly attempted rape of Brienne and 'sapphires' (that glimpse of her head-butting), with Jaime's hand-chop to end the episodeEp 4 - scenes on the road, with a lot of brutality from Locke and his men (this is from a couple of interviews which describe Jaime getting kicked, etc)Ep 5 - at Harrenhal and bath scene  (in one of the trailers)Ep 6 -  dinner with Roose Bolton and decision to send Jaime back to KL (see Ep 6 synopsis)Ep 7 -  already confirmed as the bearpitEps 8 and 9 - maybe nothing, as Ep 9 will be the RW.Ep 10 - Jaime and Brienne on the road to KL and getting the news of the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 13 April 2013 - 02:40 AM.
1906	winterstood	2013-04-13	Hey, let's be honest - if we really wanted a true PBS-I, Claudius version of the series where every detail of the book is covered - we would not only need a half-book per season (as opposed to a full book) - but 22 episode seasons - and maybe only a quarter of a book! with a bigger budget. I doubt that any of that is going to happen, so..... (Although I do hope that for ONE episode in particular - they grant them a bigger budget as well as time (more than the 55 minute allotment - and I think we know what episode I'm talking about.)
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 13 April 2013 - 03:16 AM.
1907	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-13	Hey, let's be honest - if we really wanted a true PBS-I, Claudius version of the series where every detail of the book is covered - we would not only need a half-book per season (as opposed to a full book) - but 22 episode seasons - and maybe only a quarter of a book! with a bigger budget. I doubt that any of that is going to happen, so..... (Although I do hope that for ONE episode in particular - they grant them a bigger budget as well as time (more than the 55 minute allotment - and I think we know what episode I'm talking about.)Red Wedding? I think everything at the twins(arriving, unpacking, everything Arya, etc.) could all happen in 55 minutes ASSUMING the entire episode follows Robb, Cat and Arya alone.
1908	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-13	I highly doubt the Red Wedding will even take up an entire episode. If it did it would sort of give something away since while it's natural that a battle, that's been built up an entire season, takes up an entire episode there's not much in a normal wedding that demands so much time spent on it. Even less a wedding for someone that isn't a main character. The viewers would pretty much have to assume that something big and highly unusual is happening after they've noticed that the episode isn't cutting away to other places. There's also fewer people to follow than there was in King's Landing and the bay.
1909	boojam	2013-04-13	From the episode synopses and what we have seen from the trailers, plus some hints in various interviews and reports about Season 3, I'd say it will be:-Ep 3 - capture details, possibly attempted rape of Brienne and 'sapphires' (that glimpse of her head-butting), with Jaime's hand-chop to end the episodeEp 4 - scenes on the road, with a lot of brutality from Locke and his men (this is from a couple of interviews which describe Jaime getting kicked, etc)Ep 5 - at Harrenhal and bath scene  (in one of the trailers)Ep 6 -  dinner with Roose Bolton and decision to send Jaime back to KL (see Ep 6 synopsis)Ep 7 -  already confirmed as the bearpitEps 8 and 9 - maybe nothing, as Ep 9 will be the RW.Ep 10 - Jaime and Brienne on the road to KL and getting the news of the RW.This leaves out all the stuff that happens in Essos.Dany's chapters are chock full of action stuff , does the budget allow this to be elaborated?Costs money to do big battles.One thing, Dany's only has a few chapters in SoS but they are so action filled I think they may fit into 20 episodes.
1910	Ser Luke.	2013-04-13	I'm just extremely surprised how fast Davos and Daenerys' stories are moving. The other characters seem continuing at a decent pace, but in the first two epsidoes nearly half of Davos' story is over! I just don't know how they're going to stretch his remaining three chapters over 18 episodes, give or take that he won't be in all of them. 
And with Daenerys, I'm just a little bit wowed with how much they put into episode one for her. Again, that's nearly half her story with the Barristan reveal, viewing the Unsullied, meeting Missandei etc.
1911	winterstood	2013-04-14	Red Wedding? I think everything at the twins(arriving, unpacking, everything Arya, etc.) could all happen in 55 minutes ASSUMING the entire episode follows Robb, Cat and Arya alone.I highly doubt the Red Wedding will even take up an entire episode.I think you guys are forgetting the preceding Catelyn chapter in the ASOS that sets everything up - Grey Wind's trepidation - the stern meeting in the rain with...Black Reyman (I think) - all the BS with Walder Frey and this is all before the dinner feast and before they get situated in their chambers - that's alot of dialogue. To do the RW right would take alot of money and a little bit more than 55 minutes - more like 80-85 minutes.
1912	winterstood	2013-04-14	Oh and don't forget the aftermath of the RW - which I firmly believe they should show! - the desecration of Robb Stark/Grey Wind's bodies and the dumping of Lady Catelyn's body into the river. People should be RED with hatred - pure hatred for Walder Frey after watching this! and they shouldn't spare the eye. no quick cuts or tv edits. - show the horror.
1913	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-14	I think you guys are forgetting the preceding Catelyn chapter in the ASOS that sets everything up - Grey Wind's trepidation - the stern meeting in the rain with...Black Reyman (I think) - all the BS with Walder Frey and this is all before the dinner feast and before they get situated in their chambers - that's alot of dialogue. To do the RW right would take alot of money and a little bit more than 55 minutes - more like 80-85 minutes.I disagree as I don't think there's anything "to do it right" about making it 80 minutes long. That would be something that completely clashes with how the show has portrayed everything else, or how it can portray things for that matter. If I want everything that's written in an event I'll read the books as expecting that from the TV show is to have completely unrealistic expectations and probably a significant lack of knowledge how the medium works. I don't consider myself to be very knowledgeable about creating TV shows but I more than enough to realize that that is very far from plausible.I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on one of the parts of my post that you didn't quote, which is how spending an entire episode on something that's seemingly a good thing pretty much gives it away that something very important and unexpected will happen. With the battle of Blackwater Bay it worked because the whole issue was that the viewers knew that something big would happen, it wasn't meant to be a surprise. They knew one of the sides would win a big victory but they didn't know which. A wedding isn't normally very exciting, it's not nearly as multifaceted as a siege and the viewers will just expect something bad.Oh and don't forget the aftermath of the RW - which I firmly believe they should show! - the desecration of Robb Stark/Grey Wind's bodies and the dumping of Lady Catelyn's body into the river. People should be RED with hatred - pure hatred for Walder Frey after watching this! and they shouldn't spare the eye. no quick cuts or tv edits. - show the horror.The aftermath is better to show in the following episode in my view. The dramatic and emotional climax is when Robb and Catelyn dies and that's pretty much where the episode should end to leave the viewers with the biggest amount of shock and anger. Spending more time on the episode on things that take time will lessen the direct impact of their deaths, which will always be the most important part.As for the desecration of Robb, I don't think they should spend too much time showing how it's done. The result is more than enough (if they can do it without it looking funny) and the book didn't describe the whole matter much at all.
1914	go joff go	2013-04-14	I think you are putting too much emphasis on "giving it away"  yes its nice to keep it under wraps as long as possible, but they aren't going to eschew every thing that hints that something is going to happen especially within the episode that it happens.
1915	Loras	2013-04-14	I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on one of the parts of my post that you didn't quote, which is how spending an entire episode on something that's seemingly a good thing pretty much gives it away that something very important and unexpected will happen. With the battle of Blackwater Bay it worked because the whole issue was that the viewers knew that something big would happen, it wasn't meant to be a surprise. They knew one of the sides would win a big victory but they didn't know which. A wedding isn't normally very exciting, it's not nearly as multifaceted as a siege and the viewers will just expect something bad."Blackwater" wasn't the only time when the show focussed on one or two locations for an entire episode.  The season 1 episode "The Lion and the Wolf" focussed only on King's Landing and the Eyrie.  I would really like to see the show runners continue the pattern of having one episode per year that focusses on a limited number of characters/locations.  As for "The Rains of Castamere", I expect that it will not only cover Cat/Robb/Talisa/Arya at the Twins, but that it will also have the Queenscrown material for both Jon and Bran.  I think that it would be a real shame to not have the Stark kids in this episode - though I'll admit it could be difficult to get Sansa in there without losing the focus too much.
1916	Currawong	2013-04-14	This leaves out all the stuff that happens in Essos.Dany's chapters are chock full of action stuff , does the budget allow this to be elaborated?Costs money to do big battles.One thing, Dany's only has a few chapters in SoS but they are so action filled I think they may fit into 20 episodes.boojam, not quite sure why you quoted my post?   I said nothing about Dany or any other characters, or the show's budget - I was simply replying to protar's comment about the J/B scenes and likely S3  episodes.
1917	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-14	"Blackwater" wasn't the only time when the show focussed on one or two locations for an entire episode.  The season 1 episode "The Lion and the Wolf" focussed only on King's Landing and the Eyrie.  I would really like to see the show runners continue the pattern of having one episode per year that focusses on a limited number of characters/locations.  As for "The Rains of Castamere", I expect that it will not only cover Cat/Robb/Talisa/Arya at the Twins, but that it will also have the Queenscrown material for both Jon and Bran.  I think that it would be a real shame to not have the Stark kids in this episode - though I'll admit it could be difficult to get Sansa in there without losing the focus too much."The Lion and the Wolf" included Bran in Winterfell as well. But even just having King's Landing and The Eyrie makes it different from "Blackwater" who focused on one single area and one single storyline, as well as different from the suggestion that "The Rains of Castamere" should be entirely focused on The Red Wedding. The point of my post was directly connected to only having the RW and nothing else in the episode.
1918	callmedodge	2013-04-15	It`s funny to see people say they want more complete character arcs intra-episode and then go on to complain that`s it`s moving too quickly. 
Season`s 2 main problem is that we got sporadic scenes, not really moving the plot along a lot in that episode, for too many characters. So far this season I feel they`ve done a much better job of focusing on fewer characters per episode and actually moving along their arcs. 
And then go on to complain that you can`t have certain characters missing for 3 or 4 episodes. Would you rather have them in there with a "pointless" talking scene - something there`s been a lot of complaining about.
With a show this size it is simply not possible to include everyone in each episode AND have complete character arcs in each episode AND have it feel like it isn`t progressing quickly.
Some things come at the sacrifice of others I`m afraid and as soon as book-viewers get that into their head the quicker they`ll be able to enjoy the damned show.
1919	Gemz	2013-04-15	im not sure if i agree, in the books almost every chapter has a set tone and touches some sort of emotional heartstring, it never feels "empty" or like a waste of time, unlike some story arcs in the show.Totally agree with this point. As much as I love the show it does feel as though they are rushing through the plot lines. Important parts which stuck out in the books haven't been given the on screen time I thought they'd be given or deserve, and other Important parts have been missed out in order to give D and D some creative freedom and create some new characters or flesh out minor characters in the books . I really don't feel like their added extras really add anything to the show ,storyline or characters other than in a few instances such as the Varys and little finger scene. I feel that if they'd flesh out the main characters a bit more and follow their rich storyline from the books the show would be all the better for it.
1920	Batman	2013-04-16	The timing feels so poor. Sometimes it feels like they are dragging their feet, sometimes it feels like they are breezing past stuff. It just does not feel right.
1921	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	Totally agree with this point. As much as I love the show it does feel as though they are rushing through the plot lines. Important parts which stuck out in the books haven't been given the on screen time I thought they'd be given or deserve, and other Important parts have been missed out in order to give D and D some creative freedom and create some new characters or flesh out minor characters in the books . I really don't feel like their added extras really add anything to the show ,storyline or characters other than in a few instances such as the Varys and little finger scene. I feel that if they'd flesh out the main characters a bit more and follow their rich storyline from the books the show would be all the better for it. I agree with you SO much, I mean I knew they would be trimming the fat a bit but I didn't realise they would be shaving of chunks of meat. there are a lot of random useless thing happening which D&D threw in, yeah they are ok, but what we already had was pure gold, and important to the characters, I for one am missing a lot of my favourite things from the books
1922	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	The timing feels so poor. Sometimes it feels like they are dragging their feet, sometimes it feels like they are breezing past stuff. It just does not feel right. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> that pretty much summed it up
1923	Logodnica	2013-04-08	Well if Joffrey is already being fitted for wedding clothes 
	Spoiler  then the PW may happen this season.  Which I think would be a bad idea. Shouldn't they give the whole wedding/trial/Tyron's escape the full treatment in Season 4.  It can end with Tyron meeting Aegon and realizing who he is. argh! They are rushing everything.  

edit: spoiler tag fixed
					
					
							Edited by Logodnica, 08 April 2013 - 12:10 PM.
1924	Maester Tormund	2013-04-08	Well if Joffrey is already being fitted for wedding clothes [spoilers] then the PW may happen this season.  Which I think would be a bad idea. Shouldn't they give the whole wedding/trial/Tyron's escape the full treatment in Season 4.  It can end with Tyron meeting Aegon and realizing who he is. argh! They are rushing everything.  [/spoilers]I think Episode 10s gonna have the PW, little bit of light after the RW.  Also it will leave a nice cliffhanger for Season 4, it ends wit Tyrion being accused of murdering Joff so now Season 4 can really focus on his trial, the Gregor vs Red Viper fight, and Tyrions subsequent escape.(Along with other things, I just meant the Tyrion storyline since hes one of the most loved characters on the TV show)
1925	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Pehaps we get both weddings this season (I doubt it, though it would be interesting tematically), with PW being the last episode and Tyrion's arrest a cliffhanger. Then the next season is centered around Tyrion's trial, etc.
1926	Maester Tormund	2013-04-08	Pehaps we get both weddings this season (I doubt it, though it would be interesting tematically), with PW being the last episode and Tyrion's arrest a cliffhanger. Then the next season is centered around Tyrion's trial, etc.Great minds think alike /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1927	shiola	2013-04-08	I don't want the PW to be this season, if only because they pushed Sansa/Tyrion's wedding so far back.  Episode 8, really??  And if they do that wedding for episode 8, RW 9, and PW 10...  I dunno.  It doesn't seem like it'd work, to me.
1928	teej6	2013-04-08	Off topic but was Cersei taking a dig at Margery when she held out that small piece of cloth and said that was enough for Margery's wedding dress.
1929	Titan	2013-04-08	I need to re-watch that scene - but was it really a fitting for *wedding* clothes, and not just clothes in general?
PW won't happen this year, I just don't see it.
1930	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	Off topic but was Cersei taking a dig at Margery when she held out that small piece of cloth and said that was enough for Margery's wedding dress.Yup, a funny little jab. I think she pointed out earlier in this or in the last episode that Margaery dresses like a whore.
1931	freetickles	2013-04-08	PW won't happen this season. Joffrey's engagement to Margaery has been announced, so the fact he's trying on wedding clothes doesn't mean it's happening imminently, or this season vs. next; I'd imagine that more time (in Westeros time) will pass between now and the end of this season than between the end of this season and the PW.
1932	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	I need to re-watch that scene - but was it really a fitting for *wedding* clothes, and not just clothes in general?PW won't happen this year, I just don't see it.I just saw the scene as Joffrey trying to look good, older and impress Margaery.
1933	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Off topic but was Cersei taking a dig at Margery when she held out that small piece of cloth and said that was enough for Margery's wedding dress.Sort of.  In some of the behind the scenes material they talk about how a subtle power shift can be seen taking place in the fashions of the highborn ladies.  In the first two seasons, they were essentially all trying to dress like Cersei (Sansa included). Now, with Margaery in town, they're starting to dress more and more like her.  I interpreted Cersei's little jab as not so much out of prudishness but rather out of frustration toward that trend.  It's one of the signs that she's losing her influence.
1934	velki	2013-04-08	Yup, a funny little jab. I think she pointed out earlier in this or in the last episode that Margaery dresses like a whore.She points out later in the scene that she dresses like a whore, 'for a reason', I believe. Joffrey brushes it all off.
1935	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Great minds think alike /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />^^
1936	Lady Octarina	2013-04-08	What makes me fear the PW could happen this season is how it feels like they're rushing Sansa's escape plot. But, while the timing might suggest it happens soon, it wouldn't make sense to have two climaxes on the last episodes, and it would be such a pity if we had the PW before Oberyn arrives, before he's given a chance to interact with free Tyrion and everything...
1937	Logodnica	2013-04-08	What makes me fear the PW could happen this season is how it feels like they're rushing Sansa's escape plot. But, while the timing might suggest it happens soon, it wouldn't make sense to have two climaxes on the last episodes, and it would be such a pity if we had the PW before Oberyn arrives, before he's given a chance to interact with free Tyrion and everything...The entire Kings Landing plot and Jamie Lannister's plot seems rushed. He's already captured?? Come on... He's not supposed to get to KL until AFTER the PW
1938	jmk51	2013-04-08	Bran and Rickon not being dead - I'm guessing, if the note to Robb didn't explicitly say it and he held that back from Cat, its probably assumed.  I mean, its two little kids, one of whom is crippled, and no one has come forward with a ransom note yet. 
Besides, with Winterfell being burnt, is there any impact of not believing they are dead to the other characters?  I mean, after the RW, would everyone just keep fighting and try to find them to make Bran the king of the north? 
I think the RW means to coincide with the death of house Stark for most of the characters.
1939	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-08	Well if Joffrey is already being fitted for wedding clothes 
	Spoiler  then the PW may happen this season.  Which I think would be a bad idea. Shouldn't they give the whole wedding/trial/Tyron's escape the full treatment in Season 4.  It can end with Tyron meeting Aegon and realizing who he is. argh! They are rushing everything.  
edit: spoiler tag fixedThis is how I think season 4 will go:It will begin similar to this season, with a bunch of new characters (The Red Viper/Martells, Mace Tyrell, etc.) being introduced. The scene where Tyrion welcomes the Red Viper will probably be in the premiere. I don't know how long the PW will talke to unfold, but Joffrey's fate will obviously be a major cliffhanger in the storyline, and therefore I think season 4 will end with Tywin being killed and Tyrion escaping the city, all while Sansa is smuggled away by LF to meet with Lysa.I really can't see it happening any other way, because the PW, like much of the events surrounding the RW are a huge buildup of events which can't be neglected. They wouldn't just introduce a half dozen new major characters in the last episode. I just want to say that, writing wise, it structurally makes no sense to rush such a major course of events in one episode. In fact, to even introduce all these things and have it happen wouldn't even fit if all the scenes were based in KL and the episode was two hours long. To leave this event at the end and have the trial next season would only confuse viewers. I think instead that episode 10 will be quite bland after the RW and will focus largely on Dany's arc as it has for the previous two seasons. The PW will slowly unfold the length of season 4 I believe.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 08 April 2013 - 02:10 PM.
1940	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	He's wearing the same jacket in the scene with Margaery/crossbow. I don't think those are his wedding clothes, just looking good for his new woman!
1941	teej6	2013-04-08	I think Episode 10s gonna have the PW, little bit of light after the RW.  Also it will leave a nice cliffhanger for Season 4, it ends wit Tyrion being accused of murdering Joff so now Season 4 can really focus on his trial, the Gregor vs Red Viper fight, and Tyrions subsequent escape.(Along with other things, I just meant the Tyrion storyline since hes one of the most loved characters on the TV show)I agree.  PW will happen in the last episode of this season titled "Mhysa". It will imply both Cat and Cersei.  D&D will want an uplifting ending after episode 9 (RW).
1942	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	If the PW is this season, how can Oberyn represent Tyrion? He's not been cast, so presumably he's not in the season, and if he's rushed in, how will he give us basically all of the back story we have on the Martells?
1943	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	If the PW is this season, how can Oberyn represent Tyrion? He's not been cast, so presumably he's not in the season, and if he's rushed in, how will he give us basically all of the back story we have on the Martells?They could end the season with Joff dying but Tyrion is not accused. The Martells arrive AFTER the wedding, for episode 4.1 and Tyrion is arrested at the end of episode.
1944	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	Not really long enough to make Oberyn a particularly riveting character or let us see why his family act the way they do. It could happen but I think it would be poor story-telling by D and D
1945	tws1978	2013-04-08	He was just trying some new clothes to impress Margeary and look "manly". Its the continuation of the last episode where he felt all embarassed when Cersei described him as endangered and almost dying during the Flee Bottom coup. No wedding related at all.
1946	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I just reread the chapters after the RW. The PW doesn't happen long after. Just a Tyrion chapter meeting with Tywin and Cercei & co. (everybody is mine to torment - part i think) and Tyrion telling Sansa about the RW. There's only three Tyrion chapters and a Sansa chapter right after the RW that deal with the PW. I really want it to be in this season. For one, I just want to see it so bad. Two. I don't think it would rush things at all because of the chapter chronology. It makes sense. Three. It makes sense for the writing because it will give the non-reading portion a good thing after a very bad thing, and something to look forward to in season four, that being Tyrion's trial.
Everyone is saying it's not happening, but is this from spoiler/leaked knowledge? Since I've read the books and it won't get better than that, I really don't mind knowing early.
1947	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	I'm hoping it doesn't happen because this season we don't have Mace Tyrell or the Red Viper and that means a lot has to happen between the PW and Tyrion's trial that will IMO badly take from the latter. On second thoughts it may happen so that they don't have to bring back Gleeson for a couple of episodes next season
1948	tito5601	2013-04-08	i think itll happen next season, gotta leave some of th egood sstuff for season 4
1949	King Tyrion I	2013-04-08	He was just trying some new clothes to impress Margeary and look "manly". Its the continuation of the last episode where he felt all embarassed when Cersei described him as endangered and almost dying during the Flee Bottom coup. No wedding related at all. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I think this is true and agree to this post.
1950	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	If I was going to place a bet, I'd place the PW at about S04E04.  I don't think there's enough room in this season for it, and I think they'll have to deal with its aftermath for a large portion of Season 4.  Rather than building up for it as the big set piece of the season, I think it'll be handled a bit more like Renly's death in S02.  Unexpected, but more of a dramatic setup than resolution.
If GOT were a more cliffhanger-y show, though, that would totally be how to end the season.  Final shot: Margaery takes a big drink from the wedding chalice.  Zoom in to an extreme closeup of her hand, as she adjusts her grip on the chalice and an amethyst briefly appears in her fingers.  She discreetly drops it into the chalice, sets the chalice down on the table, and smiles.  Zoom close on the wine, which transitions to a fade to black.  Credits.
1951	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-08	I don't see the Purple Wedding til episode 4-5 of Season 4.  Then the Red Viper vs Mountain fight episode 7-8.  And Tyrions escape episode 10.
1952	Little Wing	2013-04-08	I think he was just having new stuff made. I mean, Cersei also has new gowns to parallel Marge's quirky dresses. So, I guess Joff wants to impress his new queen by looking just so...
1953	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	I'm thinking the PW will be around episode 4 next season as well.  That would give just enough time for TV viewers to get into a "Joffrey's won" kind of mentality so that it will be a shocker, and it leaves over half the season to deal with the immediate aftermath and set up for the Tyrion murders in episode 9 (at about 58 minutes in, of course), and episode 10 for the escape/wrapup.
1954	Lord Varys	2013-04-08	The fact that they included all that talk about Mace's oafishness and ambition this episode strongly suggests that they will eventually introduce Mace Tyrell. And he will be present when his darling daughter becomes queen. Since he has not been cast this season - just as Oberyn Martell - it's pretty obvious that the Purple Wedding is going to happen next season. It will be the first season climax, just as the Unsullied will be this season.
This was obvious from the moment they revealed that ASoS would be two seasons, not one.
1955	King Cheops	2013-04-08	Why do people think the trial would be rushed if PW happened this season and next season they introduce the Martells and the trial?  If Tyrion's escape is episode 10 that means we could have the trial by combat in episode 8 or 9 which gives most of an entire season to introduce Oberyn.  That's more time than Renly got and almost as much as Stannis has gotten.  Robert and Ned only lasted about that long.  Why do the Martells need as much set up as the Tyrells do at this point?  Arguably the Tyrells are far more important to the King's Landing storyline so it is better to spend more time giving them characterization this season.  Oberyn barely has an impact on King's Landing so you can easily learn everything you need to about him in 3-4 scenes next season.
At this point my main gripe is that they haven't had Tommen in a single scene yet he's going to be king sometime soon.  Non book readers are already forgetting about him.  Hopefully the next episode or two has Loras teaching him to be a knight.
1956	Iotun	2013-04-08	Back when we had this massive thread in the General Discussion forum aout when the PW would be fitted in, I made these long massive posts arguing that I was completely sure it would happen this season and that it made perfect story sense as well. If it does happen in Episode 10 as I predicted, I will have the biggest case of 'I told you so' ever,and I'll probably become really annoying /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
1957	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-08	Why do people think the trial would be rushed if PW happened this season and next season they introduce the Martells and the trial?  If Tyrion's escape is episode 10 that means we could have the trial by combat in episode 8 or 9 which gives most of an entire season to introduce Oberyn.  That's more time than Renly got and almost as much as Stannis has gotten.  Robert and Ned only lasted about that long.  Why do the Martells need as much set up as the Tyrells do at this point?  Arguably the Tyrells are far more important to the King's Landing storyline so it is better to spend more time giving them characterization this season.  Oberyn barely has an impact on King's Landing so you can easily learn everything you need to about him in 3-4 scenes next season.At this point my main gripe is that they haven't had Tommen in a single scene yet he's going to be king sometime soon.  Non book readers are already forgetting about him.  Hopefully the next episode or two has Loras teaching him to be a knight.I'm not saying the PW this season is impossible I'm just saying it would be extremely illogical. In fact, the entire reason that the Martells are showing up in the first place was an act of goodwill by Tywin (if I remember correctly) hoping to mend relations after the Mountain raped that one girl that Oberyn will eventually kill him over in the combat scene (sorry--I don't remember her name right now, it's been a long time since I read the books). Anyway, it should be realized that they are not just strolling into King's Landing for no reason. Getting to the wedding is the only reason they'd show up. ThereforeI think  it will be next season. Not saying that's set in stone but it's just my personal opinion and what I would do if I were a writer.
1958	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	It does make sense to have both weddings this season.
	Spoiler  Remember the three leaches Stannis burned as he said those three significant names... But if they never show him burn them, then it would be asking a lot to have it all crammed into one season. 

					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 08 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
1959	Justin Danford	2013-04-08	I think Episode 10s gonna have the PW, little bit of light after the RW.  Also it will leave a nice cliffhanger for Season 4, it ends wit Tyrion being accused of murdering Joff so now Season 4 can really focus on his trial, the Gregor vs Red Viper fight, and Tyrions subsequent escape.(Along with other things, I just meant the Tyrion storyline since hes one of the most loved characters on the TV show)I completely agree only I think the PW will be episode 10 and the RW episode 9.
1960	shiola	2013-04-08	Gods, I hope it isn't.  But we'll see.  I think that'd be too much.  If the RW were in episode 8, I could see it.  But I think 10 has to deal with the aftermath of the RW and things of that nature.
1961	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	I used to argue for the PW because the season needs to end with their being some kinda hope for the underwolf team.
The show has quite a few reactions to go through following the RW:  Arya, Sansa, Tywin, Tyrion, Joffrey, Cersei, Jaime/Brienne, Davos
The most logical simple way to end the season is not the PW. The simplest way is to have it end is 
	Spoiler  Catelyn resurrected
1962	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	I'm thinking the PW will be around episode 4 next season as well.  That would give just enough time for TV viewers to get into a "Joffrey's won" kind of mentality so that it will be a shocker, and it leaves over half the season to deal with the immediate aftermath and set up for the Tyrion murders in episode 9 (at about 58 minutes in, of course), and episode 10 for the escape/wrapup.I haven't thought about that "Joffrey won" mentality.  Non-book readers will be furious.  PW happening an episode after the RW would be bad.  I agree that PW will probably happen episodes 3-5 season 4.
1963	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	I used to argue for the PW because the season needs to end with their being some kinda hope for the underwolf team.The show has quite a few reactions to go through following the RW:  Arya, Sansa, Tywin, Tyrion, Joffrey, Cersei, Jaime/Brienne, DavosThe most logical simple way to end the season is not the PW. The simplest way is to have it end is 
	Spoiler  Catelyn resurrected
YES
1964	Warhawk137	2013-04-08	IMO PW as episode 10 would work really well, especially since the audience is used to the "BIG" episode as episode 9.  At that point it will be Baelor, Blackwater, and then whatever they call the RW episode.So the non-book folks will be expecting a bit of depressing denoument in episode 10, and then WHAM, PW.If the PW is this season, how can Oberyn represent Tyrion? He's not been cast, so presumably he's not in the season, and if he's rushed in, how will he give us basically all of the back story we have on the Martells?In the spirit of what I said above, if I was doing it, I would end the season precisely when Joffrey dies.  Then you can really dig into the Martells in Season 4's premiere.
1965	victim	2013-04-08	I feel like the PW should happen in Season 4, Episode 1. The first episode of a season so far has usually been to recap and get you up to date, so it would be surprising to see such a huge character die so early on, while also setting up the most explosive season to date.
UnCat needs to be this seasons big cliffhanger, there's no other options. The final scenes have always been quite magical and I really can't think of anything else that comes close to this.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 08 April 2013 - 11:25 PM.
1966	callmedodge	2013-04-08	Besides, with the leech burning and the evident plotting to off Joff by the Tyrells, the audience will have an idea of where it`s going. Up until now there has been no clear and likely to be successful plan to get rid of Joff. It`s better to end the season giving the audience a sense of hope than a full conclusion.
That, coupled with the resurrection of UnCat will be enough for the audience I think. Showing UnCat`s revival also ties up the BwB storyline for this season and gives Beric and Thoros a purpose as opposed to just a random bunch of good-doer outlaws that ship Arya around and attempt to convict The Hound.
Makes much more sense ending the season that way than with the PW.
					
					
							Edited by callmedodge, 08 April 2013 - 11:31 PM.
1967	Tismoh	2013-04-09	I was looking at the episode and the fact that it's called "Second Sons" plural has me worried that it will be this season.
1968	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	I was looking at the episode and the fact that it's called "Second Sons" plural has me worried that it will be this season.The PW? But Joffrey is the first son of twincest, Tommen would be the second.
1969	Howdyphillip	2013-04-09	I agree with all of the comments about how the PW would be out of place in season 3. It would be something that would have to be forced in to the writing. That said, Jack Gleeson has been more and more vocal about wanting to get out of acting to go in to academia work. If he decided that he didn't want to come back, or the production didn't want to pay another principle, it could be a possibility.I don't think this is a likely scenario, but I am leaving the door open.The PW? But Joffrey is the first son of twincest, Tommen would be the second.Right... and the PW would make the second son the King.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 09 April 2013 - 01:24 AM.
1970	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-09	I used to argue for the PW because the season needs to end with their being some kinda hope for the underwolf team.The show has quite a few reactions to go through following the RW:  Arya, Sansa, Tywin, Tyrion, Joffrey, Cersei, Jaime/Brienne, DavosThe most logical simple way to end the season is not the PW. The simplest way is to have it end is 
	Spoiler  Catelyn resurrected
That could happen in a final epilogue, like the invasion of the wights and Others at the end of the last season: it lasted few minutes and that scene you mention could come as a surprise after the PW: no one would expect that one.
1971	Ice Turtle	2013-04-09	Someone mentioned that they could kill Joffrey at family dinner shortly before his wedding. And it would disappoint a lot of fans but it would make sense. Tyrion would still be there and they would save some money with no extravagant wedding it is also neat way for Oberyn and Mace to arrive only next season which makes sense with so many characters already introduced. Season four can start with Tyrion being imprisoned, continue with trial, duel of Gregor with Oberyn, Jaime saving him and his journey to Pentos end end shortly before he meets Aegon.
					
					
							Edited by Ice Turtle, 09 April 2013 - 02:15 AM.
1972	Iotun	2013-04-09	I don't understand people who say that the PW doesn't make any sense to be in Season 3, and that it won't fit the plot. I actually think its the other way round. The PW makes PERFECT sense, because it neatly serves as a scense change, climax, and start of a different chapter for all the characters in KL.I think people who think the PW should be in Season 4 don't really think of the show as a TV product, and the seasons as distinct entities in themselves, but rather think of Season 3 and Season 4 as 'the seasons to throw things into from the books'. In TV, seasons must be self contained and complete an arc in themselves for their characters. A season is typically structured to have an introduction where things move onwards from the old season and the characters take a step into a new direction and find themselves in new and interesting circumstances, then a buildup, a climax for the characters, then a chapter close, where the characters take a next move into the new situation they will find themselves in at the next season's start. You can't have characters who don't build up to anything all season and sort of stay there doing nothing at the season climax. You can't have a new season start with the characters being pretty much exactly where they were. You can't have a season climax in episode 3 or 4 of a new season, having been build up over one and a half years, with a year's break in between, then a slowdown for major characters again, so that you build a second climax in episodes 8 and 9 of the same season. Having the PW in Season 4 makes the storylines of Cercei, Tyrion, Sansa, Jaime, Margaery, the QOT very awkard. Really, think of this, what will Jaime be doing for the first half of season 4? Jaime can only arrive in King's Landing after Joffrey has been killed, so what can he be doing for the first hallf of the season? Doesn't it make much more sense for him to finish his story 3 arc right as he's coming into King's Landing, and then start Season 4 with him right when he comes into the city? The only reason to have it in Season 4 seems to be some obsessive purist concern to have Oberyn's introduction play exactly as it did in the books, when it can be handled so much better otherwise.We had a long thread on the subject back in the General Discussion. So as not to retype my arguments again, I'll just quote my post from that thread below, written just after the end of Season 2. I actually think that so far with what little we are seeing of Season 3, my predictions in it are coming true.I'm so confident that the PW will be in Season 3, I'm willing to bet money on it. That's right, and I'm dead serious, anybody who think it'll be Season 4, I'll gladly take that bet on, and I'm confident I'll win.I think people who think it'll be in Season 4 think too much in book terms, and that S3 and S4 are just two vehicles to staff material from the book into. But each season must be a complete entity in itself, that's no longer just part of 'the season that must contain the events of Book 3'. It all boils down to this - the PW in Season 4 makes for very convoluted and jarring story arcs in Season 4, and very unsatisfactory ones in Season 3. With it in Season 3, it all fits together.The arguments against the PW in Season 3 are artificial and book centered:Oberyn Martell needs to be in the PW, and he doesn't come in until Season 4: No, not really. This is the same argument that the burning of Winterfell would not have happened in Season 2 because Reek wasn't introduced. It is silly. This is the show that has taken 2 seasons to introduce Edmure and the Tullys, that hasn't introduced the Greyjoy brothers yet, who removed Reek from Winterfell, who is giving us the Reeds in Season 3. At the end of the day, Oberyn is important for one thing - to champion Tyrion. Not for being at the wedding. Oberyn may had been coming to King's Landing to review Dorne's fealty to the crown. As a gesture of goodwill after receiving Myrcella. In a random visit. There's no need whatsoever for him to be coming for the wedding, and his reception could simply be given to Jaime rather than Tyrion.Too much will be shoved into Season 3 if the PW is in it too: Again not really. I'd argue to the contrary - not too much will be in Season 3, a season which D&D have stated they've been waiting for to do, and there'd be too much in Season 4. That makes sense looking at the arguments WHY it'd be in Season 3.Why Season 3?It simply makes sense as an overall story arc, and overriding theme for season 3, with the main theme being the weddings, from the aftermath of Robb's wedding to Talysa, to the 3 weddings at the end. Without the PW, the season just feels flat for many of the characters. With Loras and Margaery having been build up as major chracters what will they be doing and building up to the whole season? What will Cersei and Joffrey? You have a fairly significant actress coming in to play the Queen of Thorns, who comes into the season and ends up... doing nothing much. These are all major characters and their storylines will just kinda<U+0080> stay there. Just because the Robb camp has a major event doesn't mean the KL camp has to stay in one place. Even Tyrion and Sansa, you could argue that their big moment is their own wedding<U+0080> but you can't have their story climax in Episode 8 and then have nothing for them in the last 2 episodes, especially given that they're primary characters in the show. Their own wedding is also an unsatifactory conclusion for them. If the wedding between Tyrion and Sansa is meant to be the climax for their story and an important point, then just voiding that in the first 2 or 3 episodes of season 4 just makes it fall flat on its face. So much<U+0080> neater for their arc, to end with Sansa escaping the Red Keep, and Tyrion being accused for Joffrey's murder. It just so better points to the ridiculousness of the whole charade of them being married just two episodes back, and gives a climax to all stories. Margaery and Loras have actual arc which end with them killing the king, the Queen of Thorns ends on a high as she is revealed to be the person orchestrating the murder behind the scenes, Cercei's arc ends with the loss of her son, and effectively her loss against the Tyrells's in the game, Joffrey's ends with him, well dying, etc.It also parallels so beautifully with the RW - the dual tragedy in both camps. It makes sense dramatically. Both camps have been preparing for important weddings that would seal alliances the whole season. Both end in tragedy. Joffrey, boasting about the events that happened in just the previous episode finally gets what happens to him at the season end. With the RW causing an uproar in Episode 9, and a probably very vocal outrage from the fans who haven't read the books, how can D&D NOT go for the double punch - and end with yet ANOTHER big event as the season finisher? On the one hand, they have the chance to do TV history, to do a truly dramatic two episode punch to the face, and on the other hand? Episode 10 just sort of ties things together (and what's there to tie in King's Landing? The outcome of a deflated wedding for Tyrion and the other parties doing nothing much). Joffrey's death is a very big, and very emotionally satisfying event - but they'll just leave it for an Episode 2 or Episode 3 of the next season? And then if it is season 4, are the interested parties (Lannisters and Tyrrells), going to be preparing for the wedding for just the first one or two episodes of Season 4? Given that Margaery arrived in KL at the end of Season 2, its expected there will be talk of her wedding all through Season 3. This will parallel the talk of the wedding with the Frey's. The Queen of Thorns in Season 3 is almost definitely going to have her scene with Sansa where she confides to her that Joffrey is a monster, which will become the seed for the Tyrell resolution that Joffrey must die. So are D&D just going to be saying 'Oh we've been talking about and building up to this big event in KL the whole of Season 3, but you know, actually we're just not going to show it, we'll just show it in Episode 3 of the next season'? It just doesn't make dramatic sense. After the wedding, is the audience expected to recall the conversation between the QoT and Sansa from the previous season and ties things together, or are the two events more likely to be put together in the same season? The only reason to keep it in Season 4 is for some pure adherence to book timelines, which they've shown they don't care about.In a similar way, Jaime's storyline otherwise makes no sense for Season 3. Jaime's Season 3 storyline makes much more sense with him ending his journey, both physically and emotionally, with him arriving in King's Landing,. But Jaime must arrive AFTER Joffrey has died, if not because of the book plotline, simply because it goes against Jaime's character to be at the wedding where Joffrey dies and then allow Joffrey to mock Tyrion, or Tyrion to be arrested. So if we put Joffrey dying in the start of Season 4, then Jaime's story in Season 3 just ends<U+0080> somewhere, but not really anywhere.And yes, it is true that otherwise the season will end up just being to depressing and make fans angry who only see the bad guys win. Remember, we won't just have the RW, we're also likely to have Ygritte dying in Episode 9 or 10, which will ALSO be a major depressing event, and Theon, who granted is not a very sympathetic character but is still much more likeable than the bastard of Bolton, facing some unspeakable torture at the hands of the latter. D&D will be seriously in risk of losing viewers if they just end the whole season with most of the good guys having depressing losses, people being tortured at the hands of sadists, love pairings being torn apart, and all the bad guys winning (even in Dany's storyline we risk seeing it end with her exiling Jorah, though personally I think that'll be the climax of Season 4).Similarly, putting the PW in Season 4 makes that Season very confusing. Story arcs will just come and go. Sansa's, Cercei's and Tyrion's storyline will have a massive spike two episodes in, then kind of deflate, then just have another spike. Joffrey, rather than having an arc, will just show up for 2 episodes then die off and that'll be it - as if Joffrey is not one of the key characters of the show, that deserves his death, with all the emotional appeal that will have, to be featured prominently in a season finale. All these characters don't have proper beginning, middle and end points in their arcs for Season 4. Instead their real starts will be a few episodes into the season, with the first episodes just sort of, not really that important.  Instead, so much more neater to start Cercei right after she's lost Joffrey, Tyrion in prison, and Sansa arriving at the vale, and see their stories from that point. It's also so much neater for Jaime's story as well. Right at the start we get introduced to the Martells in Dorne, and Oberyn arriving in KL, for<U+0080> whatever reason, I've listed several possible ones above, and is met by a recently arrived Jaime. The main season thread I see for S4 is - people leaving, and converging together. Arya will finish S4 leaving for Braavos, Tyrion will be leaving for Pentos, Doran will reveal that he's been plotting the Targaryen return and has send his son to find Dany, Sam will be leaving for Oldtown, and we'll be starting to see the threads of the stories from East and West finally starting converging.And to all those who think there's just not enough to fit in S4 - I beg to disagree. For Jon, I think Season 3 will end with Ygritte dying in his arms, and Season 4 will have the battle for the wall, the arrival of Stannis and Mel, and him being voted Commander of the Watch. Plenty there, including a major battle. For Tyrion, Cercei, Jaime, there's the emotional triangle between the three (which ONLY really works as a major point if the season starts with it, Jaime just coming into the city just as Tyrion is put in prison based on Cercei's accusations), Jaime's conflicting loyalties leading to his helping his brother rather than staying loyal to his sister, the interactions of all 3 with Oberyn, the trial, the murder of Tywin, the escape. If Jaime could spend most of Season 2 in a cell, so can Tyrion, and in fact Tyrion has a lot more chance for interactions with other characters than Jaime did in Season 4. Plenty there for all characters, and not even getting into Cercei's chapters from Book 4. Arya, who I believe will end Season 3 with being captured by the Hound at the end of Season 3, can have her travels with the hound expanded on in Season 4, and her story ending with her leaving Westeros to be trained as a FM. Plenty there. And for Dany - actually my theory is, that Mereen and Astapor will NOT in fact be merged, and that in fact Meereen, its siege and capture will be expanded on and cover the entirety of Season 4. I believe n Season 3 Meereen will be build up as the capital of Slaver Bay, strong and impenetrable, and Dany will be convinced not to attack it, But at the final episode, as she is marching with her army, she sees the first of the children crucified with its hand pointing to Meereen, and the season will end with her turning her horse around and riding with her army away as a crucified child points to her the way. Where Season 3 was 'Dany builds her army', Season 4 will be 'Dany the conqueror' and only Season 5 will be 'Dany the leasder'. And Season 4 will end with her at the top of the great pyramid of Meereen, while exiling Jorah. A lot there as well, including a major battle. 
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 04:13 AM.
1973	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-09	The PW can certainly be in this season but it does present some problems. It seems like a real climax if it's to be in the last episode, although that one is named Mhysa and it seems even more likely that the climax is Dany freeing the slaves. It doesn't hinder anything, it just makes me wonder how the episode will be laid out if this is the case.
As for people missing I'd say that Mace Tyrell seems like a more odd absence than the Red Viper, seeing how we've heard that he is one of the strongest backers of this marriage.
1974	Iotun	2013-04-09	PW could well be in the same episode as the RW. Leaving Mhyssa and Uncat in Episode 10. They would have to tweak the timelines and plot logic a bit, but I think it would be pretty awesome.
By the way. there WERE comments at the start of the season that book readers would be very surprised this season as well, and that there will be some deviations from the books.
Actually the more I think of this the more I like it. From the trailers I take it that Joeffrey's 'Everybody is miine to torment' will be made before he learns of the Red Wedding, so the only other significant event that needs to happen in King's Landing before the PW but after the RW is I think just Tywin having a converstation with somebody explaining the Lannister involvement in the RW. Lots of people could fill that role, Tyrion in the cells, Cercei, Lady Olenna, there's a long list, and it could happen after the PW.
I think it would make for one AWESOME episode 9. What if, paralleling 'Blackwater' they had one episode that was centred strictly on the two weddings, and strictly on two locations, the Twins and King's Landing? I think if handled well it would make for awesome television.
Edited to add: This is what will happen. I'm feeling really confident about it now.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 04:58 AM.
1975	Tony Soprano	2013-04-09	I don't think it's gonna happen this season, but I wouldn't mind if it did. There might be some problems with the narrative, but I'm sure the writers can bypass them if they've put their minds to it.The entire Kings Landing plot and Jamie Lannister's plot seems rushed. He's already captured?? Come on... He's not supposed to get to KL until AFTER the PWHe won't get to King's Landing this season. Not if the Purple Wedding is in Episode 10, like most people said. He'll return to Harrenhal in Episode 7. We'll see the Bear Pit scene then. Episode 9 is most likely to focus solely on Cat and Robb, so I'm sure he won't appear there. He doesn't really have to be in the other two episodes either.Also, I don't think Jaime's capture was rushed. He was captured in his third POV. The first chapter consists of him, Brienne and Cleos going around the Riverlands, while the second is mostly made up of Jaime's dreams and memories about Aerys and the Sack of King's Landing. The producers seem to be avoiding dream sequences, so we could say that the second ASoS POV is pretty much non-existent in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Alex Baratheon, 09 April 2013 - 05:43 AM.
1976	Lord Varys	2013-04-09	It's obvious that the show runners are intending to create a new dynamic in KL this season. They are highlighting Margaery, and establish not only her rivalry with Cersei but also her relationship with Joffrey. Which means that they may either show us some final fallout between Margaery and Joffrey, or, much more likely, we are going to see how Joffrey falls for Margaery and is still murdered. Lady Olenna's 'A pity' strongly suggests that Joffrey's fate was sealed in that very moment. Just as it was in the book.
More importantly, they seem to set up the eventual Tyrion-Sansa marriage as huge game changer in the Shae-Sansa, and the Shae-Tyrion relationship. Combine this with the aftermath of the Red Wedding and it's pretty obvious that they are going to stretch out the unhappy Sansa-Tyrion marriage for as long as they can. Would the PW happen this season, there would be only one episode between Tyrion's marriage and his incarceration and separation from Sansa. This is not going to happen!
And by the way: Who wants Tyrion to meet with Oberyn in the dungeon? Who wants Tyrion in prison for most of a season? No one. If the Purple Wedding is going to happen this season, there will be no Oberyn in season 4, of that I'm sure.
1977	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	IMO PW as episode 10 would work really well, especially since the audience is used to the "BIG" episode as episode 9.  At that point it will be Baelor, Blackwater, and then whatever they call the RW episode.So the non-book folks will be expecting a bit of depressing denoument in episode 10, and then WHAM, PW.In the spirit of what I said above, if I was doing it, I would end the season precisely when Joffrey dies.  Then you can really dig into the Martells in Season 4's premiere.And you can disagree with me on this but I think that would be an awful move and really detract from the Viper-Mountain fight, Tyrion's trial,  make it much harder to get the brutally honest insight into his family that Oberyn infodumps on Tyrion in any way that doesn't seem painfully clumsy and generally have no benefits.
1978	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	The PW can certainly be in this season but it does present some problems. It seems like a real climax if it's to be in the last episode, although that one is named Mhysa and it seems even more likely that the climax is Dany freeing the slaves. It doesn't hinder anything, it just makes me wonder how the episode will be laid out if this is the case.As for people missing I'd say that Mace Tyrell seems like a more odd absence than the Red Viper, seeing how we've heard that he is one of the strongest backers of this marriage.Yeah, Mace missing his own daughter's wedding to teh king would be hard to explain really
1979	Iotun	2013-04-09	And you can disagree with me on this but I think that would be an awful move and really detract from the Viper-Mountain fight, Tyrion's trial,  make it much harder to get the brutally honest insight into his family that Oberyn infodumps on Tyrion in any way that doesn't seem painfully clumsy and generally have no benefits.Oberyn can easily give the same information to Jaime, or Tyrion in the dungeons. Secondly, the show will never go for a lengthy infodump scene anyway similar to the one in the books, because that doesn't translate well on screen, where most scenes last for only a few minutes given the amount that the show has to cover in each episode. Seriously, the argument that the PW can't happen in this season because of Oberyn is as weak as the argument that Winterfell would not have been burned in Season 2 because we hadn't had Reek yet. Even weaker in fact.As for Mace, who says he'll be missing from his daughter's wedding? We just won't see him. There's no reason to assume that Mace won't be in King Landing but not on the show. Similarly, we can assume Lady Olenna came to King's Landing together with the rest of the Tyrells in season 2, but we just weren't shown her. For all we know, Mace Tyrell could be in Kings Landing already.These problem are so minor in comparison to the awful mess that having the PW in Season 4 will create, and the horrible plot structure that will result from that, that they're inconsequential. And again, you're really only issuing problems of content - how an event has to happen in season 4 just so that it can happen after other content is thrown in - again looking at the seasons not as distinct entities, but as two halves to throw the book contents into, which must simply follow the general book outline. However the problems caused by having the PW in Season 4 are much more severe pacing problems. They create weaknesses in the overall narrative arcs of the characters in both seasons, and leave the seasons weak as distinct entities with a beginning, climax, and end. The show will not have its seasons have uneven pacing and jarring transitions from season to season just to fit in book content in a certain order. The showrunners have wisely shown that they're willing to move around content if it means making the TV seasons more complete as a TV product.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 12:10 PM.
1980	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	Yeah, Mace missing his own daughter's wedding to teh king would be hard to explain reallyMy thoughts exactly. Look. Strategically it is idiotic and impossible to have the PW this season. It will not happen. It will not.I believe it is important to point out that, no mater what anyone says, at the end of the day D and D specifically said that half of the events from SoS are in this season. Why cram the two biggest events of the entire book into one of them then?! And have the PW in one episode?! The PW itself is, after all, in the second half of the book. C'mon people get real.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 09 April 2013 - 12:35 PM.
1981	Lord Varys	2013-04-09	The fact that they kept Olenna's lines about her son in episode 2 strongly suggests that we are going to meet Mace Tyrell eventually. And he is not going to be presented as background character only. We have heard people talking about him for three seasons now, he will be shown, and he'll become an important character from season 5 onwards, I think.
More importantly, the show most likely won't fail to give us a glimpse of the relationship between Olenna and her son. Tywin remarks how Olenna reins her son in from time to time (this whole suggestion of marrying Cersei to Willas Tyrell is first accepted by Mace and then turned down by Olenna behind the scenes). We most likely will get a glimpse of Tyrell family life in season 4, before and after the Purple Wedding, where they really could show us both Mace's appetite for power and glory, and his ignorance about the things his mother and daughter are forced to do to ensure that things go well despite his clumsiness (i.e. Mace's ignorance about Joffrey's poisoning).
As to the value of the Purple Wedding from storytelling point of view:
It does not end a story like the Red Wedding does. It's the turning point which marks the beginning of the downfall of House Lannister. But only the trial against Tyrion, the murder of Tywin, and Cersei's ascension to unchecked power end this story. It is no coincidence that ASoS does not end with the Purple Wedding as cliffhanger.
And if you split the book up, you are wise to use the Red Wedding, and the Red Wedding only, as climax for the first half, whereas Tywin's murder and the Battle for the Wall will mark the finale of season 4.
1982	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	Oberyn can easily give the same information to Jaime, or Tyrion in the dungeons. Secondly, the show will never go for a lengthy infodump scene anyway similar to the one in the books, because that doesn't translate well on screen, where most scenes last for only a few minutes given the amount that the show has to cover in each episode. Seriously, the argument that the PW can't happen in this season because of Oberyn is as weak as the argument that Winterfell would not have been burned in Season 2 because we hadn't had Reek yet. Even weaker in fact.As for Mace, who says he'll be missing from his daughter's wedding? We just won't see him. There's no reason to assume that Mace won't be in King Landing but not on the show. Similarly, we can assume Lady Olenna came to King's Landing together with the rest of the Tyrells in season 2, but we just weren't shown her. For all we know, Mace Tyrell could be in Kings Landing already.These problem are so minor in comparison to the awful mess that having the PW in Season 4 will create, and the horrible plot structure that will result from that, that they're inconsequential. And again, you're really only issuing problems of content - how an event has to happen in season 4 just so that it can happen after other content is thrown in - again looking at the seasons not as distinct entities, but as two halves to throw the book contents into, which must simply follow the general book outline. However the problems caused by having the PW in Season 4 are much more severe pacing problems. They create weaknesses in the overall narrative arcs of the characters in both seasons, and leave the seasons weak as distinct entities with a beginning, climax, and end. The show will not have its seasons have uneven pacing and jarring transitions from season to season just to fit in book content in a certain order. The showrunners have wisely shown that they're willing to move around content if it means making the TV seasons more complete as a TV product.Fair enough. I'd call it a mistake still, having that many characters out of place at the time of Joff's death means a lot more rewriting than you are envisioning. To know why the Martells, as of yet barely mentioned in the show, act in the way they do (including siding with Dany, the plot in Dorne, Doran's caution, whatever happens with Aegon, the Sandsnakes as well as Oberyn's actions which all directly lead to significant events or foreshadowed events in the current and next books) you need to know their backstory. Most importantly of all, Elia, not named as of yet. Oberyn talking with Tyrion was and still is the perfect way to introduce her. The way she died means it should be a Lannister who talks with him about this, as does her similarity to Cersei and the way she affects Oberyn's actions. Talking to Tyrion, who would not have met him, in a cell with no introduction is stupid. Jaime is a possibility but then he would have to be in KL far too early and that brings up questions regarding how he interacts with Joff, Cersei before Joff's death and most importantly Tyrion. It's a huge diversion and I don't think it's an intelligent climax for a final episode. Which shows use a final episode climax anyway? That completely ruins the dynamic of the start of the next season. I hold to my view that it would be a horrible decision on film-making grounds as well as in regards to sticking to the book. the only advantage is that they wouldn't have to pay Gleeson for 3 episodes next season, for all that means
1983	TheDarkOne	2013-04-09	I can't fathom why after the RW you would immediately go to the PW in the next episode. Especially when the title gives us clear signaling of the two people that will most likely have prominence, Uncat and Danny.
The only real reasoning we have heard for this is an incorrect assumption that Joff was trying on wedding clothes, and the more prominent idea that people need something to feel good about. The later being a childlike level of thinking that is everything ASOIAF is not about.
None of the above even takes into account the oddness of having a wedding right after one of the biggest moments of the book which happens to be another wedding.
1984	Iotun	2013-04-09	Too many issues with having the PW in Season 4 (let's say episode 3):
- Jaime has nothing to do from around Episode 7 Seaon 3 to Episode 3 of Season 4 in the PW
- The stories of all the Tyrells and Lannisters in KL in Season 3 have no climax.
- The stories of all the Tyrells and Lannisters in KL in Season 3 have no forward momentum as they enter Season 4. They have not moved forward, they are still carrying out marriage preparations, they are still in effectively the same position as they were at the end of Season 3.
- The story of Tyrion and Sansa climax too soon during Season 3. If we treat their wedding as the climax of their Season 3 storyline, then it is an unsatisfactory climax, as it becomes void when the PW comes in the middle of Season 4.
- The stories of ALL tyrells and Lannisters (including Tyrion, and Sansa as a Stark), have a weird plot movement in season 4. They start with no forward momentum and at the same place as at the end of Season 3 when Season 4 starts, they have a very early climax by say episode 3, they have a very rapid change of scenery in terms of their position in the plot in the middle of the season, and another climax and another rapid change at the end of the season.
- Minor plot turns introduced in Season 3 are unresolved (i.e. Littlefinger tells Sansa he wants to take her away; Margaery, Joeffrey and Cercei prepare for a wedding; the Queen of Thorns and Margaery hint that they have a plot to deal with Joffrey; Jaime is on a journey to KL but hasn't yet arrived there as he can only do so after the PW). In TV you have large show wide arcs that take place throughout the seasons, and you have smaller season-wide arcs that spun an entire season (examples of season wide arcs in previous seasons: Jon Snow travels with Qhorin Halfhand until he is forced to kill him to infiltrate the wildlings; Daenerys travels to Qarth and has her dragon's stolen there; Tyrion is captured by Catelyn Stark and has to figure out how to escape and travel all the way back to King's Landing; Jaime is imprisoned by Robb and has to find a way to start his escape; Theon plots to capture Winterfell and eventually fails; Arya Stark is imprisoned in Harrengall and has to arrange her escape). All the season wide arcs listed here have proper and neat beginnings, build-ups, climaxes, and ends, that span an entire season. You can't start a minor arc at the start of a season, leave it hanging mid-way by the end of the season, tell the audience to wait and remember everything that happened for a year, and then end that arc a third of the way into the next season. That's bad storytelling, and it leaves the audience unfulfilled. The show can't introduce Joff's wedding, Sansa's escape attempt, Marg's and the QOT's plots, and then tells the audience 'Well we've been hinting at all these things for a season, but we'll just leave them hanging, try and remember what happened for a year and check back next season where we'll close these arcs quickly in the first three episodes of the new season, and introduce you to new story arcs". Instead if the PW closes all these story arcs, it creates new story arcs that start neatly at the start of season 4 (Tyrion is imprisoned, and must face a trial and plan his escape; Jaime arrives in King's Landing and must decide between his sister and his brother; Oberyn arrives in King's Landing to renew Dorne's fealty to the crown, and must plot his revenge against the mountain and Tywin; Cercei and Margaery must fight for Tommen's affections; Sansa arrives in the Vale and must handle her aunt and Littlefinger).
- The PW loses its impact if its not paired with the RW. Pairing the two together at the same time or very near to each other, creates a theme and allows the viewer to contrast the two. Separating them by a year, and having them some 5 episodes apart will actually make the TV-only viewer feel that the show is getting unimaginative: the TV-only viewer will start thinking "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"
There are more than enough big events to fit into Season 4. TWO big battles (Meereen and the wall). One cool new character with a fully fleshed out story arc (Oberyn). A big trial by combat scene. The meeting of two of the major characters in the series (Jon and Stannis). A very emotional murder scene (Tyrion and Shae/Tywin). A road adventure with Arya and the Hound. Possibly the conclusion of Bran's storyline, assuming they push it forward from DwD. That's MORE than enough material for a season!!!
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 02:09 PM.
1985	dttljs123	2013-04-09	They aren't rushing Joffrey and Margeary wedding. The RW will be the second to last episode of season 3.
1986	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	Having RW and PW is also far too much HSQ, it will detract from the impact of each
1987	Iotun	2013-04-09	I can't fathom why after the RW you would immediately go to the PW in the next episode. Especially when the title gives us clear signaling of the two people that will most likely have prominence, Uncat and Danny.The only real reasoning we have heard for this is an incorrect assumption that Joff was trying on wedding clothes, and the more prominent idea that people need something to feel good about. The later being a childlike level of thinking that is everything ASOIAF is not about.None of the above even takes into account the oddness of having a wedding right after one of the biggest moments of the book which happens to be another wedding.Cercei specifically mentions Margaery's wedding gown, so they ARE talking about a wedding. It's also not to give people something to feel good about. It's because its makes narrative sense in terms of plot structure, whereas being in Season 4 does not. I think the two weddings will happen in the same episode, which will focus on only two locations, the Twins and King's Landing and the two weddings presented next to each other. Episode 10 will have Cat's corpse found by the BwB and end with her been resurrected, will end Jaime's storyline with him just arriving in the city, will show the fallback from the two deaths and in Stannis's storyline will vindicate Melisandre's curse in the eyes of Stannis and Davos (if, as they assume, they show the scene with the burning leeches. I don't think the show will try to make the deaths of the two king's unexpected, I think what will be unexpected is the way they will happen). Dany will have her Myssa scene, and her turning to Meereen when she sees the first crucified child will be the second to last scene (the last being the reveal of UnCat).There's no significant event that happens in between the two weddings that can't somehow be moved somewhere else. There's the conversation with Tyrion, Tywin and Joeffrey where Tywin understands what kind of monster Joeffrey is, but that can easily be moved around. The only argument against having the PW in Season 3 is to have one single scene with Oberyn and Tyrion even though:a) the show will NEVER have as long an exposition scene as the entire conversation between Tyrion and Oberyn. That is a scene that could easily last 10 to 15 minutes if the conversation lasts as long as it does in the book, and the show has too little precious time to waste on it. The information on the Martell's will ALWAYS be presented spread out in many scenes in any case, regardless of where the PW is placed. And when has the show EVER been faithful to the books when expositions scenes are concerned rather than have the information presented spread out in different parts of the show? /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it makes MORE narrative sense for Oberyn to arrive AFTER the PW, otherwise why would nobody suspect the notorious poisoner with a very vocal and outright hatred of all Lannisters as having plotted to kill the king (even with the aid of Tyrion if the argument is that Cercei suspects Tyrion too much given Sansa's disappearance).c) The exact same scene can be replayed with Oberyn visiting Tyrion in the cells a couple of times (whom he does visit anyway), or by having the information told to Jaime who replaces Tyrion as the escort to King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 02:22 PM.
1988	Iotun	2013-04-09	And one other thing. Saying that the PW will not be rushed because the RW happens in episode 9 fails to look at the season in TV terms. In a season, ALL characters have their own arc, and ALL must have some kind of closure to their season arc. You can't just write a season thinking that well we have one big event happening in the Robb camp, so its alright to leave the majority of the King's Landing characters with an incomplete season arc, because the events in the other camps compensate for it, so we'll have the audience wait for a whole YEAR to find the conclusion of those storylines. All characters must have seasonal closure. This is not a book where we think of events within the whole narrative as separate and coming in a sequence one after the other. This is a TV show season where different characters have arcs that run in parallel, with all seasonal arcs needing parallel completion by the end of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 02:27 PM.
1989	Iotun	2013-04-09	Having RW and PW is also far too much HSQ, it will detract from the impact of eachNo, as I mentioned, having them seperate will detract from the impact of the PW. Quoting myself from above:- The PW loses its impact if its not paired with the RW. Pairing the two together at the same time or very near to each other, creates a theme and allows the viewer to contrast the two. Separating them by a year, and having them some 5 episodes apart will actually make the TV-only viewer feel that the show is getting unimaginative: the TV-only viewer will start thinking "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"
1990	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	No, as I mentioned, having them seperate will detract from the impact of the PW. Quoting myself from above:- The PW loses its impact if its not paired with the RW. Pairing the two together at the same time or very near to each other, creates a theme and allows the viewer to contrast the two. Separating them by a year, and having them some 5 episodes apart will actually make the TV-only viewer feel that the show is getting unimaginative: the TV-only viewer will start thinking "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"I disagree, I think putting them together so close together makes it seem like the show has no ideas. It looks less like cruel ironic mirroring and more like a gimmick. Maybe if the RW happened halfway through teh season it would work. But I can see we're never going to agree.
1991	Sun	2013-04-09	You present a good argument, lotun. But I never the less will disagree with you for one simple reason: You can not have 3 separate weddings in one single season in the span of 5 or 6 episode. It would strike show viewers as one tone, and slightly ridiculous.
1992	bent branch	2013-04-09	While I have no real opinion on whether the PW will be this season or not, reading everyone's posts has made me wonder if they do accelerate the RW is it because they want to introduce Aegon sooner?
1993	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	While I have no real opinion on whether the PW will be this season or not, reading everyone's posts has made me wonder if they do accelerate the RW is it because they want to introduce Aegon sooner?We'd have to find out he ever existed first. Has Aerys' murdered family really been mentioned?
1994	Sun	2013-04-09	We'd have to find out he ever existed first. Has Aerys' murdered family really been mentioned?I think it was in conversation in S1. I won't swear to it though, I could easily be confusing the books with the show.
1995	bent branch	2013-04-09	We'd have to find out he ever existed first. Has Aerys' murdered family really been mentioned?Actually, I had noticed that Aegon hasn't been mentioned yet (when someone was worrying that the Blackfyres hadn't been mentioned yet). I have been wondering if that meant he wouldn't be in the story or if the shows producers thought it would be too confusing to drop hints about a character who wouldn't be seen for awhile when there were so many other characters for viewers to keep track of.Note on Sun's post: I have no reason to doubt Sun's claim it was in S1. My memory is terrible.
1996	The Monkey	2013-04-09	Actually, I had noticed that Aegon hasn't been mentioned yet (when someone was worrying that the Blackfyres hadn't been mentioned yet). I have been wondering if that meant he wouldn't be in the story or if the shows producers thought it would be too confusing to drop hints about a character who wouldn't be seen for awhile when there were so many other characters for viewers to keep track of.Note on Sun's post: I have no reason to doubt Sun's claim it was in S1. My memory is terrible.Cat says in S1E8 that Tywin butchered the "Targaryen children" when he took KL, but I don't think they're mentioned by name.
1997	King Cheops	2013-04-09	Aegon will likely be mentioned during whatever exposition we get with Oberyn.  All the more reason to have Season 3 end with PW so that episode 9x04 can be Oberyn losing the trial by battle.  That way we get 9 episodes of exposition about the Martells. If PW happens 4x04 then we only get 4 episodes.  Silly show planning.
Edit:  Also, doesn't Joffrey scream for his mother as he chokes out?  So the episode title could be for 3 mothers -- Danny, UnCat, and Cersei.  Remember that Cersei's defining trait is her children.
					
					
							Edited by King Cheops, 09 April 2013 - 03:19 PM.
1998	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	That's kind of drawing out Tyrion's time in prison a bit though!  I suppose Jaime can be a Tyrion expy for his conversations with Oberyn if he gets back to KL before Oberyn arrives
1999	houseHB	2013-04-09	SPOILER ALERT
It has been revealed that the episode that GRRM will write for season 4 will be episode two. So I think the events in Kings Landing in this seasons finale will be getting prepared for Joffrey's wedding, the Lannisters preparing for the Dornish arrival, and the aftermath of a certain event.
2000	Iotun	2013-04-09	I disagree, I think putting them together so close together makes it seem like the show has no ideas. It looks less like cruel ironic mirroring and more like a gimmick. Maybe if the RW happened halfway through teh season it would work. But I can see we're never going to agree.Well we'll have to agree to disagree then. We'll see how it plays out. I reserve the right to say 'told you so' though if I'm right /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
2001	-Ghost-	2013-04-09	Like someone said above...
	Spoiler  GRRM has revealed that he is writing episode 2 of season 4 and he has turned it in... Purple Wedding
2002	MoAt	2013-04-09	I'm firmly in the PW in ep 10 camp, (but not to the point of calling anyone insane who doesn't agree.) It's just how I'd write it, if I were adapting these books to a TV series, and needed to end some arcs.Non-book readers need a serious bone.Cersei 
	Spoiler screaming for Tyrion's arrest
 makes for one of several great cliffhangers, and is one of the three Mhysas.
	Spoiler Lady Stoneheart
 is the 3rd, and will take all of 5 minutes of screen time.The Martells don't need to show up until next season, just like the Reeds were fine being introduced this season. People need to get over expecting everything to play out exactly like it does in the books. I know it's amazing, but it's still a TV series.After Lady Olenna's rant from Ep 2, Mace doesn't need to show up at all. Loras can give away Margaery.And there's still plenty of time in the episode for Jon and 
	Spoiler the wildling fight at the Wall, with Ygritte's death. 
 In fact, I could easier see that happening at the beginning of next season rather than postpone the PW for yet another season, since there's really no reason to as far as plot goes.As others have mentioned in this thread, 
	Spoiler the RW and PW happen almost back to back in the book.
As for Second Sons:  Joffrey is Cersei's 2nd son (her son w/Robert died.) Tommen is Jamie's 2nd son, and 
	Spoiler will be their 2nd son on the IT.

					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 09 April 2013 - 05:44 PM.
2003	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	"A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?" I would have to disagree. as someone else said on here, it would be far more ridiculous for two death weddings to happen back to back. Also, the other comment about the Oberyn scene being not needed because it is 10-15 minutes is interesting, although this is not an issue either. I remember someone on another thread putting it beautuflly: basically, the writers on this show are put to a tremendous task of being able to put huge book conversations into a few simple lines that are watched and fully understood by show viewers. QoT's scene with Sansa was a great example. It went into tremendous detail and lasted for a large POV chapter, but the show scene was barely a few lines structurally speaking. If the wedding is put in this season, I'm sure the writers will have a good reason, although this is an end which I cannot rationalize as being entirely logical.
2004	MoAt	2013-04-09	I don't understand people who say that the PW doesn't make any sense to be in Season 3, and that it won't fit the plot. I actually think its the other way round. The PW makes PERFECT sense, because it neatly serves as a scense change, climax, and start of a different chapter for all the characters in KL.I think people who think the PW should be in Season 4 don't really think of the show as a TV product, and the seasons as distinct entities in themselves, but rather think of Season 3 and Season 4 as 'the seasons to throw things into from the books'. In TV, seasons must be self contained and complete an arc in themselves for their characters. A season is typically structured to have an introduction where things move onwards from the old season and the characters take a step into a new direction and find themselves in new and interesting circumstances, then a buildup, a climax for the characters, then a chapter close, where the characters take a next move into the new situation they will find themselves in at the next season's start. You can't have characters who don't build up to anything all season and sort of stay there doing nothing at the season climax. You can't have a new season start with the characters being pretty much exactly where they were. You can't have a season climax in episode 3 or 4 of a new season, having been build up over one and a half years, with a year's break in between, then a slowdown for major characters again, so that you build a second climax in episodes 8 and 9 of the same season. Having the PW in Season 4 makes the storylines of Cercei, Tyrion, Sansa, Jaime, Margaery, the QOT very awkard. Really, think of this, what will Jaime be doing for the first half of season 4? Jaime can only arrive in King's Landing after Joffrey has been killed, so what can he be doing for the first hallf of the season? Doesn't it make much more sense for him to finish his story 3 arc right as he's coming into King's Landing, and then start Season 4 with him right when he comes into the city? The only reason to have it in Season 4 seems to be some obsessive purist concern to have Oberyn's introduction play exactly as it did in the books, when it can be handled so much better otherwise.We had a long thread on the subject back in the General Discussion. So as not to retype my arguments again, I'll just quote my post from that thread below, written just after the end of Season 2. I actually think that so far with what little we are seeing of Season 3, my predictions in it are coming true.I'm so confident that the PW will be in Season 3, I'm willing to bet money on it. That's right, and I'm dead serious, anybody who think it'll be Season 4, I'll gladly take that bet on, and I'm confident I'll win.I think people who think it'll be in Season 4 think too much in book terms, and that S3 and S4 are just two vehicles to staff material from the book into. But each season must be a complete entity in itself, that's no longer just part of 'the season that must contain the events of Book 3'. It all boils down to this - the PW in Season 4 makes for very convoluted and jarring story arcs in Season 4, and very unsatisfactory ones in Season 3. With it in Season 3, it all fits together.The arguments against the PW in Season 3 are artificial and book centered:Oberyn Martell needs to be in the PW, and he doesn't come in until Season 4: No, not really. This is the same argument that the burning of Winterfell would not have happened in Season 2 because Reek wasn't introduced. It is silly. This is the show that has taken 2 seasons to introduce Edmure and the Tullys, that hasn't introduced the Greyjoy brothers yet, who removed Reek from Winterfell, who is giving us the Reeds in Season 3. At the end of the day, Oberyn is important for one thing - to champion Tyrion. Not for being at the wedding. Oberyn may had been coming to King's Landing to review Dorne's fealty to the crown. As a gesture of goodwill after receiving Myrcella. In a random visit. There's no need whatsoever for him to be coming for the wedding, and his reception could simply be given to Jaime rather than Tyrion.Too much will be shoved into Season 3 if the PW is in it too: Again not really. I'd argue to the contrary - not too much will be in Season 3, a season which D&D have stated they've been waiting for to do, and there'd be too much in Season 4. That makes sense looking at the arguments WHY it'd be in Season 3.Why Season 3?It simply makes sense as an overall story arc, and overriding theme for season 3, with the main theme being the weddings, from the aftermath of Robb's wedding to Talysa, to the 3 weddings at the end. Without the PW, the season just feels flat for many of the characters. With Loras and Margaery having been build up as major chracters what will they be doing and building up to the whole season? What will Cersei and Joffrey? You have a fairly significant actress coming in to play the Queen of Thorns, who comes into the season and ends up... doing nothing much. These are all major characters and their storylines will just kinda<U+0080> stay there. Just because the Robb camp has a major event doesn't mean the KL camp has to stay in one place. Even Tyrion and Sansa, you could argue that their big moment is their own wedding<U+0080> but you can't have their story climax in Episode 8 and then have nothing for them in the last 2 episodes, especially given that they're primary characters in the show. Their own wedding is also an unsatifactory conclusion for them. If the wedding between Tyrion and Sansa is meant to be the climax for their story and an important point, then just voiding that in the first 2 or 3 episodes of season 4 just makes it fall flat on its face. So much<U+0080> neater for their arc, to end with Sansa escaping the Red Keep, and Tyrion being accused for Joffrey's murder. It just so better points to the ridiculousness of the whole charade of them being married just two episodes back, and gives a climax to all stories. Margaery and Loras have actual arc which end with them killing the king, the Queen of Thorns ends on a high as she is revealed to be the person orchestrating the murder behind the scenes, Cercei's arc ends with the loss of her son, and effectively her loss against the Tyrells's in the game, Joffrey's ends with him, well dying, etc.It also parallels so beautifully with the RW - the dual tragedy in both camps. It makes sense dramatically. Both camps have been preparing for important weddings that would seal alliances the whole season. Both end in tragedy. Joffrey, boasting about the events that happened in just the previous episode finally gets what happens to him at the season end. With the RW causing an uproar in Episode 9, and a probably very vocal outrage from the fans who haven't read the books, how can D&D NOT go for the double punch - and end with yet ANOTHER big event as the season finisher? On the one hand, they have the chance to do TV history, to do a truly dramatic two episode punch to the face, and on the other hand? Episode 10 just sort of ties things together (and what's there to tie in King's Landing? The outcome of a deflated wedding for Tyrion and the other parties doing nothing much). Joffrey's death is a very big, and very emotionally satisfying event - but they'll just leave it for an Episode 2 or Episode 3 of the next season? And then if it is season 4, are the interested parties (Lannisters and Tyrrells), going to be preparing for the wedding for just the first one or two episodes of Season 4? Given that Margaery arrived in KL at the end of Season 2, its expected there will be talk of her wedding all through Season 3. This will parallel the talk of the wedding with the Frey's. The Queen of Thorns in Season 3 is almost definitely going to have her scene with Sansa where she confides to her that Joffrey is a monster, which will become the seed for the Tyrell resolution that Joffrey must die. So are D&D just going to be saying 'Oh we've been talking about and building up to this big event in KL the whole of Season 3, but you know, actually we're just not going to show it, we'll just show it in Episode 3 of the next season'? It just doesn't make dramatic sense. After the wedding, is the audience expected to recall the conversation between the QoT and Sansa from the previous season and ties things together, or are the two events more likely to be put together in the same season? The only reason to keep it in Season 4 is for some pure adherence to book timelines, which they've shown they don't care about.In a similar way, Jaime's storyline otherwise makes no sense for Season 3. Jaime's Season 3 storyline makes much more sense with him ending his journey, both physically and emotionally, with him arriving in King's Landing,. But Jaime must arrive AFTER Joffrey has died, if not because of the book plotline, simply because it goes against Jaime's character to be at the wedding where Joffrey dies and then allow Joffrey to mock Tyrion, or Tyrion to be arrested. So if we put Joffrey dying in the start of Season 4, then Jaime's story in Season 3 just ends<U+0080> somewhere, but not really anywhere.And yes, it is true that otherwise the season will end up just being to depressing and make fans angry who only see the bad guys win. Remember, we won't just have the RW, we're also likely to have Ygritte dying in Episode 9 or 10, which will ALSO be a major depressing event, and Theon, who granted is not a very sympathetic character but is still much more likeable than the bastard of Bolton, facing some unspeakable torture at the hands of the latter. D&D will be seriously in risk of losing viewers if they just end the whole season with most of the good guys having depressing losses, people being tortured at the hands of sadists, love pairings being torn apart, and all the bad guys winning (even in Dany's storyline we risk seeing it end with her exiling Jorah, though personally I think that'll be the climax of Season 4).Similarly, putting the PW in Season 4 makes that Season very confusing. Story arcs will just come and go. Sansa's, Cercei's and Tyrion's storyline will have a massive spike two episodes in, then kind of deflate, then just have another spike. Joffrey, rather than having an arc, will just show up for 2 episodes then die off and that'll be it - as if Joffrey is not one of the key characters of the show, that deserves his death, with all the emotional appeal that will have, to be featured prominently in a season finale. All these characters don't have proper beginning, middle and end points in their arcs for Season 4. Instead their real starts will be a few episodes into the season, with the first episodes just sort of, not really that important.  Instead, so much more neater to start Cercei right after she's lost Joffrey, Tyrion in prison, and Sansa arriving at the vale, and see their stories from that point. It's also so much neater for Jaime's story as well. Right at the start we get introduced to the Martells in Dorne, and Oberyn arriving in KL, for<U+0080> whatever reason, I've listed several possible ones above, and is met by a recently arrived Jaime. The main season thread I see for S4 is - people leaving, and converging together. Arya will finish S4 leaving for Braavos, Tyrion will be leaving for Pentos, Doran will reveal that he's been plotting the Targaryen return and has send his son to find Dany, Sam will be leaving for Oldtown, and we'll be starting to see the threads of the stories from East and West finally starting converging.And to all those who think there's just not enough to fit in S4 - I beg to disagree. For Jon, I think Season 3 will end with Ygritte dying in his arms, and Season 4 will have the battle for the wall, the arrival of Stannis and Mel, and him being voted Commander of the Watch. Plenty there, including a major battle. For Tyrion, Cercei, Jaime, there's the emotional triangle between the three (which ONLY really works as a major point if the season starts with it, Jaime just coming into the city just as Tyrion is put in prison based on Cercei's accusations), Jaime's conflicting loyalties leading to his helping his brother rather than staying loyal to his sister, the interactions of all 3 with Oberyn, the trial, the murder of Tywin, the escape. If Jaime could spend most of Season 2 in a cell, so can Tyrion, and in fact Tyrion has a lot more chance for interactions with other characters than Jaime did in Season 4. Plenty there for all characters, and not even getting into Cercei's chapters from Book 4. Arya, who I believe will end Season 3 with being captured by the Hound at the end of Season 3, can have her travels with the hound expanded on in Season 4, and her story ending with her leaving Westeros to be trained as a FM. Plenty there. And for Dany - actually my theory is, that Mereen and Astapor will NOT in fact be merged, and that in fact Meereen, its siege and capture will be expanded on and cover the entirety of Season 4. I believe n Season 3 Meereen will be build up as the capital of Slaver Bay, strong and impenetrable, and Dany will be convinced not to attack it, But at the final episode, as she is marching with her army, she sees the first of the children crucified with its hand pointing to Meereen, and the season will end with her turning her horse around and riding with her army away as a crucified child points to her the way. Where Season 3 was 'Dany builds her army', Season 4 will be 'Dany the conqueror' and only Season 5 will be 'Dany the leasder'. And Season 4 will end with her at the top of the great pyramid of Meereen, while exiling Jorah. A lot there as well, including a major battle.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Although I think one of the cliffhangers this season will be Sansa just disappearing from the room, while the guards are taking a hold of Tyrion.The Epilogue will be LS, like the White Walkers last year.
2005	Blackfish Stark	2013-04-09	SPOILER ALERTIt has been revealed that the episode that GRRM will write for season 4 will be episode two. So I think the events in Kings Landing in this seasons finale will be getting prepared for Joffrey's wedding, the Lannisters preparing for the Dornish arrival, and the aftermath of a certain event.Do we have any confirmation of this?  A link?  An article?  A quick google search revealed nothing on my end.
2006	MoAt	2013-04-09	Do we have any confirmation of this?  A link?  An article?  A quick google search revealed nothing on my end.It's at WIC. But there is no comfirm on what the episode will consist of, only that he's writing it.My money is on the battle for The Wall, and Stannis's arrival. The timing works much better for ep 2 than the PW, IMO.@lotun - I don't see both the RW and PW happening in the same episode, only due to Tyrion needing to tell Sansa about it. If they're in the same episode, they will seem to happen simultaneously. Regardless that Tywin organized it, it doesn't mean he has a Magic Asshai Ball and knows it came off without a hitch.But in back to back eps? Definitely. I also think that would make for a much bigger surprise than waiting for a year, and having it become inevitable to even non-book readers (which it's sort of there now....)Once Tyrion tells Sansa about it, all bets are off. Like someone else mentioned in this thread - they really don't need to even have a wedding. Just a dinner, and Joffrey chokes. Although it does take away from the Black Widow Virgin factor of Margaery Tyrell-Baratheon-Baratheon-Baratheon.
2007	Tooms	2013-04-09	Looking at the episode names:
	Spoiler 
Ep9: The Rains of Castamere ... Given the song named "Rains of Castamere" is a reminder of the fate of those who cross the Lannisters, we can safely say this is the RW (the song is sung at the RW, but it's also sung at the PW) So it is POSSIBLE, we get BOTH weddings in the ONE episode.
Ep10: Mhysa ... Which is low Valyrian for "Mother" to means it's about Catelyn and/or Cersei... Meaning Catelyn's fate is at least hinted at, and Cersei has to have a mohter moment (meaning her son Jofferey might be about to die or is already dead.
Given that episode 1 linked LF with Sansa and getting her out of King's Landing, I suspect that will need to see the end of the season with Sansa leaving the city ...
My money is on the RW and PW being in this season.
2008	-Ghost-	2013-04-09	It's at WIC. But there is no comfirm on what the episode will consist of, only that he's writing it.My money is on the battle for The Wall, and Stannis's arrival. The timing works much better for ep 2 than the PW, IMO.@lotun - I don't see both the RW and PW happening in the same episode, only due to Tyrion needing to tell Sansa about it. If they're in the same episode, they will seem to happen simultaneously. Regardless that Tywin organized it, it doesn't mean he has a Magic Asshai Ball and knows it came off without a hitch.But in back to back eps? Definitely. I also think that would make for a much bigger surprise than waiting for a year, and having it become inevitable to even non-book readers (which it's sort of there now....)Once Tyrion tells Sansa about it, all bets are off. Like someone else mentioned in this thread - they really don't need to even have a wedding. Just a dinner, and Joffrey chokes. Although it does take away from the Black Widow Virgin factor of Margaery Tyrell-Baratheon-Baratheon-Baratheon.George says - "Most of season four will be drawn from the third book, A STORM OF SWORDS, though some material from the fourth and fifth books may be added. Books four and five, remember, take place simultaneously, not sequentially."So I doubt it's the Battle for the Wall.
2009	MoAt	2013-04-09	George says -"Most of season four will be drawn from the third book, A STORM OF SWORDS, though some material from the fourth and fifth books may be added. Books four and five, remember, take place simultaneously, not sequentially."So I doubt it's the Battle for the Wall.Why not? 6 episodes = most. If season 4 ends Jon's arc with becoming LC, the Battle needs to be well before that. It also wouldn't surprise me if the battle is more than one episode. Then Jon's in jail for a while, then the voting lasts a while....But who knows? It's fun to look at the Timeline and try to figure it out. And that one doesn't even include events from ADWD.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 09 April 2013 - 08:48 PM.
2010	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-09	Has Mace Tyrell even been cast? I don't see anything for his character on imdb. I can't see how they can have the PW without him (I don't buy this "Loras can give her away" idea; why wouldn't her FATHER be at the wedding?).
The final episode has to have a Dany in Astapor segment. Yes, Mhysa means mother, but it's what the slaves call DANY. They can't squeeze a significant Astapor segment, the PW, AND Uncat into one episode (and I am positive that Uncat is the closer of the season, thus creating another "mother" reference). Cat existence, particularly in the show, completely revolves around her role as a mother.
2011	Tooms	2013-04-09	They won't introduce Mace Tyrell ... They don't need him for anything that cannot be done by another character
2012	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-09	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.This debate has been raging on for ages but the reality became clear a good while ago. As it stands, I will happily take a bet that the PW will not occur in Season 3. If I'm wrong, I'll change my avatar to anything embarrassing that my counter-better proposes. If I'm right, we'll do the reverse.As a bonus, I'll also regularly refer to myself as both stupid and ignorant in every other post. Anyone interested in such a bet?
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 09 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
2013	teemo	2013-04-09	can't they just get some random dude for mace tyrell?  he's a boring buffoon anyway. he doesn't even need to talk...
2014	teemo	2013-04-09	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.This debate has been raging on for ages but the reality became clear a good while ago. As it stands, I will happily take a bet that the PW will not occur in Season 3. If I'm wrong, I'll change my avatar to anything embarrassing that my counter-better proposes. If I'm right, we'll do the reverse.As a bonus, I'll also regularly refer to myself as both stupid and ignorant in every other post.Anyone interested in such a bet?I want this bet!  Too bad I agree with you...
2015	MoAt	2013-04-09	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.This debate has been raging on for ages but the reality became clear a good while ago. As it stands, I will happily take a bet that the PW will not occur in Season 3. If I'm wrong, I'll change my avatar to anything embarrassing that my counter-better proposes. If I'm right, we'll do the reverse.As a bonus, I'll also regularly refer to myself as both stupid and ignorant in every other post.Anyone interested in such a bet?Asshole much? Seriously dude, what are you afraid of that you have to belittle people who disagree with you? If you don't want to have this discussion, then don't. Stay away from threads like this one. But calling people stupid and ignorant is repetitive, and doesn't add anything to the discussion.
2016	Tooms	2013-04-09	If PW doesn't happen this season, it has to happen in the first few episodes of season 4
2017	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-09	sooo Mad King Jeoffry agrees to marry Marge Tig ole bitties at the end of season 2 only to have it in season 4? t.v dont work that way homie
i bet we get a Baratheon/Tyrell/Lannister/Stark uber wedding where imp nasty gets framed for MKJ's murder IN SEASON 3.they have laid groundwork in the show for both tyrion & joeff to get hitched at same time. tyrion will also kill tywin/shae & get framed for j by queen o thrones. it is known
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 09 April 2013 - 10:50 PM.
2018	Envie	2013-04-09	I have carefully read this entire raging debate, it's great! I can actually see the valid arguments for both sides of this and I look forward to finding out who was right / wrong about this season. I personally just don't know... the evidence and reasons are strong both ways so I'm going to just sit on the fence and see what happens. I will say, with the telling name of the last episode... "Mother" could mean Catelyn, Cersei and Danaerys all three at once.
2019	Dragon Doll	2013-04-10	Its most likely just a lead-up, and a good way to show him being a spoiled sod.
There's a lot to cram into 10 episodes.
That said, i still wish it would happen this season.
2020	chilliwidow	2013-04-10	Ok so this might be a stupid thought and sorry if it is, but do you think they definitely will kill off joffrey? I mean we've hardly seen tommen in series 1 or 2 and when he did briefly appear in season 2 a lot of (non book) fans had no idea who he was. So they are going to have to bring tommen into this season so people know who he is when he takes joffreys place...
2021	StarkDragon	2013-04-10	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either delightful or godly.Some people believe the PW will be near RW, because of the same reason it was in the same book: To make it bittersweet, not just bitter. If you want to bash people, right or not, you're not going to make them accept your point of view. You're just going to make your opposition become emotionally defensive, and use the same crude tools you do, which changes this from a discussion to a piss match. Which, at least to me, is unseemly.
2022	Iotun	2013-04-10	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.This debate has been raging on for ages but the reality became clear a good while ago. As it stands, I will happily take a bet that the PW will not occur in Season 3. If I'm wrong, I'll change my avatar to anything embarrassing that my counter-better proposes. If I'm right, we'll do the reverse.As a bonus, I'll also regularly refer to myself as both stupid and ignorant in every other post.Anyone interested in such a bet?I'll take that bet, but I'm not interested in playing with avatars. Why don't we do a money bet. Money transfer to a winner's bank account of choice. I win you give me $250, you win I give you $500 AND will change my avatar to whatever you want. I'll give you a handicap since you're not winning this one.Edited to add: If the offer is accepted, it stands regardless of what happens in the next episodes. If the next few episodes make it obvious there'll be a wedding, no cancelling the bet before the PW actually airs.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 10 April 2013 - 03:37 AM.
2023	greatgeek	2013-04-10	I'm betting on 4x02 (GRRM's episode). KLs story in the premier will revolve around the wedding preparations and the arrival of the Dornish (and possibly Mace Tyrel).
					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 10 April 2013 - 03:47 AM.
2024	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	I'd be surprised if Joffrey would die as early as episode 2 of season 4. But it's entirely possible that this is going to be an episode dealing with the final preparations for/the beginning of the wedding. Episode 4 would be a much better episode for this, it could very easily become another huge what-the-fuck-moment as 'Dracarys' is going to be.
2025	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	It's at WIC. But there is no comfirm on what the episode will consist of, only that he's writing it.My money is on the battle for The Wall, and Stannis's arrival. The timing works much better for ep 2 than the PW, IMO.@lotun - I don't see both the RW and PW happening in the same episode, only due to Tyrion needing to tell Sansa about it. If they're in the same episode, they will seem to happen simultaneously. Regardless that Tywin organized it, it doesn't mean he has a Magic Asshai Ball and knows it came off without a hitch.But in back to back eps? Definitely. I also think that would make for a much bigger surprise than waiting for a year, and having it become inevitable to even non-book readers (which it's sort of there now....)Once Tyrion tells Sansa about it, all bets are off. Like someone else mentioned in this thread - they really don't need to even have a wedding. Just a dinner, and Joffrey chokes. Although it does take away from the Black Widow Virgin factor of Margaery Tyrell-Baratheon-Baratheon-Baratheon.I think Stannis' arrival will be later in the season than episode 2, unless the last couple of episodes this season and the first next season are very Jon heavy
2026	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	can't they just get some random dude for mace tyrell?  he's a boring buffoon anyway. he doesn't even need to talk...Evidence currently looks like he might be ruling the kingdom come WoW
2027	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	I'll take that bet, but I'm not interested in playing with avatars. Why don't we do a money bet. Money transfer to a winner's bank account of choice. I win you give me $250, you win I give you $500 AND will change my avatar to whatever you want. I'll give you a handicap since you're not winning this one.Edited to add: If the offer is accepted, it stands regardless of what happens in the next episodes. If the next few episodes make it obvious there'll be a wedding, no cancelling the bet before the PW actually airs.Unfortunately I don't currently earn any money and so it would be wrong of me to make such a bet. Also, I'm a bit dubious about money bets over the internet as there's no way of ensuring that we'll get payed.In my earlier post, it was a long night, and I was tired of all the debate. What I should have done was just close the topic down, but I thought a provocative post would be fun! I have to admit, I do find it baffling that people think it more likely than not that the PW will be in this season. Some people believe the PW will be near RW, because of the same reason it was in the same book: To make it bittersweet, not just bitter.If you want to bash people, right or not, you're not going to make them accept your point of view. You're just going to make your opposition become emotionally defensive, and use the same crude tools you do, which changes this from a discussion to a piss match. Which, at least to me, is unseemly.I was going more along the lines of 'put your money where you mouth is'. Unfortunately I don't have any money so all I could put was my avatar. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Asshole much?Seriously dude, what are you afraid of that you have to belittle people who disagree with you?If you don't want to have this discussion, then don't. Stay away from threads like this one. But calling people stupid and ignorant is repetitive, and doesn't add anything to the discussion.It was a bit over the line but I thought it would be a fun bet. It's still on the table if anyone wants to take it. Don't take what I said to seriously though - it's a joke (albeit one that's not to everyone's taste)
2028	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	Reasons why we won't get the PW this season:The RW will very likely end episode 9The PW happens 124 pages after the RW in my copy. The RW ends at page 703. Why cover 703 pages in 9 episodes at a rate of 78 pages per episode and then cover 124 pages in the final episode? That's terrible pacingOberyn and Mace Tyrell are not in Season 3Aiden Gillen says he gets a boat next seasonPeter Dinklage says this season 'breathes more deeply'PW is a major event with loads of extras but yet no one near the sets mentions it happening, whereas the RW was easily leakedWhy split ASOS in two only to have two major events back to back with little left for season 4?Why rush ahead to AFFC and ADWD material when it is generally seen as weaker and difficult to work on tv?Why have we not seen any clips of the PW in any trailer despite having seen the RW?Why put Tyrion's marriage in episode 8, making it a big thing, unless if you're using it as a substitute for a major plot arc?Why is the pacing in KL not more urgent than it is, given the need to fit such a major event in with the necessary foreshadowing and discussion?Why not resolve uncat now, providing a nice conclusion to Cat and Beric's stories instead of leaving them for next season and replacing it with the PW?And this is just from the top of my head. Can you really consider all that and still genuinely believe the PW will be in this season?
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 07:57 AM.
2029	StarkDragon	2013-04-10	I was going more along the lines of 'put your money where you mouth is'. Unfortunately I don't have any money so all I could put was my avatar. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And that's cool, I'm totally for non-commerce bets, as they're just fun. It's a shame I haven't made an opinion myself of whether or not it's season 3.However you have to admit saying:Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.is only going to meet with very negative reactions, and isn't going to make it very likely that people will see your POV by saying it.Certainly you realize it's more likely to make them defy it, right? Especially given the immediate reactions.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 10 April 2013 - 09:20 AM.
2030	MoAt	2013-04-10	The RW will very likely end episode 9 - Agreed.The PW happens 124 pages after the RW in my copy. The RW ends at page 703. Why cover 703 pages in 9 episodes at a rate of 78 pages per episode and then cover 124 pages in the final episode? That's terrible pacing - It's called Character ArcOberyn and Mace Tyrell are not in Season 3 - They don't need to be. See The Reeds.Aiden Gillen says he gets a boat next season - No one is saying the aftermath happens this season. We're saying Joffrey hits the floor this season. LF doesn't need to take Sansa anywhere until AFTER the PW, which would mean next season.Peter Dinklage says this season 'breathes more deeplly' - HAAAA. Are you saying that means it can't happen because Joffrey can't breathe? PW is a major event with loads of extras but yet no one near the sets mentions it happening, whereas the RW was easily leaked - You're saying their production company can't keep a secret? See LOST, and tons of other shows.Why split ASOS in two only to have two major events back to back with little left for season 4? - Because there's lots more that happens in ASOS, as well as the two other books whose events happen simultaneously. There's more than enough left for season 4. Why rush ahead to AFFC and ADWD material when it is generally seen as weaker and difficult to work on tv? - Seen by whom? You? Do you write for the show? Do you write for television or film for a living? Why have we not seen any clips of the PW in any trailer despite having seen the RW? - Because they're not five year olds who can't keep a secret.Why put Tyrion's marriage in episode 8, making it a big thing, unless if you're using it as a substitute for a major plot arc? - You're assuming it's in 8, but it could be in 7. Either way it doesn't matter. They're two different events that happen very quickly in the books. Joffrey's wedding is a bigger plot arc than Tyrion's, which is much more of a last-minute personal arc than a multi-character arc that has been planned since last season. Why is the pacing in KL not more urgent than it is, given the need to fit such a major event in with the necessary foreshadowing and discussion?  - We've only had two epeisodes. Dragging it out to ep 10 is a long time. Why should there be any more "foreshadowing and discussion" when the moment (Joffrey choking) is going to be a surprise? As for "foreshadowing and discussion" did you miss the scene with Lady Olenna this week? How much more do you want? The wedding itself has been discussed every episode so far.Why not resolve uncat now, providing a nice conclusion to Cat and Beric's stories instead of leaving them for next season and replacing it with the PW? - No one is discussing that here, and it has no bearing on the PW, at all. Of course most people would like to see it happen at the end of this season. But one has nothing to do with the other.
2031	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	And that's cool, I'm totally for non-commerce bets, as they're just fun. It's a shame I haven't made an opinion myself of whether or not it's season 3.However you have to admit saying:is only going to meet with very negative reactions, and isn't going to make it very likely that people will see your POV by saying it.Certainly you realize it's more likely to make them defy it, right? Especially given the immediate reactions.I thought it would provoke them into taking the bet. And it emphasised how confident I am in my viewpoint because I wagered that I was both stupid and ignorant if I got it wrong. Harmless bit of fun imo but can see why it could offend.The RW will very likely end episode 9 - Agreed. Yay, we agree on something  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The PW happens 124 pages after the RW in my copy. The RW ends at page 703. Why cover 703 pages in 9 episodes at a rate of 78 pages per episode and then cover 124 pages in the final episode? That's terrible pacing - It's called Character Arc - That's no defense at all. Why not put RW episode 8 and spread pages more evenly? Character arc would be even betterOberyn and Mace Tyrell are not in Season 3 - They don't need to be. See The Reeds. - Oberyn is an important suspect for the poisoning of Joffrey and his arc is very important in Season 4Aiden Gillen says he gets a boat next season - No one is saying the aftermath happens this season. We're saying Joffrey hits the floor this season. LF doesn't need to take Sansa anywhere until AFTER the PW, which would mean next season. - The quote eliminates some ways in which the PW can unfold although not all of themPeter Dinklage says this season 'breathes more deeplly' - HAAAA. Are you saying that means it can't happen because Joffrey can't breathe? - Lol, no, I meant that he gave no hint that anything particularly drastic or exciting would happen this season, unlike Robb in interview, who sounded pumped. Subjective but perhaps a useful clue in context.PW is a major event with loads of extras but yet no one near the sets mentions it happening, whereas the RW was easily leaked - You're saying their production company can't keep a secret? See LOST, and tons of other shows. - But book readers already know what to expect in advance and so are looking out much more carefully for hints of the PW. Didn't watch Lost.Why split ASOS in two only to have two major events back to back with little left for season 4? - Because there's lots more that happens in ASOS, as well as the two other books whose events happen simultaneously. There's more than enough left for season 4. - But the natural arc of Tywin dying to conclude season 4 would have to be pushed earlier and Season 4 would likely end in AFFC/ADWD with plots unresolved. Why would HBO rush through the story when they're onto a winner?Why rush ahead to AFFC and ADWD material when it is generally seen as weaker and difficult to work on tv? - Seen by whom? You? Do you write for the show? Do you write for television or film for a living? - I've read AFFC/ADWD combined. It will be very difficult to adapt because of the vast number of viewpoints. ASOS is a lot easier and more dramatic and has a much higher density of pivotal moments.Why have we not seen any clips of the PW in any trailer despite having seen the RW? - Because they're not five year olds who can't keep a secret. - It's not easy to keep secrets about something this big. It's possible - but not easy.Why put Tyrion's marriage in episode 8, making it a big thing, unless if you're using it as a substitute for a major plot arc? - You're assuming it's in 8, but it could be in 7. Either way it doesn't matter. They're two different events that happen very quickly in the books. Joffrey's wedding is a bigger plot arc than Tyrion's, which is much more of a last-minute personal arc than a multi-character arc that has been planned since last season. - We were told it is in episode 8. (Unless they moved it last minute, it'll be there). They're making a big song and dance about Tyrion's marriage whereas that never happened in the books, so I think it's a substitute. PW isn't really a multi-character arc as the significant role the Tyrells play is best presented as a mystery imoWhy is the pacing in KL not more urgent than it is, given the need to fit such a major event in with the necessary foreshadowing and discussion?  - We've only had two epeisodes. Dragging it out to ep 10 is a long time. Why should there be any more "foreshadowing and discussion" when the moment (Joffrey choking) is going to be a surprise? As for "foreshadowing and discussion" did you miss the scene with Lady Olenna this week? How much more do you want? The wedding itself has been discussed every episode so far - Fair point on foreshadowing, however I think the pacing was the key point here. I don't see why they would waste so much time focusing on Tyrion's marriage if the PW were inWhy not resolve uncat now, providing a nice conclusion to Cat and Beric's stories instead of leaving them for next season and replacing it with the PW? - No one is discussing that here, and it has no bearing on the PW, at all. Of course most people would like to see it happen at the end of this season. But one has nothing to do with the other. -They are relevant because they affect the business of the final episode? If Cat gets resurrected it's definitely a season-ending worthy moment. But if PW happens, that should end the season. If both are in they will need to cram the reaction in Kings Landing to the Red wedding, the reaction of Stannis to Robb's death, the conclusion of Jon's arc at the wall, the conclusion of Arya's arc with the Hound, the taking of Yunkai with Dany being proclaimed Mhysa, the conclusion of Brans arc - probably meeting Samwell in, well, the well, and the whole Purple Wedding itself into a single episode! That's madness!gotta go...EDIT: Ok, finished. But now I really have to go. Won't be able to reply for quite a while, but I hope you understand why I strongly believe the PW won't be in.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 11:50 AM.
2032	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	Reasons why we won't get the PW this season:The RW will very likely end episode 9The PW happens 124 pages after the RW in my copy. The RW ends at page 703. Why cover 703 pages in 9 episodes at a rate of 78 pages per episode and then cover 124 pages in the final episode? That's terrible pacingOberyn and Mace Tyrell are not in Season 3Aiden Gillen says he gets a boat next seasonPeter Dinklage says this season 'breathes more deeply'PW is a major event with loads of extras but yet no one near the sets mentions it happening, whereas the RW was easily leakedWhy split ASOS in two only to have two major events back to back with little left for season 4?Why rush ahead to AFFC and ADWD material when it is generally seen as weaker and difficult to work on tv?Why have we not seen any clips of the PW in any trailer despite having seen the RW?Why put Tyrion's marriage in episode 8, making it a big thing, unless if you're using it as a substitute for a major plot arc?Why is the pacing in KL not more urgent than it is, given the need to fit such a major event in with the necessary foreshadowing and discussion?Why not resolve uncat now, providing a nice conclusion to Cat and Beric's stories instead of leaving them for next season and replacing it with the PW?And this is just from the top of my head. Can you really consider all that and still genuinely believe the PW will be in this season?Unfortunately I didn't read your previous post bashing other people's opinions but I have to say that in the end I do agree with a lot of these points. While I respect why people think it will be this season, and I enjoy this debate greatly, the positives outweigh the negatives of it happening next season. And, likewise, the negatives outweigh the positives for the PW happening this season. Many people cite that the Martells do not need to come in until next season, similar to the way the Reeds were introduced. The Reeds are beside the point. Their storyline with Bran is in no way similar to the PW story arc. They, contrary to the Martell introduction, were introduced in a bad time during aCoK, structurally speaking, because they literally were not needed considering the fact that they contributed little to when Theon took Winterfell. The Martells are a whole other story. It makes little sense that they would for no reason arrive in KL after the PW. They are not simply strolling through KL because they think it's fun. There's a reason there. Tywin (or someone) invited them out of goodwill especially after Myrcella was sold to them. To quote Cersei to Tyrion in Season 2:"You FOOL!! The Martells LOATHE us!!"This sums it up nicely. The Martells hate the Lannisters and the Red Viper even says he only showed up because he wanted justice for what the Mountain did during the KL sack. The PW is a perfect opportunity for this, but it wouldn't make sense for them to randomly show up afterwards. For what reason? To vouch for Tyrion at his trial? To jump at the chance to settle the score with Gregor Clegane, Cersei's champion? Maybe. But this would cause a whole mess of rewrite errors that I believe fans on this forum would simply find detestable rather than good, similar to the backlash which occurred in Cat's storyline after she seemingly let Jaime go prematurely and for little reason.It is in no one's best interest to have this wedding rushed in a single episode. As I've said before, episode 10 would have to be more than an hour long and focus solely on KL to have this thing even adequately covered. GRRM knew what he was doing when he wrote these books, and as time has shown us, his writing ability is GREATLY superior to that of many of the other writers for the show. Therefore I believe that having PW next season would mirror his original intent and stay true to the majesty of the books.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 10 April 2013 - 11:54 AM.
2033	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	The Martells are a whole other story. It makes little sense that they would for no reason arrive in KL after the PW. They are not simply strolling through KL because they think it's fun. There's a reason there. Tywin (or someone) invited them out of goodwill especially after Myrcella was sold to them. To quote Cersei to Tyrion in Season 2:"You FOOL!! The Martells LOATHE us!!"This sums it up nicely. The Martells hate the Lannisters and the Red Viper even says he only showed up because he wanted justice for what the Mountain did during the KL sack. The PW is a perfect opportunity for this, but it wouldn't make sense for them to randomly show up afterwards. For what reason? To vouch for Tyrion at his trial? To jump at the chance to settle the score with Gregor Clegane, Cersei's champion? Maybe. But this would cause a whole mess of rewrite errors that I believe fans on this forum would simply find detestable rather than good, similar to the backlash which occurred in Cat's storyline after she seemingly let Jaime go prematurely and for little reason.Absolutely nailed it.I'm sure the Unsullied at the TWOP forums would be perplexed as hell if the Martells arrived after the PW. It makes absolutely no sense from a story point of view. In my bullet points I emphasised the problems with not introducing Oberyn Martell from a character point of view, but I think RememberTheNorth makes an even more salient point.(ok, really gone this time)
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 12:05 PM.
2034	King Cheops	2013-04-10	Cersei blames Tyrion and Sansa for the assassination.  So why exactly does Oberyn need to be introduced before the PW?
Oberyn's purpose is to show hatred for the Lannisters and Gregor.  He can easily fill that role after the PW.  Tyrion's arc still has his interactions with Jaime, the trial and combat, and finally the murder of Tywin.  Season 4, especially if parts of AFFC/ADwD are included in it will be too rushed if a few episodes are wasted early on doing PW.  Logical end point for Tyrion's season 4 arc is him killing Tywin and Shae.  Sansa's end point is LF throwing Lysa out the Moon Door.
So if PW happens in season 4 episode 2 or 4 like people are advocating we only have 6-8 episodes to show Oberyn, the trial, the combat, and Tywin's death.  That is some MAJOR story compressed into a very short time.  Even Poor Dead Ned had 2 episodes of imprisonment before he lost his head and there was no trial or trial by combat or introduction of an entire new faction that becomes important later.
2035	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	Cersei blames Tyrion and Sansa for the assassination.  So why exactly does Oberyn need to be introduced before the PW?Dramatic tension for the viewer. Who poisoned Joffrey should initially be a mystery (that is eventually solved).So if PW happens in season 4 episode 2 or 4 like people are advocating we only have 6-8 episodes to show Oberyn, the trial, the combat, and Tywin's death.  That is some MAJOR story compressed into a very short time.  Even Poor Dead Ned had 2 episodes of imprisonment before he lost his head and there was no trial or trial by combat or introduction of an entire new faction that becomes important later.No compression at all unless you're suggesting George RR Martin made the same mistake.In my copy of ASOS it takes 703 pages to go from the beginning right up to the end of the red wedding. The murder of Tywin, however, is only 241 pages after the arrest of Tyrion. 6-8 episodes is more than enough to cover this time period. Indeed, 241 pages equates to approximately three episodes worth of time at the current rate we're going at for ASOS. In reality I bet it'll be more like 6 but there's no reason why it needs to be more.I think that people's memories of ASOS can be a little foggy. It's worth rereading just to see how close the events are. The distance between Tywin's death and Tyrion's arrest is less than twice as much as the distance between the Purple Wedding and the Red Wedding. Treating GRRM as gospel, that would make Tywin's death happen in episode 2 of Season 4, if you want the PW in season 3. And whilst pacing can and will change, what's being suggested would be a drastic change.Just to lay it out:ASOS begins -----> +703 pages -------------------------> RW ends --> +124 pages ------> Tyrion arrested ---> + 241 pages -----------> Tywin dies --> +55 pages ---> ASOS ends(Really really gone this time)
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 01:54 PM.
2036	-Ghost-	2013-04-10	So if the PW is episode 10, is Tyrion gonna sit in jail the whole season 4?
2037	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-10	Dramatic tension for the viewer. Who poisoned Joffrey should initially be a mystery (that is eventually solved).No compression at all unless you're suggesting George RR Martin made the same mistake.In my copy of ASOS it takes 703 pages to go from the beginning right up to the end of the red wedding. The murder of Tywin, however, is only 241 pages after the arrest of Tyrion. 6-8 episodes is more than enough to cover this time period. Indeed, 241 pages equates to approximately three episodes worth of time at the current rate we're going at for ASOS. In reality I bet it'll be more like 6 but there's no reason why it needs to be more.I think that people's memories of ASOS can be a little foggy. It's worth rereading just to see how close the events are. The distance between Tywin's death and Tyrion's arrest is less than twice as much as the distance between the Purple Wedding and the Red Wedding. Treating GRRM as gospel, that would make Tywin's death happen in episode 2 of Season 4, if you want the PW in season 3. And whilst pacing can and will change, what's being suggested would be a drastic change.Just to lay it out:ASOS begins --> +703 pages ------> RW ends --> +124 pages ------> Tyrion arrested ---> + 241 pages -----> Tywin dies --> +55 pages -----> ASOS ends(Really really gone this time)the book series written by GRRM & the show produced by HBO have to be different for TIME CONSTRAINTS! do you get what that means? if you end season 2 with mention of King J & Marge T getting married then mention it in the first two episodes (while showing littlefinger getting ready to steal sansa & tywin threating tyrion against bedding whores thus the Tyrion/Shae/Sansa/Tywin dynamic. after tyrion marries sansa he will get blamed for killing J at his wedding & letting sansa escape. then Varys & Jamie get him out of dungeons while he kills shae & tywin. once again not every character can be shown & not every story told. if that means your favorite people end up on the block getting the axe then boo hoo but the show has its limits& yes i said jamie. he will be ransomed to boltons in return for their part in RW
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 10 April 2013 - 02:16 PM.
2038	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	Ok, I'm calling it now: people who think the PW is in Season 3 are either stupid or ignorant.This debate has been raging on for ages but the reality became clear a good while ago. As it stands, I will happily take a bet that the PW will not occur in Season 3. If I'm wrong, I'll change my avatar to anything embarrassing that my counter-better proposes. If I'm right, we'll do the reverse.As a bonus, I'll also regularly refer to myself as both stupid and ignorant in every other post.Anyone interested in such a bet?Very interested. I don't think it is at all stupid to think the PW could be in season three. It literally happens a few chapters after the RW in the Tyrion-Sansa chronology. Forget the page number that it happens, there are Davos and Jon chapters that separate the RW and the PW. And since most think the battle of castle black will happen in season 4 (something I don't understand at all) then that discounts Jon's chapter from right after the RW, making the PW easily adaptable right after the RWMace Tyrell or Oberyn don't need to be there, at least have a cast character portray. What do they do that is important in that scene? I just reread it, they're not important.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 10 April 2013 - 02:29 PM.
2039	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	Mace Tyrell or Oberyn don't need to be there, at least have a cast character portray. What do they do that is important in that scene? I just reread it, they're not important.Their presence at the PW is crucial in the aftermath (Tyrions trial)
2040	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	Their presence at the PW is crucial in the aftermath (Tyrions trial)Then look up the word aftermathSelyse was played by an extra in S2, as was Beric Dondarrion in S1, only to become important later
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 10 April 2013 - 02:49 PM.
2041	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	Then look up the word aftermathSelyse was played by an extra in S2, as was Beric Dondarrion in S1, only to become important laterto use extras for Oberyn and Mace in EP3x10, only to re-cast them in EP4x1-2 sounds incredibly lazy and confusing for the audience. The characters you mentioned had no real significance to the story during their first appearance and most people who only watched the series probably forgot about Dondarirrions appearance in S1, while both Mace and Oberyn are central characters in westeros society so the audience will know that these two are important dudes and most likely remember what they look like.
2042	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	to use extras for Oberyn and Mace in EP3x10, only to re-cast them in EP4x1-2 sounds incredibly lazy and confusing for the audience. The characters you mentioned had no real significance to the story during their first appearance and most people who only watched the series probably forgot about Dondarirrions appearance in S1, while both Mace and Oberyn are central characters in westeros society so the audience will know that these two are important dudes and most likely remember what they look like.The extras don't really need to be shown, especially when the wine and pie scene starts to cause a commotion. that scene should rightly only  focus on Tyrion watching Joff, Marge, and Cercei.
2043	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	Very interested. I don't think it is at all stupid to think the PW could be in season three. It literally happens a few chapters after the RW in the Tyrion-Sansa chronology. Forget the page number that it happens, there are Davos and Jon chapters that separate the RW and the PW. And since most think the battle of castle black will happen in season 4 (something I don't understand at all) then that discounts Jon's chapter from right after the RW, making the PW easily adaptable right after the RWMace Tyrell or Oberyn don't need to be there, at least have a cast character portray. What do they do that is important in that scene? I just reread it, they're not important.But all the story arcs need a scene or two in the final episode. I definitely don't think the battle of castle black will happen in season 3, but I do think Jon will get back to the wall in episode 10 and have  a closing scene there. I also expect Bran to meet Samwell in episode 10 (as seen in the trailer), and we're also pretty much guaranteed to see Dany taking Yunkai with the Mhysa scene, we'll see reactions in Kings Landing to the Red Wedding, confirmation of Arya's survival and her interactions with the hound, possible Jaime/Brienne and Theon scenes and we'll see Stannis's reaction to Robb's death and his debate over killing Gendry. There simply isn't time for the Purple Wedding on top of that without doing it a great disservice. Remember, the Purple Wedding covers multiple chapters in the book.With regards to Mace and Oberyn: as has been said by me and others, the PW is the whole reason why they're there in the first place. If they don't arrive then why on earth should they arrive later? Secondly, Oberyn is a useful suspect for the audience as to who murdered Tyrion and his story is a fan favourite. Replacing Mace and Oberyn would be a clunky move serving only to confuse the audience, who will be excited to see the key players of the major households. This contrasts with both Beric and Selyse who seem unimportant at the time (indeed Selyse was barely noticeable in season 2)Initially, I was in favour of the PW in Season 3. However, I wanted the RW in episode 8 giving breathing room for the PW in episode 10. To me, not having an episodes gap between the events is simply unfeasible. Further more, over time, and with subsequent rereads, I definitely changed my views on this issue. I think that there are some excellent plot elements that happen prior to the PW and it would significantly weaken the series for these not to be included.Anyway, this is all I have to say on the matter (really really really!). Thanks for the discussion.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 03:30 PM.
2044	TheDarkOne	2013-04-10	As someone else said up stream, do they even need the PW? Joff is a great character and maybe it makes sense to make a swerve and keep him around instead.
2045	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	As someone else said up stream, do they even need the PW? Joff is a great character and maybe it makes sense to make a swerve and keep him around instead.That would make book four's chapters completely irrelevant and change too much story wise.
2046	MoAt	2013-04-10	So if the PW is episode 10, is Tyrion gonna sit in jail the whole season 4?I don't see why not. He sits in that cell for 40% of the book, and can escape in ep 7, 8, or 9. Tywin doesn't need to wait until Ep 10 to die, although I think it would be best.If the PW is in 4:2 or 4:4, are Jamie and Brienne going to wander Westeros for more than an entire season?But all the story arcs need a scene or two in the final episode. I definitely don't think the battle of castle black will happen in season 3, but I do think Jon will get back to the wall in episode 10 and have  a closing scene there. I also expect Bran to meet Samwell in episode 10 (as seen in the trailer), and we're also pretty much guaranteed to see Dany taking Yunkai with the Mhysa scene, we'll see reactions in Kings Landing to the Red Wedding, confirmation of Arya's survival and her interactions with the hound, possible Jaime/Brienne  and Theon scenes and we'll see Stannis's reaction to Robb's death and his debate over killing Gendry.No, they don't. And what you mention takes about 30 min, tops, even if all of it was included, which it doesn't need to be. Theon, Jamie/Brienne, Stannis, etc can all wait until next season. Why would you give Stannis two or three scenes to discover the events of each wedding, when it can be done in one? Just like this last ep with Bolton and his two raven scrolls.There simply isn't time for the Purple Wedding on top of that without doing it a great disservice. Remember, the Purple Wedding covers multiple chapters in the book.This is a TV series, not the book. There's a lot that is getting changed because of it. How many weddings does a TV audience need, before they become repetitive and the audience gets bored?? We already know what happens at weddings. This is a smart show for a smart audience. If they want more, they can read the books. The only thing that really needs to happen is the QoT straightening Sansa's hair. Sansa getting the hairnet (3min), and Joffrey wrecking Tyrion's gift (3min) can happen in ep 9.As big as it's going to be, I don't think they're going to make all of Ep9 the RW.With regards to Mace and Oberyn: as has been said by me and others, the PW is the whole reason why they're there in the first place.In the BOOK. So what? That doesn't mean it has to be the reason in the SHOW.Cersei blames Tyrion and Sansa for the assassination.  So why exactly does Oberyn need to be introduced before the PW?Oberyn's purpose is to show hatred for the Lannisters and Gregor.This^^.If they don't arrive then why on earth should they arrive later?Really? "If I don't need to take a bath now, why should I take a bath ever?" But honestly, they don't. At least not this season, or before the PW. They'll have the Viper, even though Bronn or Jamie could step in. They don't need Mace for a while. Lady Olenna has already told the audience what an imbecile he is, and that he's likely to go over a cliff just like his father.Secondly, Oberyn is a useful suspect for the audience as to who murdered Tyrion and his story is a fan favourite.In the BOOK. Ramsey is a fan fave too, but they changed that as well.Besides, it won't be necessary if the audience sees who poisons Joffrey in the first place. Remember, they don't do flashbacks, so I think we're going to see it happen, then watch Tyrion be falsely accused, etc...  Just like Barristan, it's not going to be a long, drawn out mystery for the audience like it was for the reader in the books.Initially, I was in favour of the PW in Season 3. However, I wanted the RW in episode 8 giving breathing room for the PW in episode 10. To me, not having an episodes gap between the events is simply unfeasible. Further more, over time, and with subsequent rereads, I definitely changed my views on this issue. I think that there are some excellent plot elements that happen prior to the PW and it would significantly weaken the series for these not to be included.It's a TV show, which relies on momentum, not a drop in the action. We're having that now at the beginning of the season.I can't say it enough - this is a TV series, not the books. If you want the books, read them again. But you're not going to get the books in the show.You may very well be right, and the PW might indeed be in season 4. But I don't see it happening for any of the reasons you mention. To me, every reason you've given is a reason to not have it next season. Just because it works that way in the book, doesn't mean it would make for good TV pacing. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2047	Dove	2013-04-10	I just don't see the PW ending this season. So far they've ended every season with a supernatural "stinger" like Dany's dragons and the white walkers, so that more than anything makes me think the last scene will be Cat's resurrection. Could be wrong though, because with the RW probably happening in episode 9 that doesn't give veiwers a lot of time to really dwell on her being dead before BAM murderzombie in the house.
2048	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	It's a TV show, which relies on momentum, not a drop in the action. We're having that now at the beginning of the season.Well if you look back at the previous seasons, the most intense things happened in episode 8 or 9 (blackwater, neds death etc) with the last episode dealing with the aftermath. This season will likely follow this formula, with RW and daenerys battle for mereen in episode 9 and episode 10 dealing with the aftermaths. the seasons usualy end with a teaser for whats to come (dannys dragons, the white walkers) and i think cats ressurection will be the final scene of this season
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 10 April 2013 - 04:31 PM.
2049	-Ghost-	2013-04-10	I don't see why not. He sits in that cell for 40% of the book, and can escape in ep 7, 8, or 9. Tywin doesn't need to wait until Ep 10 to die, although I think it would be best.[color=#222222][font=Helvetica Neue', Arial, Verdana, sans-serif][size=4][background=rgb(255, 255, 255)]If the PW is in 4:2 or 4:4, are Jamie and Brienne going to wander Westeros for more than an entire season?40% of the book? He spends 2 chapters in a cell. They can have Jaime get to KL before the PW.
2050	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	character assassination
2051	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	to use extras for Oberyn and Mace in EP3x10, only to re-cast them in EP4x1-2 sounds incredibly lazy and confusing for the audience. The characters you mentioned had no real significance to the story during their first appearance and most people who only watched the series probably forgot about Dondarirrions appearance in S1, while both Mace and Oberyn are central characters in westeros society so the audience will know that these two are important dudes and most likely remember what they look like.Amen Brother/Sister.I have thought of another reason why this PW can't happen in my own mind. The buildup to the PW and the preparations are described by Tyrion as "pompous." In other words, remember that ridiculous pie with hundreds of birds in it? Remember that ridiculous bard competition planned afterwards? These are all things that should come up in question episodes before the wedding actually occurs. There is no other way it could not. Apparently, the Sansa wedding is become more pompous by the minute, especially since it was only a secret ceremony in the books--imagine how the PW will be in comparison? The "Wedding to start the new millennium" in Westeros?? Ring any bells? My point is that if the PW is going to happen in 10, we will definitely know in a few episodes. This is not something that will knock us in the face. The absurd preparations don't have to happen, but I can't see why they wouldn't.
2052	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	Cersei blames Tyrion and Sansa for the assassination.  So why exactly does Oberyn need to be introduced before the PW?Oberyn's purpose is to show hatred for the Lannisters and Gregor.  He can easily fill that role after the PW.  Tyrion's arc still has his interactions with Jaime, the trial and combat, and finally the murder of Tywin.  Season 4, especially if parts of AFFC/ADwD are included in it will be too rushed if a few episodes are wasted early on doing PW.  Logical end point for Tyrion's season 4 arc is him killing Tywin and Shae.  Sansa's end point is LF throwing Lysa out the Moon Door.So if PW happens in season 4 episode 2 or 4 like people are advocating we only have 6-8 episodes to show Oberyn, the trial, the combat, and Tywin's death.  That is some MAJOR story compressed into a very short time.  Even Poor Dead Ned had 2 episodes of imprisonment before he lost his head and there was no trial or trial by combat or introduction of an entire new faction that becomes important later.Another point...I very highly doubt at this point that Tyrion will kill Shae, or that she will be the one to betray him. This is looking more and more like Ros at this point. TV Shae is extremely different than the Shae in the books, and to be honest Ros at this point is rivaling Varys in terms of mystery and the ambiguity of her true intentions in my opinion. It will be interesting.
2053	MoAt	2013-04-10	40% of the book?You're right. Okay - He spends 16 chapters out of 82 locked up. That's 5% of the whole book. But since ASOS is getting cut 2/3 through the book for season three per GRRM then 1/3 of the book = 27 chapters for season 4. 16 chapters is almost 75 % of season 4 if they end Tyrion's arc with him leaving Westeros. Although I detest comparing the book to the show via chapter numbers and bookology as opposed to chronology.He spends 2 chapters in a cell.Incorrect.Chapter 61: Tyrion VIII - he's arrested16 chapters happenChapter 78: Tyrion XI - he escapes4 more chapters happen before end of book.They can have Jaime get to KL before the PW.Not without changing a huge part of the plot, but it's an adaptation, so anything is possible.
2054	MoAt	2013-04-10	Amen Brother/Sister.I have thought of another reason why this PW can't happen in my own mind. The buildup to the PW and the preparations are described by Tyrion as "pompous." In other words, remember that ridiculous pie with hundreds of birds in it? Remember that ridiculous bard competition planned afterwards? These are all things that should come up in question episodes before the wedding actually occurs. There is no other way it could not. Apparently, the Sansa wedding is become more pompous by the minute, especially since it was only a secret ceremony in the books--imagine how the PW will be in comparison? The "Wedding to start the new millennium" in Westeros?? Ring any bells?My point is that if the PW is going to happen in 10, we will definitely know in a few episodes. This is not something that will knock us in the face. The absurd preparations don't have to happen, but I can't see why they wouldn't.While I love all that over-the-top prep stuff for the PW, it only takes as long as you took to type it, for a character to talk about it, and establish it as fact. They don't need to show it, nor does having it or not having it, affect the plot in any way. My non-book reader friends all already think they'll see Joffrey/Margaery wedding this season, and are thinking it will happen in the next few episodes, since it was established last season, and Cersei mentioning Margaery's wedding gown this week.How is Sansa's wedding (that hasn't been mentioned at all, and no character has even alluded to in any way) becoming "more pompous by the minute"?
2055	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	^Trailers and people who were there at the time informed us that Sansa's wedding will be a big affair.
Don't have time for full reply or anything but for anyone who wants to reference the arithmetic:
Tyrion's arrest at the Purple Wedding is 74% of the way through ASOS. i.e. it's at the 3/4 mark.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 06:12 PM.
2056	MoAt	2013-04-10	^Trailers and people who were there at the time informed us that Sansa's wedding will be a big affair.Don't have time for full reply or anything but for anyone who wants to reference the arithmetic:Tyrion's arrest at the Purple Wedding is 74% of the way through ASOS. i.e. it's at the 3/4 mark.And Cat's resurrection is at the end of ASOS, but everyone thinks it's happening this season because of Character Arc. So? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />As for the first wedding to happen being a BIG AFFAIR - all the more reason to not repeat a BIG AFFAIR (as in on screen action) for a third time. It will be talked about and referred to, but actually filming it, would make it redundant, repetitive, and boring. And also a waste of precious story-telling time, they really can't waste. Which is probably one of the many reasons (along with $$$) we didn't get the actual battle at the Fist.It's called A Game of Thrones, not A Game of Weddings.EDIT - something else I just thought of - in one of the trailers we see Joffrey and Margaery exit the Sept at Baelor to a huge cheering crowd - but we haven't heard a peep about that scene being filmed. So..... ? Clearly we don't know. Both Lady S and the PW could happen this season, or next. We just don't know.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 10 April 2013 - 06:22 PM.
2057	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	While I love all that over-the-top prep stuff for the PW, it only takes as long as you took to type it, for a character to talk about it, and establish it as fact. They don't need to show it, nor does having it or not having it, affect the plot in any way.My non-book reader friends all already think they'll see Joffrey/Margaery wedding this season, and are thinking it will happen in the next few episodes, since it was established last season, and Cersei mentioning Margaery's wedding gown this week.How is Sansa's wedding (that hasn't been mentioned at all, and no character has even alluded to in any way) becoming "more pompous by the minute"?It has been alluded to. It will be in episode 8 or possibly sooner. True, it hasn't been mentioned in the show but it is far too early at this point. Plus I think that viewers will not even know about it until the actual scene itself. This makes for a better shock on Sansa's part and is far more dramatic, at least that's how I'd write it. The wedding is getting very pompous compared to book standards. What was supposed to be a secret affair from the books now appears to be a public event held in the Sept of Baelor, at least that's what the rumors say. I don't know why the Lannisters suddenly give a shit about Sansa--maybe they are just trying to publicly humiliate her but there you go.
2058	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	And Cat's resurrection is at the end of ASOS, but everyone thinks it's happening this season because of Character Arc. So? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That alone isn't the sole reason for my belief but your example is a bad one anyway. We're not suggesting we get Catelyn's scene from the end of ASOS. We're suggesting we get the Beric Dondarrion  "kiss of life" scene with Catelyn that happens chronologically just after the Red Wedding. That resurrection scene is not in the books at all because Beric Dondarrion and Thoros of Myr are not PoV characters but it would be a great addition to the story.Furthermore, even if your example were accurate, it would not be analogous. The Purple Wedding is a key event around which multiple plot lines are centred. Uncat, however, has little influence over other plot lines in her immediate chronological vicinity.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 06:29 PM.
2059	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	I would like to comment again on the purpose that this thread was eventually started because I think there's some confusion. I do not think that the tailor scene with Joffrey was meant to be of any importance. Actually, some of the clothes that Joffrey has made are worn in the next scene with M if I'm not mistaken. I think he is just trying to impress her or something--who knows? 
The wedding gown comment by Cersei...do not brides have their gowns made months before a wedding? This means nothing. Plus, I think that this "let her use it for her wedding gown" comment was more of a cruel jape than anything, in case a lot of people didn't catch that. I think she was basically saying that "wow you don't want that piece of cloth with flowers? Let's give it to Marge because she'll take things you don't want and like it." (In other words, we're better than her). The scene was not even needed really. It simply reemphasized the point that Joffrey does not listen to her.
2060	King Cheops	2013-04-10	Amen Brother/Sister.I have thought of another reason why this PW can't happen in my own mind. The buildup to the PW and the preparations are described by Tyrion as "pompous." In other words, remember that ridiculous pie with hundreds of birds in it? Remember that ridiculous bard competition planned afterwards? These are all things that should come up in question episodes before the wedding actually occurs. There is no other way it could not. Apparently, the Sansa wedding is become more pompous by the minute, especially since it was only a secret ceremony in the books--imagine how the PW will be in comparison? The "Wedding to start the new millennium" in Westeros?? Ring any bells?My point is that if the PW is going to happen in 10, we will definitely know in a few episodes. This is not something that will knock us in the face. The absurd preparations don't have to happen, but I can't see why they wouldn't.Yes we'll have to wait and see about whether PW is in this season or not.However, lack of showing preparations is in no way an indication as to whether or not an event will happen in the TV show.  I seem to remember a hell of a lot more build up and preparation to the Battle of Blackwater Bay than they showed in the TV show.  I guess since they didn't show the Antler Men and the Chain that they really messed up by having Blackwater happen in Season 2 it totally should have randomly happened in 2x03!PS.  Note how there has been zero mention of the new century in the TV show?  Yeah...
2061	MoAt	2013-04-10	It has been alluded to. It will be in episode 8 or possibly sooner. True, it hasn't been mentioned in the show but it is far too early at this point. Plus I think that viewers will not even know about it until the actual scene itself. This makes for a better shock on Sansa's part and is far more dramatic, at least that's how I'd write it.The wedding is getting very pompous compared to book standards. What was supposed to be a secret affair from the books now appears to be a public event held in the Sept of Baelor, at least that's what the rumors say. I don't know why the Lannisters suddenly give a shit about Sansa--maybe they are just trying to publicly humiliate her but there you go.I totally agree, and hope it happens that way - that it's a shock to the viewers - we find out when Sansa does. I think it can still be a big affair, and the reason is, the Lannisters need to prove the wedding had been planned in advance. Sansa thinks she's getting married to a Tyrell (my guess is Loras on the show, no need to mention a new character for the audience to track that we never even meet anyway.) And after looking at this even more awesome TIMELINE, I think that wedding #1 might just happen sooner.The Lannisters give a shit about Winterfell and the North, and don't want it falling into the hands of the Tyrells. Sansa is the key to that.However, since Dontos is gone, Sansa will tell LF of her betrothal to Loras, because he's her SuperCrush, and she won't want to leave with LF anymore. Then LF will tell Tywin. Poor Sansa!That alone isn't the sole reason for my belief but your example is a bad one anyway. We're not suggesting we get Catelyn's scene from the end of ASOS. We're suggesting we get the Beric Dondarrion  "kiss of life" scene with Catelyn that happens chronologically just after the Red Wedding. That resurrection scene is not in the books at all because Beric Dondarrion and Thoros of Myr are not PoV characters but it would be a great addition to the story.Furthermore, even if your example were accurate, it would not be analogous. The Purple Wedding is a key event around which multiple plot lines are centred. Uncat, however, has little influence over other plot lines in her immediate chronological vicinity.You're now contradicting yourself, and to quote Show Robb, "arguing just to argue."I would like to comment again on the purpose that this thread was eventually started because I think there's some confusion. I do not think that the tailor scene with Joffrey was meant to be of any importance. Actually, some of the clothes that Joffrey has made are worn in the next scene with M if I'm not mistaken. I think he is just trying to impress her or something--who knows?The wedding gown comment by Cersei...do not brides have their gowns made months before a wedding? This means nothing. Plus, I think that this "let her use it for her wedding gown" comment was more of a cruel jape than anything, in case a lot of people didn't catch that. I think she was basically saying that "wow you don't want that piece of cloth with flowers? Let's give it to Marge because she'll take things you don't want and like it." (In other words, we're better than her). The scene was not even needed really. It simply reemphasized the point that Joffrey does not listen to her.I just jumped on HBOGO (thank you HBO!!!) and Joffrey puts on the same coat at the end of the fitting ("this is the most boring conversation...") that he's wearing for his sociopath contest/date with Margaery. The red velvet thing the tailor makes he's wearing in the scene where he screams, "Everyone is mine to torment!", which might be Sansa's wedding?Brides in 2013 Earth have their wedding gowns made/ordered months before the wedding (or for more $$$ you can rush it) because it's a huuuuuuge industry designed to take people's money, and create last-minute chaos so you'll throw money at the problem to fix it, since it's ZOMFG YOUR WEDDING!!! Lesson? Always LIE to vendors about your wedding date (when it comes to things like clothing you're buying/things you're having made that don't involve food or fresh flowers....) Tell them it's months earlier than it is, so if they screw up, THEY will fix it for free. (I used to work in the industry....)But in KL, your gown is made, and you're married in less that a week. See Sansa 2 and 3.I definitely think Cersei was slamming Margaery because she can get away with her skin-revealing fashions, "She dresses like a harlot for a reason." where Cersei really can't... due to age-appropriate fashion of the nobility in KL, (and she resents that in a BIG way.) "Should be more than enough fabric."
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 10 April 2013 - 07:05 PM.
2062	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-10	You're now contradicting yourself, and to quote Show Robb, "arguing just to argue."I'm not contradicting myself at all. And, well, in reply to Robb - he did go back on his promise to marry the Frey girl. And likewise, your use of Catelyn in your argument was wrong (and it would have been nice if you had just accepted that fact and moved on).Anyway, why do you want the PW in Season 3? If it's revenge you want I've still got faith.**if you're Robb Stark I'll be Rickard Karstark /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 07:33 PM.
2063	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-10	Of the few forums I've posted on so far this has definitely been the most...vivacious...
What I like about this topic is it is not centered around something totally ambiguous. Some of us will be proved right or wrong in episode 10 and I definitely can't wait to see who that is.The wedding will either happen or it will not. 
Good luck to all of you on both sides. We clearly aren't gonna convince each other of anything other than the fact that the PW will eventually...happen.
I just wish that scene where Marge more or less calls Cersei a bitch in the Tower after she's accused would come already. Cersei is nothing but the Queen of Throwing Shade. We'll see how much "fabric" she needs when she takes her walk of shame.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 10 April 2013 - 07:49 PM.
2064	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-10	I expected the PW to take place next season but having read that the actor wants to stop acting and pursue his academics full time, I think it might be the last thing we see. I think that might be a good place to end it since people will be down about the RW. Seeing Joffrey finally get what he deserves could lift spirits with viewers.
Ok. How weird is it to suggest someone's murder might lift spirits?
2065	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	I just realized that Margaery wears skin showing dresses because she's from Highgarden, and used to warm climates. Cercei should know that, but I suppose she needs something to criticize her on.
2066	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	FWIW every post I read has me agreeing with each side of the argument, though I will say that in one of the previews, there is a shot of Cersei watching J and M leave what I presume is Baelor's Sept, now that could be after T and S wedding, but could be otherwise, cant tell if J is wearing the same clothes as when he brings Sansa into the Sept.
2067	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	hmmmmmm, in the scene bringing Sansa in he is wearing a loosefitting cape while leaving he is wearing something more form fitting.  hmmmmmmmmmmmm 2 weddings at the Sept?????
he is CLEARLY wearing a different outfit walking in with Sansa and leaving with Margaery, no cape at all.  2 visits to the Sept???????//
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 10 April 2013 - 08:40 PM.
2068	The Wrong Tree	2013-04-10	I would just like to say that I feel it is ridiculous to use book chronology as a reference for tv chronology. For example: the TV-Reeds, who are major characters, showed up much later than they did in the books. So to say that there was x amount of time between two events in the book and use that as a valid reason for why they won't happen in the series is illogical. The show deviates quite a bit from the books.
Also, I rather feel that since Mace Tyrell is not the schemer in the Tyrell family, in both book and show, he will not be given as much precedence as people think. Especially since it's already been estabilished that QoT is the game-player in the show. Thus, his "official" appearance is unnecessary at this point.
(just for fun) I would love if they had both weddings in one episode. They show how everything is going well in both weddings, then suddenly the Tully-Frey wedding gets bloody which is then contrasted with the celebration shots of Joff and Marg. Then, after you see Cat's bloody last moments you see the celebration at KL and suddenly, as all the non-book readers are screaming at their televisions about how unfair and cruel the world is... they see Joff clawing at his neck! Boom! End of Episode!! This is what I want, but even if PW is in this season, I doubt that they'll do it my way D:
2069	King Cheops	2013-04-10	Another point...I very highly doubt at this point that Tyrion will kill Shae, or that she will be the one to betray him. This is looking more and more like Ros at this point. TV Shae is extremely different than the Shae in the books, and to be honest Ros at this point is rivaling Varys in terms of mystery and the ambiguity of her true intentions in my opinion. It will be interesting.I'm fairly interested in this theory.  Care to share how you think this may go down?  It would be an interesting twist.
2070	MoAt	2013-04-10	Anyway, why do you want the PW in Season 3?Like I and many have said repeatedly in this thread - It's Joffrey's arc, and the momentum of the season, which would be lost moving to the first half of S4: But lotun says best:Too many issues with having the PW in Season 4 (let's say episode 3):- Jaime has nothing to do from around Episode 7 Seaon 3 to Episode 3 of Season 4 in the PW- The stories of all the Tyrells and Lannisters in KL in Season 3 have no climax.- The stories of all the Tyrells and Lannisters in KL in Season 3 have no forward momentum as they enter Season 4. They have not moved forward, they are still carrying out marriage preparations, they are still in effectively the same position as they were at the end of Season 3.- The story of Tyrion and Sansa climax too soon during Season 3. If we treat their wedding as the climax of their Season 3 storyline, then it is an unsatisfactory climax, as it becomes void when the PW comes in the middle of Season 4.- The stories of ALL tyrells and Lannisters (including Tyrion, and Sansa as a Stark), have a weird plot movement in season 4. They start with no forward momentum and at the same place as at the end of Season 3 when Season 4 starts, they have a very early climax by say episode 3, they have a very rapid change of scenery in terms of their position in the plot in the middle of the season, and another climax and another rapid change at the end of the season.- Minor plot turns introduced in Season 3 are unresolved (i.e. Littlefinger tells Sansa he wants to take her away; Margaery, Joeffrey and Cercei prepare for a wedding; the Queen of Thorns and Margaery hint that they have a plot to deal with Joffrey; Jaime is on a journey to KL but hasn't yet arrived there as he can only do so after the PW). In TV you have large show wide arcs that take place throughout the seasons, and you have smaller season-wide arcs that spun an entire season (examples of season wide arcs in previous seasons: Jon Snow travels with Qhorin Halfhand until he is forced to kill him to infiltrate the wildlings; Daenerys travels to Qarth and has her dragon's stolen there; Tyrion is captured by Catelyn Stark and has to figure out how to escape and travel all the way back to King's Landing; Jaime is imprisoned by Robb and has to find a way to start his escape; Theon plots to capture Winterfell and eventually fails; Arya Stark is imprisoned in Harrengall and has to arrange her escape). All the season wide arcs listed here have proper and neat beginnings, build-ups, climaxes, and ends, that span an entire season. You can't start a minor arc at the start of a season, leave it hanging mid-way by the end of the season, tell the audience to wait and remember everything that happened for a year, and then end that arc a third of the way into the next season. That's bad storytelling, and it leaves the audience unfulfilled. The show can't introduce Joff's wedding, Sansa's escape attempt, Marg's and the QOT's plots, and then tells the audience 'Well we've been hinting at all these things for a season, but we'll just leave them hanging, try and remember what happened for a year and check back next season where we'll close these arcs quickly in the first three episodes of the new season, and introduce you to new story arcs". Instead if the PW closes all these story arcs, it creates new story arcs that start neatly at the start of season 4 (Tyrion is imprisoned, and must face a trial and plan his escape; Jaime arrives in King's Landing and must decide between his sister and his brother; Oberyn arrives in King's Landing to renew Dorne's fealty to the crown, and must plot his revenge against the mountain and Tywin; Cercei and Margaery must fight for Tommen's affections; Sansa arrives in the Vale and must handle her aunt and Littlefinger).- The PW loses its impact if its not paired with the RW. Pairing the two together at the same time or very near to each other, creates a theme and allows the viewer to contrast the two. Separating them by a year, and having them some 5 episodes apart will actually make the TV-only viewer feel that the show is getting unimaginative: the TV-only viewer will start thinking "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"There are more than enough big events to fit into Season 4. TWO big battles (Meereen and the wall). One cool new character with a fully fleshed out story arc (Oberyn). A big trial by combat scene. The meeting of two of the major characters in the series (Jon and Stannis). A very emotional murder scene (Tyrion and Shae/Tywin). A road adventure with Arya and the Hound. Possibly the conclusion of Bran's storyline, assuming they push it forward from DwD. That's MORE than enough material for a season!!!I agree with this.*if you're Robb Stark I'll be Rickard Karstark /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I was quoting Robb. I'm not Robb. I'm Tyene Sand. Or Janna Tyrell.I would just like to say that I feel it is ridiculous to use book chronology as a reference for tv chronology. For example: the TV-Reeds, who are major characters, showed up much later than they did in the books. So to say that there was x amount of time between two events in the book and use that as a valid reason for why they won't happen in the series is illogical. The show deviates quite a bit from the books.Also, I rather feel that since Mace Tyrell is not the schemer in the Tyrell family, in both book and show, he will not be given as much precedence as people think. Especially since it's already been estabilished that QoT is the game-player in the show. Thus, his "official" appearance is unnecessary at this point.(just for fun) I would love if they had both weddings in one episode. They show how everything is going well in both weddings, then suddenly the Tully-Frey wedding gets bloody which is then contrasted with the celebration shots of Joff and Marg. Then, after you see Cat's bloody last moments you see the celebration at KL and suddenly, as all the non-book readers are screaming at their televisions about how unfair and cruel the world is... they see Joff clawing at his neck! Boom! End of Episode!! This is what I want, but even if PW is in this season, I doubt that they'll do it my way D:While it would make for some amazing television, we'd lose two things that need to happen in the interim:1. We learn Tywin's involvement in the RW.2. Tyrion tells Sansa about it.If they happen at the same time, we lose that. Otherwise, it would be pretty amazing.EDIT - No real reason we can't find all that out after the PW.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 10 April 2013 - 10:44 PM.
2071	The Wrong Tree	2013-04-10	Like I and many have said repeatedly in this thread - It's Joffrey's arc, and the momentum of the season, which would be lost moving to the first half of S4: But lotun says best:I agree with this.I was quoting Robb. I'm not Robb. I'm Tyene Sand. Or Janna Tyrell.While it would make for some amazing television, we'd lose two things that need to happen in the interim:1. We learn Tywin's involvement in the RW.2. Tyrion tells Sansa about it.If they happen at the same time, we lose that. Otherwise, it would be pretty amazing.EDIT - No real reason we can't find all that out after the PW.Why does Tyrion have to be the one to tell Sansa about it? I know that it would greatly develop both characters and shape them closer to their book versions, but is it absolutely necessary for it to be Tyrion? But I agree that we have to find out about Tywin winning wars with ravens (I love that line: some wars are won with swords others with quills and ravens)
2072	MoAt	2013-04-11	Why does Tyrion have to be the one to tell Sansa about it? I know that it would greatly develop both characters and shape them closer to their book versions, but is it absolutely necessary for it to be Tyrion? But I agree that we have to find out about Tywin winning wars with ravens (I love that line: some wars are won with swords others with quills and ravens)You're right. LF could tell her.... on the boat. Or......?
2073	TheDarkOne	2013-04-11	Does it really make sense to have Tyrion and Sansa wedding, then the RW, then the PW all in the scope of 4 or so episodes?
2074	Iotun	2013-04-11	Does it really make sense to have Tyrion and Sansa wedding, then the RW, then the PW all in the scope of 4 or so episodes?Yes. It gives a theme to the season. We had 3 weddings one after the other in the books and it worked. Since we HAVE to have 3 weddings, it makes sense to thematically group them together. Seperating the 2nd and 3rd wedding by a year will instead seem sloppy to viewers. As I said before: "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"
2075	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-11	Yes. It gives a theme to the season. We had 3 weddings one after the other in the books and it worked. Since we HAVE to have 3 weddings, it makes sense to thematically group them together. Seperating the 2nd and 3rd wedding by a year will instead seem sloppy to viewers. As I said before: "A death at a wedding AGAIN? Can't the show think of something new, we've seen the same thing last year, are we expected to be surprised again?"Isn't thematic grouping of plot-lines in a season usually less heavy-handed than putting 3 of the same event, 2 with deaths in them based on the betrayal by the bride's family, right next to each other. That's about as unsubtle as any example I can think of in any season of any show I've watched
2076	Iotun	2013-04-11	Isn't thematic grouping of plot-lines in a season usually less heavy-handed than putting 3 of the same event, 2 with deaths in them based on the betrayal by the bride's family, right next to each other. That's about as unsubtle as any example I can think of in any season of any show I've watchedBut that's a complain for the book writer, not the show runner. George wrote 3 weddings in the same book, and if you are like most readers, you've probably read through all 3 events in the span of a couple of days.The complain that there are too many weddings is really a complain about the plot of the book. Whether we like it or not, there are '3 of the same event, 2 with deaths in them based on the betrayal by the bride's family' (by the way, its unlikely that in the TV show Robb's death will involve Talisa's family, so that will be less monotonous) and we have to go through them. Even if the thematic grouping is heavy-handed, that's the source material we have to deal with, so we might as well keep it heavy handed. If you push the 3rd wedding to the next season that doesn't eliminate the fact that you have yet another wedding, and another death in it, but instead of at least having some thematic wrapping of the events, TV viewers will just think the show is running out of ideas and recycling itself from season to season.
2077	Brewmaster	2013-04-11	The entire Kings Landing plot and Jamie Lannister's plot seems rushed. He's already captured?? Come on... He's not supposed to get to KL until AFTER the PWJaime gets captured and de-handed early in the book too. And that's with none of his road trip shown in the second book, unlike here where they showed some last season.Jaime and Brienne spend quite a bit of book time at Harrenhall. He has a long ways to go to King's landing. He still needs to be chopped. Then patched up by Qyburn. Spends some time as a prisoner with Brienne. Talks with Roose. Then he's sent on his way, but Brienne remains a prisoner. Then he comes back for her.Jaime still has a lot to do before he's even on the road to King's Landing.
2078	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-11	I'm fairly interested in this theory.  Care to share how you think this may go down?  It would be an interesting twist.A lot of people I've talked to have read the books and watch the show generally agree that the "two Shaes" are very different. TV Shae is much kinder and more sympathetic that book one, in fact, if I'm not mistaken book Shae was generally not so much in the forefront and remained behind the scenes for much of the time. However, the HBO adaptation  has included a lot of extra material (such as Shae being Sansa's handmaiden, a deviation from the books?--I may be wrong on that point, don't quote me on it--haven't read SoS in a while). However, the fact that Shae cares so very much about Sansa is interesting in a lot of ways. Book Shae would have never shown such devotion, and, while GRRM likes to throw everything we hold for granted out the window, I don't think they would destroy the character arc that this character has been built up to by betraying Tyrion. The dock scene in the premiere was interesting as well. Clearly, Ros and Shae hold some sort of unseen rivalry that has not been fully realized yet (Why does Shae press Tyrion so when asking how many times he had sex with her? Why does she care so much if it was in the past and he says he's over her?) Another point--if Shae is so caring for Sansa that she would threaten to kill another maid before she told Cersei that Sansa had gotten her period, this gives Shae many honorable qualities in my eyes, although this could mean nothing at all. The reason as to why Ros is in the adaption is a question no one can really answer yet. At first several people I know who watched GOT called her the "Miscellaneous whore" filing the places of many book whores. The season finale scene with Varys is unexplainable in a lot of ways as well--does he really want to simply know more about Littlefinger? Or is there an underlying motive there? Ros to me is appearing more sketchy by the minute, and is almost emulating Varys' mysterious behavior to some degree. We do not know her true motives just as we don't know Varys or Littlefinger's. To be honest, I do not know yet how her part in Tyrion's downfall will unfold, because there is nothing in the books to reference besides the placement of book Shae. I just have this feeling that it's going to happen somehow. Varys, as we may know, is in all likelihood a Targaryen loyalist who would see anything to help Dany's return to the throne. Perhaps he has a part to play in Tyrion becoming a pariah in KL and moving on to meet up with Dany. I don't know. But what I do know is that Ros has much looser standards than other characters in the story. She is a  whore, after all, although not with a heart of gold as Shae has. However, this creates another problem. What about the bed scene with Tywin? I do find it unlikely he would out of the blue sleep with Ros and that's how Tyrion kills her. This is messy and makes no sense at all to the viewers. I also found it painfully unrealistic in the books, although dramatic nonetheless. What would be entertaining is to have Ros payed by Cersei or whoever to lie at the trial (actually she wouldn't even have to "lie," she has slept with Tyrion on more than one occasion), thus pushing forth the conviction of Tyrion, thus causing Shae to murder Ros out of complete revenge and hatred for what she did. Simply because Tyrion kills his father in a bedchamber does not mean that Ros has to be there as well. I know this theory is totally insane but this is the only way I can rationalize in my mind Ros' place in the story. Besides, I have heard even more farfetched rumors (such as LF for no reason murdering Ros??) that totally discredits my theory. No one really knows what will happen though. It's too far off to say.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 11 April 2013 - 12:39 PM.
2079	SerMixalot	2013-04-11	I can see Ros taking Dontos's part and LF killing her and right before refering to her spying on him for Varys.
The problem with that scenario is that if Ros helps LF help Sansa escape than presumably Varys will know where she went to, which may cause problems down the road.  I dont think Book Varys knows where Sansa is and that my impact his future plans.
2080	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	I can see Ros taking Dontos's part and LF killing her and right before refering to her spying on him for Varys.The problem with that scenario is that if Ros helps LF help Sansa escape than presumably Varys will know where she went to, which may cause problems down the road.  I dont think Book Varys knows where Sansa is and that my impact his future plans.Ditto.I can see possibility in both the PW Season 3 and in the PW Season 4 scenarios, but my thinking is that PW will not be until Season 4.  I think that having the PW so close to the RW would dilute each of them to some extent.  I also think that after the RW we need time to show Catelyn showing up undead, tying in with the BWB thread running throughout Season 3 so that Season 4 can show the development of Brienne's showing up to be 'judged' by unCat.  In order for this to happen, there needs to be post-RW time for Arya and The Hound to encounter BWB so that Hound can battle Beric before unCat becomes a reality.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 11 April 2013 - 02:05 PM.
2081	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	Pehaps we get both weddings this season (I doubt it, though it would be interesting tematically), with PW being the last episode and Tyrion's arrest a cliffhanger. Then the next season is centered around Tyrion's trial, etc.Well actually it will be three weddings if we get them all this season, not just two, since we'll also be getting Tyrion/Sansa - this episode in particular seemed to be foreshaddowing that a lot. I really do hope we get all three weddings (especially if we get the leaches scene it will be nice to see all the kings die in the same season), and that S4 focuses on Tyrion's trial/escape and all that fun.  With that said I'm not holding my breath that we'll get to the PW as much as I think ending the season on Tryion's arrest will be a good thing, I won't be surprised if they save that for the second or even third (though that would be pushing it) episode in Season 4.
2082	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	I'm not saying the PW this season is impossible I'm just saying it would be extremely illogical. In fact, the entire reason that the Martells are showing up in the first place was an act of goodwill by Tywin (if I remember correctly) hoping to mend relations after the Mountain raped that one girl that Oberyn will eventually kill him over in the combat scene (sorry--I don't remember her name right now, it's been a long time since I read the books). Anyway, it should be realized that they are not just strolling into King's Landing for no reason. Getting to the wedding is the only reason they'd show up. ThereforeI think  it will be next season. Not saying that's set in stone but it's just my personal opinion and what I would do if I were a writer.No it isn't, getting to the wedding is actually an afterthought.  They show up because Oberyn is going to take the seat on the small council that was part of the whole Myrcella deal with Dorne.  So it would be very easy to have the Martells show up next season and have Oberyn go find Tyrion in a cell out of curiosity (mirroring what they did as kids when he went to Casterly Rock) to get them to bond.
2083	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	With regards to Mace and Oberyn: as has been said by me and others, the PW is the whole reason why they're there in the first place.No it is not, and for someone clinging to page numbers in SOS you really should know the material better.  Oberyn is not coming to KL for the wedding, that is just an added benefit. Oberyn is coming to KL to fill the small council seat given to Dorne as part of the Myrcella deal that Tyrion brokered in COK.
2084	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	Ok. How weird is it to suggest someone's murder might lift spirits?I know right...but I think that is just the effect that entering the ASOIF universe has.  After all before ADWD I never thought I'd be cheering on canibalism but I wanted to hug Manderly for his Ode to The Rat Cook.
2085	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	I can see Ros taking Dontos's part and LF killing her and right before refering to her spying on him for Varys.The problem with that scenario is that if Ros helps LF help Sansa escape than presumably Varys will know where she went to, which may cause problems down the road.  I dont think Book Varys knows where Sansa is and that my impact his future plans.I agree about the differences with book Shae and TV Shae, and agree with those who don't think tyrion will kill her nor will she betray him quite the same way as in the books.  I do think Shae is doomed but I'm not as convinced that they will make it at Tyrion's hand (in fact given that he's still going to be killing his father I'm almost certain he won't be killing Shae - as killing book Shae cost him a lot of fans and TV Shae is a much better person).   However I picked this quote because I think Ros might be filling not Dontos' role (though she might help with Sansa's escape) but that she will be filling Jayne Poole's role and being sent north as the fake-Arya.   I think she will be sent as punishment for Littlefinger finding out she is a spy and because, as she noted in this week's episode, she grew up in the shadow of Winterfell AND has a prior relationship with Theon.  Sure she looks NOTHING like Arya (though they could always dye her hair ala Sansa in the Vale) and is obviously older but as I never got the impression that the Northern lords in the castle (as opposed to those with Stannis) really believed the set-up but were going along with it because it suited their purposes.
2086	Brewmaster	2013-04-11	I agree about the differences with book Shae and TV Shae, and agree with those who don't think tyrion will kill her nor will she betray him quite the same way as in the books.  I do think Shae is doomed but I'm not as convinced that they will make it at Tyrion's hand (in fact given that he's still going to be killing his father I'm almost certain he won't be killing Shae - as killing book Shae cost him a lot of fans and TV Shae is a much better person).   However I picked this quote because I think Ros might be filling not Dontos' role (though she might help with Sansa's escape) but that she will be filling Jayne Poole's role and being sent north as the fake-Arya.   I think she will be sent as punishment for Littlefinger finding out she is a spy and because, as she noted in this week's episode, she grew up in the shadow of Winterfell AND has a prior relationship with Theon.  Sure she looks NOTHING like Arya (though they could always dye her hair ala Sansa in the Vale) and is obviously older but as I never got the impression that the Northern lords in the castle (as opposed to those with Stannis) really believed the set-up but were going along with it because it suited their purposes.I don't see Ros being fake-Arya. Looks aside, the Northerners know Arya's age and Ros doesn't even begin to approach the ballpark. Fake Arya will be someone else, assuming they keep that plot point. I could see a slight possibility (very slight) that they switch things up a bit and send Ros off as fake Sansa (at least she's a redhead). Depending on how much of that plotline they keep they may need the actress to do some nude & sexual scenes, which they wouldn't want to do with someone Arya's age anyway.Of course, that is complicated by Sansa's marriage to Tyrion, but with Tyrion tried for murder & Sansa missing, it's possible that they rearrange the plot to have her marriage dissolved and set up with the Boltons instead of Arya. My guess is just someone else for fake-Arya. Not even necessarily Jeyne Poole or anyone we know.
2087	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	I don't see Ros being fake-Arya. Looks aside, the Northerners know Arya's age and Ros doesn't even begin to approach the ballpark. Fake Arya will be someone else, assuming they keep that plot point. I could see a slight possibility (very slight) that they switch things up a bit and send Ros off as fake Sansa (at least she's a redhead). Depending on how much of that plotline they keep they may need the actress to do some nude & sexual scenes, which they wouldn't want to do with someone Arya's age anyway.Of course, that is complicated by Sansa's marriage to Tyrion, but with Tyrion tried for murder & Sansa missing, it's possible that they rearrange the plot to have her marriage dissolved and set up with the Boltons instead of Arya. My guess is just someone else for fake-Arya. Not even necessarily Jeyne Poole or anyone we know.I don't see them dropping the plot point because it is more than just a plot point, it is the whole reason all the mountain clans decided to support Stannis ("to rescue the Ned's little girl") and the only way the Boltons can lay claim to Winterfell. Though it is possible that they go with a fake-Sansa instead of a fake-Arya (and Ros would certainly be suited to play her a bit better than Arya), I think they will keep it as Arya because Littlefinger (who helps out tremendously in the whole fake-Arya plot) has his own plans for Sansa that don't include her whereabouts being known. Though it is totally possible they can cast a presently unknown character for said fake-Arya role, I started thinking it would be Ros basically for three reasons - 1) even with her being Varys' spy, that made up role will end when Varys goes underground after the end of the SOS material, so they will need another reason to keep her around (if they want to and my impression is that the TV viewers aren't as put off by her as the book readers); 2) Her mentioning that she grew up in the shadow of Winterfell gives her a bit of northern knowledge that would make up for the fake-Arya (whomever she is) not being Jayne Poole; and 3) She and Theon have a history, so there would be something for the two characters to work with in place of the "grew up with Jayne" connection that she and Theon have in the book. I don't think the believability of fake-Arya is ever really an issue for those involved because they just don't care in the books, nor do I think they will care in the show. And finally given Littlefinger's threats to Ros last year after Barra was killed (how he sold the other girl who wouldn't smile to someone who abused her horribly), it would be a fitting punishment (in his eyes) for Ros should he discover that she's Varys' spy.
2088	Lord Varys	2013-04-11	They could very easily just introduce a fake Arya. Just make it a mystery who this girl is, and then gradually reveal that she is a childhood friend of Sansa and Arya, and also acquainted to Theon. So we could see both see the mystery of 'Arya' unfold while Theon regains his humanity.
Pretty much nothing of ADwD's story in the North would make sense if there was no fake Arya/if the fake Arya was not Jeyne Poole.
2089	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	On the show Ros was a whore from right outside of Winterfell. I imagine many people know who she is up there. I really don't see a believable way to replace Jeyne with Ros. The age difference is huge, even for Sansa. At least with Jeyne she lived inside the castle and was always seen there and not by the brothel in town.
2090	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	On the show Ros was a whore from right outside of Winterfell. I imagine many people know who she is up there. I really don't see a believable way to replace Jeyne with Ros. The age difference is huge, even for Sansa. At least with Jeyne she lived inside the castle and was always seen there and not by the brothel in town.The town is gone and everyone in the castle put to the sword...who exactly would be there to contradict Bolton (I don't believe the Lords would care as they all seem to be putting on a mummer's show accepting fake Arya in the book)? All the servents are brought in by others attending fake Arya's wedding. And yes while they totally could introduce a new character and create a backstory for her, given the size of the cast and the fact that they created Ros to begin with, I'm working with the possibility that they are going to keep her around for more than just the KL story.
2091	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	The town is gone and everyone in the castle put to the sword...who exactly would be there to contradict Bolton (I don't believe the Lords would care as they all seem to be putting on a mummer's show accepting fake Arya in the book)? All the servents are brought in by others attending fake Arya's wedding. And yes while they totally could introduce a new character and create a backstory for her, given the size of the cast and the fact that they created Ros to begin with, I'm working with the possibility that they are going to keep her around for more than just the KL story.Any of the Lords and their men that Bolton has with him that have been to Winterfell before. I'm sure they visited the brothel. The people living in the winter town where the brothel is weren't killed either, they may be some of the servents, Roose lets Mance and his spear wives in to work. I don't think the Lords care because Jeyne is actually kind of believable. They may not know for sure but at least she is around the age and same color hair and would have been seen inside Winterfell. I can't see how they would believe a full grown women being "the Ned's little girl." If I'm watching the show and I see them bring in a fake Arya that actually resembles her and see that the Northern Lords are believing that this girl is Arya, I would be like, ok I can see why they might believe. I just can't see that working with Ros.
2092	MoAt	2013-04-11	No it is not, and for someone clinging to page numbers in SOS you really should know the material better.  Oberyn is not coming to KL for the wedding, that is just an added benefit. Oberyn is coming to KL to fill the small council seat given to Dorne as part of the Myrcella deal that Tyrion brokered in COK. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2093	MoAt	2013-04-11	As for Ros as Fake Arya - I can't see it for several reasons:She's older than Sansa, and likely older than Robb and Jon. No way she's Ned's "little" girl.90% of the men in the North who are still alive probably know Ros.I think if Talisa doesn't suddenly replace Roose in the turncloak dept at the RW, and actually survives, she's got a better chance of being passed off as Fake Arya if they don't recast/bring back Jeyne for the Theon-factor.
2094	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	As for Ros as Fake Arya - I can't see it for several reasons:She's older than Sansa, and likely older than Robb and Jon. No way she's Ned's "little" girl.90% of the men in the North who are still alive probably know Ros.I think if Talisa doesn't suddenly replace Roose in the turncloak dept at the RW, and actually survives, she's got a better chance of being passed off as Fake Arya if they don't recast/bring back Jeyne for the Theon-factor.Oh I know there are reasons why it might not work and you've outlined them well, my thought is basically coming from the belief that they aren't going to kill Ros off after the SOS material ends, and her role as Varys spy would necessarily have to end after that point because he is underground, so the question then becomes what are they going to do with her?  I don't see her being a spy as something that will not come back and bite her in the ass, so given Littlefinger's involvement in the fake-Arya plot, I could see fake-arya as being a two-for-one deal with him in that he gets his revenge for her betrayal in addition to helping out Tywin.  Her age strikes me as the biggest issue though not an insurmountable one depending on how she is dressed and the attitude she puts foward (as I don't think she's THAT much older than Sansa), and the hair is totally a non-issue as they clearly have a form of hair dye in Westeros that is used on Sansa.  As for her being remembered I'm not sure how much a Lord remembers a random whore he may have been with once or twice a couple years earlier, but again if they don't it wouldn't be surprising because she's supposed to be common and therefore unmemorable in the eyes of the nobility.  It is also worth noting that the "Ned's little girl" hook really only comes into play for people who have yet to see her, it is used by Stannis to get the clans to follow him, but none of them as of the end of ADWD have laid eyes on said girl so what she looks like doesn't matter.  It only matters to the lords in attendance and I don't think any of them really care if she is the real Arya or is even a good attempt at a fake one.I actually find both of the Talisa speculations (that she will betray Robb and that she will be the Fake-Arya) to be more outlandish and unlikely.  1) I do not think for a moment they will replace Roose as the one to betray Robb, it is too important to the later developments of the story and that is just based on where we've gotten to. I'm pretty convinced that if the details of who stabbed Robb have not yet reached the North, they will at some point.  2) You aren't going to get Jon or the Mountain Clans to rally for the woman who was a big reason Robb got killed, there is no way she would have the same pull as a child of Winterfell.  You might if she were pregnant but there is no way she would stay pregnant if she was in Bolton custody and they were trying to claim Winterfell.However this is getting wildly off topic it occurs to me so perhaps we should bring this to the Ros/Littlefinger/Varys thread that I swear I saw just before I clicked back in here if we want to continue.So for something on topic: The topic of Joffrey's wedding has been so front and center I'm starting to swing back to the possibility of it being in this season.  I've always wanted it in the same season as the RW but became convinced a while back that it would instead be early in Season 4, but that was before the shows started airing and everyone was talking about the wedding.  Now I wouldn't be surprised if it makes it into E10 in some fashion.
					
					
							Edited by Sasha Steelsong, 11 April 2013 - 07:17 PM.
2095	Eidolon	2013-04-11	Here<U+0080><U+0099>s a photo comparison from the season 3 trailer that may shed light (or maybe not, I'm not certain yet):http://postimg.org/image/lmj5ngnl1/
On the left <U+0080><U+0093> Joffrey is wearing his crown, flowing robes or a large cape, and a nice shoulder sash, walking Sansa down the aisle to give her away at her wedding.  Joffrey's clothing is light colored.
On the right <U+0080><U+0093> Joffrey is wearing a form-fitting tunic with no cape, no shoulder sash, and no crown, walking out of the wedding chapel with Margaery...his new bride?  Joffrey's clothing appears much darker, though perhaps that is the lighting (although the lightness of Margaery's clothing is still quite visible).
2096	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-11	Here<U+0080><U+0099>s a photo comparison from the season 3 trailer that may shed light (or maybe not, I'm not certain yet):http://postimg.org/image/lmj5ngnl1/On the left <U+0080><U+0093> Joffrey is wearing his crown, flowing robes or a large cape, and a nice shoulder sash, walking Sansa down the aisle to give her away at her wedding.  Joffrey's clothing is light colored.On the right <U+0080><U+0093> Joffrey is wearing a form-fitting tunic with no cape, no shoulder sash, and no crown, walking out of the wedding chapel with Margaery...his new bride?  Joffrey's clothing appears much darker, though perhaps that is the lighting (although the lightness of Margaery's clothing is still quite visible).Thank you for the comparison.  It is hard to tell from the back but aren't Margaery and Joffrey wearing crowns? Their heads look sort of "flat" at the top for lack of a better word, though that could be the hairsyles or the angle of the shot I suppose.
2097	Eidolon	2013-04-11	Thank you for the comparison.  It is hard to tell from the back but aren't Margaery and Joffrey wearing crowns? Their heads look sort of "flat" at the top for lack of a better word, though that could be the hairsyles or the angle of the shot I suppose.You may be right...I can't tell if Joffrey is, but if Margaery is already wearing a crown, I'd actually take that as evidence that the wedding has already happened (and she is now queen).
2098	LordStoneheart	2013-04-11	I won't be convinced the PW can't fit into this season without ruining the depths of it. Even if they don't put it in, I'll still beleive they had the time and pacing. I do somewhat like the thought that the RW and PW will happen in the same episode, either simultaneously or the former first and the latter at the end.
2099	SerMixalot	2013-04-11	Which raises a number of questions for me.
1. Presumably Joffrey is bringing Sansa to her wedding, and she is not wearing a Stark cloak (not even the Stark colors), so perhaps there wont be the embarrassing of Tyrion at the wedding.
2. Did Robb and Talisa exchange cloaks at their wedding?
3. In the 2nd picture of Margary and Joffrey, neither is wearing a cloak.
SO it appears cloaks are not part of TV weddings so Sansa will have to embarrass Tyrion in some other way?
2100	MoAt	2013-04-11	Which raises a number of questions for me.1. Presumably Joffrey is bringing Sansa to her wedding, and she is not wearing a Stark cloak (not even the Stark colors), so perhaps there wont be the embarrassing of Tyrion at the wedding.2. Did Robb and Talisa exchange cloaks at their wedding?3. In the 2nd picture of Margary and Joffrey, neither is wearing a cloak.SO it appears cloaks are not part of TV weddings so Sansa will have to embarrass Tyrion in some other way?No cloaks.Not bending down to kiss him?
2101	Sun	2013-04-12	According to Spoiler TV episode synopses leaked today:
	Spoiler  Tyrion&Sansa's wedding happens in episode 8Episode 3.08 <U+0080><U+0093> Second SonsKing<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.) 
Based on that, I really can't see how PW can possibly be in S3.
2102	MoAt	2013-04-12	According to Spoiler TV episode synopses leaked today:
	Spoiler  Tyrion&Sansa's wedding happens in episode 8Episode 3.08 <U+0080><U+0093> Second SonsKing<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.) 
Based on that, I really can't see how PW can possibly be in S3.Based on the vague TV synopsis of an episode two-away from the end of the season??
2103	Sun	2013-04-12	Based on the vague TV synopsis of an episode two-away from the end of the season??Well, yes. Unless ofcourse you think the show is going to put 3 weddings in 3 consecutive episodes. I don't.
2104	LordStoneheart	2013-04-12	Wait wait wait... I just went on spoiler tv... I have a bad feeling... or maybe its a good one... Please be up to date on your acronyms before pressing that spoiler review. And have finished book three.
	Spoiler Ep 6&7 synopsis clearly suggest the GW. Ep 8... that doesn't sound like the GW to me. It sounds like the PW. But the title of Ep 9 has all the buzz...I could be wrong, and I think I hope so, but is it possible they're doing the PW and then the RW?Let's assume they are... Why, and how will that affect Sansa's story? She was 'consoled' by a lot of people at the PW who knew about the RW, and after Joff bites the big pie, she immediately escapes.I'm hoping the PW is before the RW just because I want to see it so bad... But the chronology is important.
Thoughts?
2105	Iotun	2013-04-12	I don't think they'll do the PW before the RW because it kind of kills the emotional ride I think. The PW gives you a ray of hope after the RW massacre. If they do the PW before the RW, its almost like punishing the viewers for cheering for Joffrey's death.Eh, I guess they could do it. It would be an interesting subversion of the story wouldn't it?Another interesting suggestion is they could have the actual wedding part of the PW in Episode 8, and the feast in Episode 9 or 10. But I think the synopsis for Episode 8 talks about Sansa's wedding, otherwise it would be 'King's Landing hosts another wedding'.Another suggestion. They could have a joint wedding for the Lannister's in Episode 8, have the scene where Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together in the same episode, and explain that the 'feast' for the king's wedding will take place the next day, and have it in Episode 9 together with the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 12 April 2013 - 05:11 AM.
2106	Lord Varys	2013-04-12	The Purple Wedding won't be in this season. Get over it.
Also, the Purple Wedding has nothing to do with payback on Joffrey or revenge against the Lannisters. He has nothing to do with it, after all, nor do the Starks. Littlefinger and the Tyrells are murdering for their own selfish reasons, that's all.
2107	Iotun	2013-04-12	I'll be enjoying this so much when the PW airs at the end of the season...
2108	SerMixalot	2013-04-12	Joffrey is seen bringin Sansa to her wedding so Unles it is a Weekend at Bernie's thing I doubt PW is before RW
2109	Sun	2013-04-12	I'll be enjoying this so much when the PW airs at the end of the season...Just as long as you don't feel bad when it doesn't. /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
2110	Conchobar	2013-04-12	Wait wait wait... I just went on spoiler tv... I have a bad feeling... or maybe its a good one... Please be up to date on your acronyms before pressing that spoiler review. And have finished book three.
	Spoiler Ep 6&7 synopsis clearly suggest the GW. Ep 8... that doesn't sound like the GW to me. It sounds like the PW. But the title of Ep 9 has all the buzz...I could be wrong, and I think I hope so, but is it possible they're doing the PW and then the RW?Let's assume they are... Why, and how will that affect Sansa's story? She was 'consoled' by a lot of people at the PW who knew about the RW, and after Joff bites the big pie, she immediately escapes.I'm hoping the PW is before the RW just because I want to see it so bad... But the chronology is important.
Thoughts?Elio has already confirmed the PW isn't happening this season. From what I have heard.I'll be enjoying this so much when the PW airs at the end of the season...Well then you will be disappointed, because it isn't going to happen.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 12 April 2013 - 07:39 AM.
2111	Eidolon	2013-04-12	Looking at a closeup of Margaery as she and Joffrey leave the wedding chapel in the trailer, I'm reasonably sure she's wearing a crown (wish they had the trailer up in 1080p so that we could get a clearer picture).[img]http://s8.postimg.or...61h/pwcrown.png[/img]
					
					
							Edited by Eidolon, 12 April 2013 - 08:51 AM.
2112	Sun	2013-04-12	Looking at a closeup of Margaery as she and Joffrey leave the wedding chapel in the trailer, I'm reasonably sure she's wearing a crown (wish they had the trailer up in 1080p so that we could get a clearer picture).[img]http://s8.postimg.or...wcrown.png[/img]I think what you're seeing in the trailer is Margaery from this scene http://images6.fanpo...575-896-504.jpgThe dress is defo the same, and so it seems is the hair.ETA:Does anyone have any idea which vid this gif was taken from? http://images6.fanpo...228-245-150.gif
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 12 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
2113	Eidolon	2013-04-12	King's Landing chapters from Tyrion/Sansa to the PW at end of Season 3 (this seems very doable pacing-wise):
Sansa III:  Tyrion and Sansa's big day.  Looks to be Episode 8.
Tyrion IV:  Tywin and Tyrion meet to discuss the Night's Watch, the Valyrian swords, and some marriage proposals.  Episode 8 or 9, but could be earlier with minor adjustments.
Tyrion VI:  Lannisters celebrate RW, Joffrey snaps at Tywin.  Could be end of Episode 9 or beginning of Episode 10.
Tyrion VII-VIII/Sansa IV - Day of the PW, and End of Season for King's Landing.  Episode 10.
Assuming that the Martell entourage isn't arriving in time for the wedding, there's no Tyrion V.
2114	MoAt	2013-04-12	Who is Elio, and do they work on the show or for HBO? If not, then how can they confirm anything?Margaery is wearing a crown in this photo - it's not her hair that's making the top of her head square.That gif is from the one of the on set/behind the scenes of season 3 vid on HBO.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 12 April 2013 - 11:31 AM.
2115	Eidolon	2013-04-12	Margaery is wearing a crown in this photo - it's not her hair that's making the top of her head square.Looking at the set photo of Margaery at dinner...for the closeup on the left, it's possible that it may just be her hairstyle, I can't really tell.  In the closeup on the right, I think I see two points above the center of her head which may be from a crown, but again I can't be sure.  Just throwing in discussion points.
2116	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-12	Who is Elio, and do they work on the show or for HBO? If not, then how can they confirm anything?Lol, Elio is the guy who owns this site. He's co-writing stuff with George Martin as well, I believe.I didn't know he confirmed this though - does anyone have a source? That would quash this debate once and for all. (Although in my mind it's been settled for a good while)Margaery is wearing a crown in this photo - it's not her hair that's making the top of her head square.That gif is from the one of the on set/behind the scenes of season 3 vid on HBO.That scene is confirmed to NOT be the PW by one of the people on WiC.net. It's just Joffrey and Margaery greeting an adoring crowd in episode 4 I believe (could have misremembered the exact episode number)
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 12 April 2013 - 12:22 PM.
2117	Eidolon	2013-04-12	That scene is confirmed to NOT be the PW by one of the people on WiC.net. It's just Joffrey and Margaery greeting an adoring crowd in episode 4 I believe (could have misremembered the exact episode number)Ahhhh, gotcha...do you remember where on WiC.net you saw that?
2118	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-12	Ahhhh, gotcha...do you remember where on WiC.net you saw that?Afraid not. I think it was the moderator called 'Fire and Blood'. He'd seen the first four episodes. If it was him who told me, he's pretty much 100% reliable. If it was someone else, maybe take that comment with a pinch of salt.When Fire and Blood was asked if the PW was in, he said he didn't think it was likely but he couldn't say for sure. But having looked at all the evidence independently, I've been utterly convinced (circa 95% confidence) that PW won't be in this season.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 12 April 2013 - 12:38 PM.
2119	Sun	2013-04-12	lol I see that nothing short of episode 10 airing will settle this debate for some. Not complaining, I'm enjoying this thread quite a bit.
2120	-Ghost-	2013-04-12	Who is Elio, and do they work on the show or for HBO? If not, then how can they confirm anything?Margaery is wearing a crown in this photo - it's not her hair that's making the top of her head square.That gif is from the one of the on set/behind the scenes of season 3 vid on HBO.Elio is Ran, the owner of this site and everything on it. He also was one of the people who made the World of Ice and Fire app with help from George and helped George with the World of Ice and Fire book that comes out in October, I believe. If George forgets something about Westeros, he asks Elio. So yeah, his word is pretty good. If he said that or not is a different story. This I do not know.By seeing the first links pictures, Im not sure id be able to say that she is wearing a crown. Do you have any better pictures?
2121	MoAt	2013-04-12	Elio is Ran, the owner of this site and everything on it. He also was one of the people who made the World of Ice and Fire app with help from George and helped George with the World of Ice and Fire book that comes out in October, I believe. If George forgets something about Westeros, he asks Elio. So yeah, his word is pretty good. If he said that or not is a different story. This I do not know.By seeing the first links pictures, Im not sure id be able to say that she is wearing a crown. Do you have any better pictures?Ah, in that case, I would think he's signed a non-disclosure agreement, and wouldn't be able to say anything either way to anyone, especially posting it on a public forum.Here is a better image of that photo - making the image bigger actually reduced the quality. You can see they're both wearing crowns.
2122	Newstar	2013-04-12	Ah, in that case, I would think he's signed a non-disclosure agreement, and wouldn't be able to say anything either way to anyone, especially posting it on a public forum.Here is a better image of that photo - making the image bigger actually reduced the quality. You can see they're both wearing crowns.There's a scene in the Season 3 New Characters featurette released earlier this week--don't know why they waited so long to release it, but whatever--which shows an earlier part of the same scene: Cersei, Olenna, Joffrey and Margaery in the same frame. They're quite clearly in the Great Sept of Baelor, but there's no one else around that I can tell. It looks rather dark, actually. Cersei and Olenna are wearing the same clothes that they're wearing in that bit from the promo where Cersei rushes down the steps and looks at Joffrey and Margaery outside the sept facing the crowd. Joffrey and Margaery are not crowned in the scene from the featurette, and since it seems to be the same scene as the one in the promo, I don't think they're crowned facing the crowd either.Can't imagine what they're doing there and the crowd's doing there if it's not a wedding, but why is the sept otherwise deserted? It almost looks like Joffrey and Margaery go with Cersei and Olenna to scope out the location where the wedding will be held...and then we see an actual wedding there in 3x08. Seems like a waste of a good crowd scene if the only reason they're there is to praise Joffrey and Margaery rather than turn out for the wedding, but if it's confirmed no PW in Season 3, I can't imagine what it would otherwise be.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 12 April 2013 - 02:28 PM.
2123	Iotun	2013-04-12	With no offense to Elio, even were he to have actually said the PW is not in the season, I wonder if he has seen the entire reason and actually has enough insider knowledge to be a reliable source. Running a fan site, even the largest one, does not necessarily grant access to the all the producers secrets.
Secondly, if he does know, I imagine he would have signed an NDA in any case, so cannot see why he would reveal something like this.
Thirdly, if he heard it from somebody the said it to somebody on this forum, who said it to somebody else, that's a long line of commnunication for things to be misunderstood. So again, with all due respect, I'm very weary of this rumor.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 12 April 2013 - 03:35 PM.
2124	MoAt	2013-04-12	There's a scene in the Season 3 New Characters featurette released earlier this week--don't know why they waited so long to release it, but whatever--which shows an earlier part of the same scene: Cersei, Olenna, Joffrey and Margaery in the same frame. They're quite clearly in the Great Sept of Baelor, but there's no one else around that I can tell. It looks rather dark, actually. Cersei and Olenna are wearing the same clothes that they're wearing in that bit from the promo where Cersei rushes down the steps and looks at Joffrey and Margaery outside the sept facing the crowd. Joffrey and Margaery are not crowned in the scene from the featurette, and since it seems to be the same scene as the one in the promo, I don't think they're crowned facing the crowd either.Can't imagine what they're doing there and the crowd's doing there if it's not a wedding, but why is the sept otherwise deserted? It almost looks like Joffrey and Margaery go with Cersei and Olenna to scope out the location where the wedding will be held...and then we see an actual wedding there in 3x08. Seems like a waste of a good crowd scene if the only reason they're there is to praise Joffrey and Margaery rather than turn out for the wedding, but if it's confirmed no PW in Season 3, I can't imagine what it would otherwise be.IMO, I can't imagine anyone involved with the production, no matter how remotely, confirming anything either way that's as big as Joffrey's death, especially when there are fans out there who are watching it just for that at this point. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Totally agree with you about it being a waste of hiring a giant crowd of extras cheering.As for that VID, do you mean the scene at 1:23? No reason, as you say, they can't be scoping out the Sept.... or it could be right before the ceremony.The thing I have trouble with in the MOST AWESOME TRAILER WITH TRON MUSIC EVER, /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  is I'm not sure what/who Cersei is looking up at. Yes, Olenna and Cersei seem to be in the same gowns in both vids, but when the trailer breaks at :57 from Cersei looking up at - what/whoever - to the back of someone (Cersei?) at :58 looking toward Margaery and Joffrey exiting the Sept (to the crowd?), she seems to be in a different dress. The one at :57 is that new neckline that was first introduced on Margaery last season at Renley's camp - with the neckline wrapping the arms, back, and shoulders and continuing to stand up behind and above them, but not laying on the shoulder, and attached to a normal sleeve like at :58 - does that make sense? If it is Cersei, she seems to be in a different dress at :58.We're assuming it's Cersei at :58, when it may very well be the same scene, just a different female we're seeing the back of. It might indeed be Cersei in a different scene entirely. Or it may just be the angle and the lighting making it look like a different dress. To all of you who find this subject annoying, why don't you simply not participate? It's not like this is the only thread on this entire forum. And there are many of us who are having a blast discussing this and enjoying the speculation.
2125	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-12	thank you! nobody here knows elio or has been "whispered" inside info by elio so that rumor needs to stop now...
as to the order i think we will get sanas/tyrion wedding  to  set up her escape, then PW to have tv viewers cheering YAY then RW to have people screaming why?!?!. also in e10 tyrion is released by his brother/varys kills tywin/shae then heads for mopatis
after her marriage she will find out that shae has been lying about being her friend & they will begin to dislike each other. she will then turn to ros/littlefinger & escape after pw at whichpoint littlefinger breaks news of RW to her ( IT HASNT EVEN HAPPENED YET... like their on the boat and he says i have regrettable news. change of plans something has happened to your brother/mother then cut to RW
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 12 April 2013 - 06:21 PM.
2126	Iotun	2013-04-12	also after sanas tyrion marriage she will find out that shae has been lying about being her friend & they will begin to dislike each other. she will then in turn turn to ros/littlefinger & escape after pwIdon't she needs to start disliking Shae to turn to Littlefinger. She will likely turn to them even more as soon as she learns she's being planned to be married to Tyrion.
2127	-Ghost-	2013-04-12	Ah, in that case, I would think he's signed a non-disclosure agreement, and wouldn't be able to say anything either way to anyone, especially posting it on a public forum.Here is a better image of that photo - making the image bigger actually reduced the quality. You can see they're both wearing crowns.I dunno, I didn't see him say it. So it's basically post a link or it didn't happen to whoever said it to begin with.I still can't conclusively say yes or no to that picture. Maybe, maybe not.
2128	Newstar	2013-04-12	If it is Cersei, she seems to be in a different dress at :58.We're assuming it's Cersei at :58, when it may very well be the same scene, just a different female we're seeing the back of. It might indeed be Cersei in a different scene entirely. Or it may just be the angle and the lighting making it look like a different dress.Nope, the dress is the same. It just "crests" at the back. 0:57 and 0:58 are part of the same scene. Cersei rushes forward from Olenna and looks up, and then the camera angle switches so that we see what she's looking at: Joffrey and Margaery looking out at the crowd.Anyway, steiner posted on page 10 of this thread that Fire and Blood on WIC.net, who's seen the first four episodes, said that scene with Joffrey/Margaery/Cersei/Olenna in the Sept was in Episode 4. Doesn't mean the PW is out in of itself, but it would certainly rule out the scene of Joffrey/Margaery/Cersei/Olenna being of the PW.I'm thinking the scene in the Great Sept might be for the reader to get a feel for the place before Tyrion and Sansa's wedding so it won't be some random location (we've never seen the interior of the Sept before), and also for foreshadowing Tyrion and Sansa's wedding later in the season (Chekhov's Sept, if you will). We'll also see Cersei and Olenna go toe to toe, as it looks like they're in conversation before Cersei rushes away from Olenna, and that should be fun.Secondly, if he does know, I imagine he would have signed an NDA in any case, so cannot see why he would reveal something like this.Eh, I doubt it. We knew in the fall of 2012 thanks to posts on Winteriscoming.net that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding would be in Episode 8 and not long after that the RW would be in Episode 9, and those were posts on the main website by people in the know (meaning presumably the HBO/GOT powers that be would come down on them like a ton of bricks if they didn't want that info released). I don't see where the PW falls being a spoiler to dwarf the other two in terms of when they're supposed to air.There was a poster who posted on another thread in this subforum, I believe, that Elio had told him/her that the PW was in Season 4. Although that seems to be consistent with what Cellio said upthread.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 12 April 2013 - 06:57 PM.
2129	MoAt	2013-04-12	There was a poster who posted on another thread in this subforum, I believe, that Elio had told him/her that the PW was in Season 4. Although that seems to be consistent with what Cellio said upthread.Link, or:thank you! nobody here knows elio or has been "whispered" inside info by elio so that rumor needs to stop now...Seriously. Do you really think HBO or GRRM would continue associating with someone who blabbed spoilers about something like that? I would be shocked if Elio hasn't signed a NDA with GRRM, and or Bighead Littlehead, especially considering the app, and the fact there's money involved.
2130	Newstar	2013-04-12	Here's the relevant post, from the thread about the action being deliberately slowed down in King's Landing in Season 3, from poster sword in the night:Yep.  No PW.  Elio confirmed that to me.  The Dornish have yet to be be cast and don't even arrive until season 4.Assuming this is true, seems pretty straightforward. Of course, I suppose you could read this as Elio confirmed no Dornish have been cast, which doesn't rule out PW, but that's open knowledge, so I think the more likely explanation is that (again, assuming this is true) no PW in Season 3.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 12 April 2013 - 07:48 PM.
2131	MoAt	2013-04-12	I can see how he might assume since the Dornish aren't cast he might guess that meant no PW. That's how I take that, not as something carved in stone.
I suppose it depends on how important the Dornish are to D&D being in the PW.
I do not see GRRM telling him since every contract of that magnitude that GRRM has with not only BHLH but HBO as well, includes an NDA.
Assuming all that is true, I don't see that as a firm lock of where the PW will be, especially with crowns in the trailer. Besides, the Viper goes to KL to be on the small counsel, as part of the Myrcella exchange, not to attend a wedding. They moved Ramsey and the Reeds to farther along in the timeline. No reason they can't do that with the Viper as well. I also don't see them casting anyone else for the time being either, meaning no plural Dorinsh.
 /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
I also think Elio must have signed an NDA as well. Implying he would breech that is pretty horrid in any case (I don't mean YOU Newstar!!! I mean anyone who would read more into that post then run with it, implying or stating he said something he didn't.)
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 12 April 2013 - 08:29 PM.
2132	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-12	About the speculated pictures, I'm just throwing this out there, but, does the queen of Westeros actually even wear a crown? Throughout the whole show I can't remember Cersei ever having worn one, even in the first season when Robert was still alive.
2133	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-12	thank you! nobody here knows elio or has been "whispered" inside info by elio so that rumor needs to stop now...as to the order i think we will get sanas/tyrion wedding  to  set up her escape, then PW to have tv viewers cheering YAY then RW to have people screaming why?!?!. also in e10 tyrion is released by his brother/varys kills tywin/shae then heads for mopatisafter her marriage she will find out that shae has been lying about being her friend & they will begin to dislike each other. she will then turn to ros/littlefinger & escape after pw at whichpoint littlefinger breaks news of RW to her ( IT HASNT EVEN HAPPENED YET... like their on the boat and he says i have regrettable news. change of plans something has happened to your brother/mother then cut to RWVery farfetched. I doubt that Shae would simply reveal to Sansa that she was lying about being her friend all of a sudden. If anything Shae's disloyalty would be plopped in the face of viewers when she testifies at the trial, and that's even if writers continue to use Shae as Tyrion's betrayer at this point, which I think is doubtful.
2134	MoAt	2013-04-12	About the speculated pictures, I'm just throwing this out there, but, does the queen of Westeros actually even wear a crown? Throughout the whole show I can't remember Cersei ever having worn one, even in the first season when Robert was still alive.I can't remember her ever wearing one around Robert, and once he's dead, there's no reason for her to wear one as Regent.All the more reason for a costumer to give Margaery one - to piss off Cersei more, and establish her rank above Cersei's. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 12 April 2013 - 08:59 PM.
2135	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-12	Very farfetched. I doubt that Shae would simply reveal to Sansa that she was lying about being her friend all of a sudden. If anything Shae's disloyalty would be plopped in the face of viewers when she testifies at the trial, and that's even if writers continue to use Shae as Tyrion's betrayer at this point, which I think is doubtful.don't think i said anything about a " simple reveal" most likely sansa will walk in on tyrion/shae in some fashion. im of the belief there wont even be a trial (not that important & waste of shows time)so what do you think about that? tyrion gets framed for killing joeffry by QoT/varys (to put tommen in place) then shortly thereafter he is thrown in dungeons by Tywin/Cersei jamie shows up & makes varys help him free tyrion for his role in setting him up. you get the famous tyrion & jamie scene then he kills tywin/shae & gets on boat towards mopatis
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 12 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
2136	MoAt	2013-04-12	don't think i said anything about a " simple reveal" most likely sansa will walk in on tyrion/shae in some fashion. im of the belief there wont even be a trial (not that important & waste of shows time)so what do you think about that? tyrion gets framed for killing joeffry by QoT/varys (to put tommen in place) then shortly thereafter he is thrown in dungeons by Tywin/Cersei jamie shows up & makes varys help him free tyrion for his role in setting him up. you get the famous tyrion & jamie scene then he kills tywin/shae & gets on boat towards mopatisTotally plausible. And there would be oceans of tears over no Viper.Easy to kill the Mountain some other way.I personally hope that doesn't happen. But I don't think the Viper's story will be as detailed and broad as many here think it will.
2137	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-13	i'm thinking varys & QoT set up tyrion to take the fall for killing Joeffry (has to be sansa hair net). Varys wants ros to help take Sansa to highgarden but LF finds out by means of shae somehow & ros gets an arrow to the gut... this makes tyrion the prime suspect for helping her escape. Tywin/Cersei blame the spiteful envious little creature for both crimes just like Varys/QoT/Littlefinger want (divide/conquer). then jamie returns from saving brienne from bear pit & giving her oathkeeper ( she goes off to find Lady Catelyn but might run into somebody else...) to find aftermath. he refuses to belive Tywin/Cersei & kidnaps varys (hes dumb but hes not some dumb to think the spider didnt play a role)
after roose bolton agree to RW they will send jamie back deprived of his sword hand then B&MF then tyrion/varys scene
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 13 April 2013 - 01:26 PM.
2138	MoAt	2013-04-13	i'm thinking varys & QoT set up tyrion to take the fall for killing Joeffry (has to be sansa hair net). Varys wants ros to help take Sansa to highgarden but LF finds out by means of shae somehow & ros gets an arrow to the gut... this makes tyrion the prime suspect for helping her escape. Tywin/Cersei blame the spiteful envious little creature for both crimes just like Varys/QoT/Littlefinger want (divide/conquer). then jamie returns from saving brienne from bear pit & giving her oathkeeper ( she goes off to find Lady Catelyn but might run into somebody else...) to find aftermath. he refuses to belive Tywin/Cersei & kidnaps varys (hes dumb but hes not some dumb to think the spider didnt play a role)after roose bolton agree to RW they will send jamie back deprived of his sword hand then B&MF then tyrion/varys sceneI'm pretty sure 
	Spoiler Jamie loses his hand in the next two eps - probably ep 3 is my guess.
2139	Sasha Steelsong	2013-04-13	About the speculated pictures, I'm just throwing this out there, but, does the queen of Westeros actually even wear a crown? Throughout the whole show I can't remember Cersei ever having worn one, even in the first season when Robert was still alive.I don't recall seeing her wear one but I'm not sure if we saw her at an official occasion where a crown might be considered appropriate.  I would think that even if they didn't wear it every day, queens would wear one on the day they actually become queen.
2140	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-14	Ignore this post, for the words were dark and filled with errors!
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 14 April 2013 - 06:19 PM.
2141	Dany4eva	2013-04-14	So on the cover of ew,  it says shocking deaths , wild weddings, and one angry bear. 
I wouldnt call sansa and tyrions wedding a wild wedding. This could mean purple wedding in season 3?
2142	Sun	2013-04-14	So on the cover of ew,  it says shocking deaths , wild weddings, and one angry bear.I wouldnt call sansa and tyrions wedding a wild wedding. This could mean purple wedding in season 3?The actress playing Sansa said in one interview that there are changes in her storyline that would shock book readers. I've been wondering what the change could be, and the way her wedding is scripted could be it.
2143	Dany4eva	2013-04-14	The actress playing Sansa said in one interview that there are changes in her storyline that would shock book readers. I've been wondering what the change could be, and the way her wedding is scripted could be it.Possible but I hope they r referring to the purple wedding.
2144	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-19	no way; PW in season 4
2145	Conchobar	2013-04-19	Purple wedding was already confirmed to not happen in this season.
2146	Shadow on the Wall	2013-05-04	http://winteriscomin...son-3/#commentsAnd I was right.
2147	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-04-12	I dunno if this was brought up, but I don't think the guy who confronted Theon during his second scene was Ramsay, but the original Reek.  To me, the Reek thing is very important and I have feared it was ruined after seeing last season.
But now I'm starting to have some hope, it looks like Theon will end up killing the original Reek, thus becoming the new one.
2148	sati	2013-04-13	I dunno if this was brought up, but I don't think the guy who confronted Theon during his second scene was Ramsay, but the original Reek.  To me, the Reek thing is very important and I have feared it was ruined after seeing last season.But now I'm starting to have some hope, it looks like Theon will end up killing the original Reek, thus becoming the new one.No, that was Iwan Rheon, who plays Ramsay.
					
					
							Edited by sati, 13 April 2013 - 04:49 AM.
2149	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	There's not going to be a "Reek" in the show! Sorry, Reek fans.
2150	Batman	2013-04-16	There's not going to be a "Reek" in the show! Sorry, Reek fans.I am already past being annoyed with ruined storylines. Pissing on Jon Snow's second season arc, there is no coming back. But Reek was integeral to Theons arc.
2151	First of My Name	2013-04-28	It was Ramsay, and I think it will crush Theon's hope even more when he realises his supposed savior is actually the one who did all this to him.
2152	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-28	I am already past being annoyed with ruined storylines. Pissing on Jon Snow's second season arc, there is no coming back. But Reek was integeral to Theons arc.Uh, that Reek is actually Ramssy. So rather than pretending to be a prisoner that smells like shit he pretends to be a secret envoy sent to rescue Theon. The end result is exactly the same, in that Theon is deceived and is then tortured brutally. In fact this method is even more devastating for Theon. There's something to be said for mental torture as well as physical (i.e. thinking you've been rescued, confiding in a friend, all to find out that friend is actually your worst nightmare).
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 28 April 2013 - 06:05 PM.
2153	Batman	2013-04-29	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Uh, that Reek is actually Ramssy. So rather than pretending to be a prisoner that smells like shit he pretends to be a secret envoy sent to rescue Theon. The end result is exactly the same, in that Theon is deceived and is then tortured brutally. In fact this method is even more devastating for Theon. There's something to be said for mental torture as well as physical (i.e. thinking you've been rescued, confiding in a friend, all to find out that friend is actually your worst nightmare).Like I said, dont care anymore.
2154	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I was discussing this with someone after the second episode, and we were realizing how confusing this show has become for non-readers. It's almost becoming merely something to accompany the books, so that fans can see their favorite characters/events unfold on screen. I kind of feel like this happened with the Harry Potter books ... like, I can't imagine non-readers fully understanding or appreciating the later movies w/o having read the books.
Do you think Game of Thrones is heading down this path? Or is it already there? Or do people not care and simply follow for their favorite characters no matter how confused they are? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2155	Nezzer	2013-04-11	I think it does. The problem is that this isn't a show to watch casually. It demands a lot of attention from the viewer and each episode should be rewatched several times. Check the TWOP forums if you don't believe me. You can see a lot of non-readers understanding the show completely and even making very good predictions.
2156	MoAt	2013-04-11	Yes.
2157	rystine	2013-04-11	You know, it's kinda funny, but I actually think that show only people (at least the ones who watch closely) enjoy the show more than book readers do.  They might not catch all the little name drops, and occasional historical references, like book readers do.  But on average they still have more fun watching.
In short, yes, the show stands on its own just fine IMO.
2158	go joff go	2013-04-11	I think its kind of a silly question at this point in the story.  Thats like putting ACOK down after HOTU and complaing that the book doesn't make sense.  Not everything is explained right away  and frankly it isn't hard to follow.  The only thing that has been messed up in a HUH?!? way is the opening of this season.
2159	Khal Porno	2013-04-11	I think the answer is definitely yes, the show stands on its own just fine (and there are more people who watch the show than read the books, and it is still very successful).  You could easily say the same thing with the books.  "Does A Feast for Crows stand on its own without having read the first three books?"
If you've watched all the way through, you're fine.  If you start in the middle you obviously won't know exactly what's going on, but you'll figure out the general idea enough to enjoy the episode (and will hopefully want to go back and watch the others - this happened to me with Mad Men).
Some people obviously aren't going to be able to figure it out even if they've watched all the way through, but MOST people I feel are smart enough to appreciate it.  Give people a little credit!
EDIT: I said no instead of yes by mistake.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 01:04 AM.
2160	The Queen	2013-04-11	I do agree. The show follows the plot of the entire book series not book per book series. It may be confusing to non-bookreaders for they may not see the connection of one scene from the other without knowing the bird's eye view from the books. Anyhow, changes are expected from the show because yeah, it still stands on its own
2161	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	I've talked to many people on many forums who purposefully CHOSE not to read the books, but instead watch the show and that alone.
This is hilarious to me because a lot of it is like "wah I don't have time to read books"... but you have time to watch over 20 hours of a television show? Most likely twice, since EVERYONE has watched Game of Thrones through at least twice? "Wah, I don't want the books to ruin the show for me" ...that'd be like not listening to an original song, because you like the cover version by a different band. Wut. "I don't like fantasy / I have better things to be reading / yadada", but you like the show? If anything, the show is much more unrealistic and obviously set in a fantasy than MOST of the books.
This is just my opinion though. I've also met plenty of people who hated the show because of the stupidest reasons, Too many characters, I HATE NUDITY, too much talking, terrible pacing and too much emphasis on cliffhangers and plot twists, etc. These reasons are all valid, I suppose, to not liking the show. *shrug*
The fact of the matter is, i'm sure more people have WATCHED the first season of Game of Thrones(whether on DVD/Blu-ray, on TV or on the internet) than the collective total of sales between all five books. I can't back this up or anything, but it really wouldn't surprise me.
So does it stand on it's own as a really popular show? Yes. Does it stand out on it's own and make total sense to near everyone who didn't read the books? No, I don't think so, i've found that MOST nonbook readers tend to ask me or the internet a lot of questions that aren't made clear in the show.
Hell, I showed someone the entire first episode and he didn't even realize that Cersei and Jaime were siblings at the end - NOR why it was a big enough deal(cesting up the queen) to warrant pushing a kid out a window, OR the possible implications that the Queen's children are all bastards. Of course, this is just one silly example that comes to my mind, but i've heard horror stories. Most recently, people thinking Robb/Bolton/Karstark were at the ruins of Winterfell and that the boat scenes Dany was on obviously meant she had landed in Westeros. Wtf.
Of course, even people who aren't morons get confused sometimes. My mother kept forgetting that Lysa Arryn was Cat's sister(and thus being confused WHY Cat brought Tyrion to the Eyrie), i've had to explain to a roommate that Rhaegar WAS NEVER a king but the Mad King's first prince who died, etc.
I think, as a whole, we won't REALLY know if the show stands on it's own until it's absolutely finished. That way we can measure all the plot progression, foreshadowing, character development, etc. without any book bias(okay, less book bias) and that way we can also look at every question, reference or statement made and see if it makes sense or not in a totally show-only-no-friends-or-books-or-internet-helping way.
2162	Hoo	2013-04-12	No, The show does not stand on its own like other shows.  I am a non reader, and without rewartching, wiki cliffnotes, and reading the book 1 and a small part of book 2, I'd be lost.  There are just too many things happening and too many characters.
That said, I feel the shows is starting to crumble.  So it may not stand at all.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 12 April 2013 - 12:30 AM.
2163	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-12	No, The show does not stand on its own like other shows.  I am a non reader, and without rewartching, wiki cliffnotes, and reading the book 1 and a small part of book 2, I'd be lost.  There are just too many things happening and too many characters.That said, I feel the shows is starting to crumble.  So it may not stand at all.Yeah, honestly. Everyone has been saying that book readers were just so amazed by season one that they were butthurt with all the plot destruction in season two, all the character shallowing, all the action omitting, all the shitty pacing, etc. because it was an obvious step down.I watched season two with my room mates as it aired every week, and they never read the books AND LOVED the first season. They all were very disappointed with season two. All three of them hated how much of a waste of time Jon/Sam, Dany/Qarth, everything Bran-not-with-Theon and Robb-marching-on-to-nowhere was. The only parts that they really enjoyed was the hype up FOR the blackwater battle(but not the battle itself, because they couldn't deal with the stupidity of the lack of helmets/shields, Stannis leading the charge, Tyrion's terrible battle plan, etc.) and... interestingly enough, everything Theon. Actually, I think without Theon and some of Tyrion's snappy lines, all three of my room mates would've simply given up after season two.Oh, they also liked Arya too, until the Jaqen plot. They were so pissed when she literally did nothing the entire time at Harrenhall.But anyway, my original point is, a lot of people who watch the show and don't even read the books, seem in love with certain characters. (Always Tyrion, Dany, Jon Snow and Arya) And keep watching for specific characters/actors and not the show itself.I remember the internets were ablaze with "I CALL BULLSHIT" after Renly's death. So I think this show is still standing on hype(the GAME OF THRONES IS AWESOME hype) combined with EVERYONE being in denial about season two's quality, and the fanfavorite actors/characters alone. I expect this season will be the determining season of whether the show TRULY stands or not, even if season 4 has already been confirmed and whatnot.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 12 April 2013 - 12:59 AM.
2164	Head of The Ned	2013-04-12	Absolutely.
Despite the constant bitching and moaning that so many people enjoy partaking in, the show is amazing. I read the books after season 2 and having read the books it adds a whole new depth to the show. I admit that the show develops the characters rather slowly and that may be the only valid beef I can see people having. Also yes in comparsion to ACOK and season 1 I think season 2 left a bit to be desired...
But the third seasons of TV series are usually the defining ones (Wire, Sopranos, Breaking Bad, Walking Dead) and I think this will be the case as well.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 12 April 2013 - 01:05 AM.
2165	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Absolutely.Despite the constant bitching and moaning that so many people enjoy partaking in, the show is amazing. I read the books after season 2 and having read the books it adds a whole new depth to the show. I admit that the show develops the characters rather slowly and that may be the only valid beef I can see people having. Also yes in comparsion to ACOK and season 1 I think season 2 left a bit to be desired...But the third seasons of TV series are usually the defining ones (Wire, Sopranos, Breaking Bad, Walking Dead) and I think this will be the case as well.High five!  It's always nice to meet people here who feel the same way I do and aren't always whining about how the show sucks because it's ruining the books.
2166	Sun	2013-04-12	Millions who have never read the books are watching it, and enjoying it, so I would say yes, the show definitely stands on its own.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 12 April 2013 - 01:12 AM.
2167	Hoo	2013-04-12	I watched season two with my room mates as it aired every week, and they never read the books AND LOVED the first season. They all were very disappointed with season two. All three of them hated how much of a waste of time Jon/Sam, Dany/Qarth, everything Bran-not-with-Theon and Robb-marching-on-to-nowhere was. The only parts that they really enjoyed was the hype up FOR the blackwater battle(but not the battle itself, because they couldn't deal with the stupidity of the lack of helmets/shields, Stannis leading the charge, Tyrion's terrible battle plan, etc.) and... interestingly enough, everything Theon. Actually, I think without Theon and some of Tyrion's snappy lines, all three of my room mates would've simply given up after season two.Very good points.  I was going to write something along those lines, but changed my mind on prevoius post.I feel the same way.  Book readers are fanatics.  I on the other hand want to see drama.  Drama imo was the "game of the throne"--Lannisters v Starks v whoever else.  I feel the Bran and Daenerys plots are a waste of my time, and Theon in a large part as well.  Stannis plot is just stupid.But back to the drama, right now everything is blown up in Westeros.  The tie that binds the plot is Sansa being held by Lannisters at King's Landing, Jaime/Briene Dichotomy (part of lannister/Starks game).  The conenctions are blown up, and there are very few ties that bind the drama plot.  The show is crumbling.Now for fanatics who like to watch bizarre and irrelevant plots, the show will be great.
2168	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-12	I think the show is certainly better if you have read the books, and yes the show does stand on its own but not as straight without the books
2169	Joyful Union	2013-04-12	Yeah, honestly. Everyone has been saying that book readers were just so amazed by season one that they were butthurt with all the plot destruction in season two, all the character shallowing, all the action omitting, all the shitty pacing, etc. because it was an obvious step down.I watched season two with my room mates as it aired every week, and they never read the books AND LOVED the first season. They all were very disappointed with season two. All three of them hated how much of a waste of time Jon/Sam, Dany/Qarth, everything Bran-not-with-Theon and Robb-marching-on-to-nowhere was. The only parts that they really enjoyed was the hype up FOR the blackwater battle(but not the battle itself, because they couldn't deal with the stupidity of the lack of helmets/shields, Stannis leading the charge, Tyrion's terrible battle plan, etc.) and... interestingly enough, everything Theon. Actually, I think without Theon and some of Tyrion's snappy lines, all three of my room mates would've simply given up after season two.Oh, they also liked Arya too, until the Jaqen plot. They were so pissed when she literally did nothing the entire time at Harrenhall.But anyway, my original point is, a lot of people who watch the show and don't even read the books, seem in love with certain characters. (Always Tyrion, Dany, Jon Snow and Arya) And keep watching for specific characters/actors and not the show itself.I remember the internets were ablaze with "I CALL BULLSHIT" after Renly's death. So I think this show is still standing on hype(the GAME OF THRONES IS AWESOME hype) combined with EVERYONE being in denial about season two's quality, and the fanfavorite actors/characters alone. I expect this season will be the determining season of whether the show TRULY stands or not, even if season 4 has already been confirmed and whatnot.You seem to have misunderstood the thread.This about whether or not the show stands as its own entity, without needing the knowledge provided by the books, not how good you think Season 2 was.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 12 April 2013 - 01:24 AM.
2170	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-12	Kevan, my point about season two was entirely relevant. Too many plots, not clear on who is where or who is on what's side, not answering questions, teasing the audience(I'll tell you about my balls another time), soap opera romance that no one is watching the show for, etc.You'd be hard pressed, IMO, to find a nonreader who WATCHES and understands the show and DOESN'T use the internet or talk to friends about it to figure things out. Every nonbook watcher is confused or mistaken about something major, it seems, and not in a intentional-mystery sort of way.When everything piles up and up, and there's no real clarification for most things, the show will fall apart. There's a reason why Lost was so fucking popular at the start, then everyone began despising the show in the last two or three seasons. (Lost, being probably THE most influential and important television show of the 00-09 decade IMO, is perfectly relevant to this thread as it was another MAJOR show which influenced everyone, had shitloads of characters and plots, loads of backstory which only some of was revealed, etc.)EDIT TO ADD: Also, the lack of any real flow to episodes(trying to bunch in as much plot as possible, rather than bursts of specific characters), the show's seeming obsession with ending every episode with a twist/cliffhanger and the show's terrible way of wrapping up the season two finale in a way that felt... well, like a finale? It comes off as sloppy. Most major TV shows, when it's a finale, you fucking know it. Hell, even the season one finale was clearly a finale - and it was largely just resolutions.It won't be until the end of season three when we really know, I think. Because as other users have mentioned, there are many shows which have great first and third seasons, but have second seasons that definitely suffer from major "growing pains."And also, we won't know until Red Wedding whether or not the fans of the show REALLY want to be fans of this show any longer or not. Ha.Very good points.  I was going to write something along those lines, but changed my mind on prevoius post.I feel the same way.  Book readers are fanatics.  I on the other hand want to see drama.  Drama imo was the "game of the throne"--Lannisters v Starks v whoever else.  I feel the Bran and Daenerys plots are a waste of my time, and Theon in a large part as well.  Stannis plot is just stupid.But back to the drama, right now everything is blown up in Westeros.  The tie that binds the plot is Sansa being held by Lannisters at King's Landing, Jaime/Briene Dichotomy (part of lannister/Starks game).  The conenctions are blown up, and there are very few ties that bind the drama plot.  The show is crumbling.Now for fanatics who like to watch bizarre and irrelevant plots, the show will be great.Ha. Well, in the books, hardly any plots are stupid. There are a few LITTLE creative choices that make me question GRRM at times, but when it comes to actual plots? There's definitely lots to be had, everything is meaningful, Stannis is VERY relevant, etc.But in the show it doesn't come off this way. You said you read the first book and part of the second book? Honestly, I highly recommend finishing the second book. The way everything comes together is just so gorgeous. Except Jon and Dany, who are both mainly just character-and-world building in the second book. (But they hardly have any chapters in the second book anyway)
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 12 April 2013 - 01:35 AM.
2171	victim	2013-04-12	I'll simply point you to Game of Throne's IMDB page: http://www.imdb.com/...4947/?ref_=sr_1. What we have there is a rating of 9.4/10 from more than 300,000 users. I'd be willing to bet that less than 1/3rd of those users have read the books. Now, on to my point. I'm well aware that IMDB isn't exactly the best resource to see a shows popularity, but the fact remains that a rating of 9.4 is somewhat of a rarity reserved for top-tier shows like The Wire, Breaking Bad and yes, Game of Thrones. To suggest a show with that rating doesn't stand on its own is nothing more than ridiculous. In fact, after an all to brief search, the only higher rated shows I found were Band of Brothers (9.6) and Planet Earth (9.5), both of which were mini-series with gigantic budgets and high-profile producers.
2172	BillBones	2013-04-12	The show obviously stands on it own, but I do think that most non-readers miss out on a lot of stuff happening in the show, and not all because of not having read the books. Might be that my friends are surprisingly stupid, but I always find myself pausing the show to explain certain events/characters/etc at least five times per episode; important stuff that probably pass my friends right by when watching alone.
On the other hand, I think maybe 80% of these questions could be answered by a rewatch of the previous seasons..
2173	Loras	2013-04-12	Sometimes I think that as people who have read the books, we expect that people who have not read the books won't understand it.  Because it is really complicated.  Because it has all of this history you have to understand.  Because... Because... Because.
The problem is more that we feel like we have some sort of ownership of the show BECAUSE we have read the books.  The TV-show people are the 'lesser mortals' who could never understand.
I'm guilty of book snobbery, particularly with my partner - its ok to be mean to him /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> - but it doesn't mean he doesn't understand the show.
2174	Iotun	2013-04-12	I think the show stands for some people, and it doesn't for others. No product appeals to all audiences, and no product is meant to appeal to all audiences. Its a fundamental of marketing, target a specific market segment, and differentiate your product so it matches their requirements. There is a large audience out there that enjoys twisted plots, many characters, having to remember things or piece the puzzle together. There are also people who don't want to do so, or don't want to devote that much energy in understanding a show. Just because somebody's friends aren't able to keep up doesn't mean that the show is failing, it just  means they aren't necessarily in its target audience. If a show fails to appeal to 95% of the population, but strongly appeals to 5% who become dedicated and devoted viewers, 5% of the entire population Is a huge number and more than able to sustain a show. And I think GoT appeals to a lot more than 5%.
One other thing to mention is that if there are viewers that enjoy the overall characters, the high production values, the fantasy, the 'feel' of the show, but get confused by the overall large width of the world, the show is at an advantage because they CAN easily find out what's going on, because they CAN read the books, and CAN look out for details in the wikis. I think the show is reaching a point (if it wasn't alreqady there), where it can sustain itself by book-readers alone as there are so many of us around the world, and growing still given the show.
2175	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-12	It certainly stands on it's own, but it's a demanding show and everyone won't be able to follow everything. Some will enjoy it without getting everything, some will get it all and others just won't keep up. It obviously works for a lot of people though since the book readers aren't even remotely enough to have made this show the success it is.
2176	Rapsie	2013-04-12	Had I not read the books I'm sure I would love the show. I loved Tru Blood and that was different from the books, however by the 3rd and especially the 4th season I was getting bored with it and didn't watch the 5th. Apparently they were moving very far away from the books by then.
The worry is with A Game of Thrones is that the story is very complex as it is and the more the producers cut out / change ASOIAF to create Game of Thrones, the more the flow of the story will get mixed up and earlier things that didn't work will need more and more invented scenes to rectify them. 
Saying that Season 3 seems better at sticking to the books than Season 2, with a couple of glaring exceptions.
2177	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-12	I am a book reader, and my best friend who has read only half of book 1 completely understands everything that goes on, everyones motivations and relevance, so yes it definetly stands on its own.
If you listen carefully and pay attention to the show, you will understand it. The creators are not trying to make a show that people can't understand.
2178	Reposado	2013-04-12	And also, we won't know until Red Wedding whether or not the fans of the show REALLY want to be fans of this show any longer or not. Ha.agree with most what you said. not this though. i dont think the red wedding will be as impacting in the show because most show only watchers dont like robb that much, dont get what hes doing and dont have the impression of robb as eventual savior that people who read the books long ago did
2179	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	I definitely think everything is THERE in the show to understand, but it's overwhelming to fans who are only going to watch each episode once. I know a lot of smart people who are still confused/lost/mistaken about really important things, simply b/c they've just watched the episodes straight through without a rewatch. There are a ton of unfamiliar names and places coming at you all the time.  I think a lot of casual fans still like it, b/c they really love a character (or two or three) and are invested in THAT storyline and like seeing that character on screen doing cool stuff. I just wonder how long that will last for the casual fans once the complicated information keeps piling up.
I mean, I hope it lasts and that the show stays ridiculously popular, and I love the show and the show is what introduced me to the fandom, but I can't help but wonder!
2180	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	I definitely think everything is THERE in the show to understand, but it's overwhelming to fans who are only going to watch each episode once. I know a lot of smart people who are still confused/lost/mistaken about really important things, simply b/c they've just watched the episodes straight through without a rewatch. There are a ton of unfamiliar names and places coming at you all the time.  I think a lot of casual fans still like it, b/c they really love a character (or two or three) and are invested in THAT storyline and like seeing that character on screen doing cool stuff. I just wonder how long that will last for the casual fans once the complicated information keeps piling up.I mean, I hope it lasts and that the show stays ridiculously popular, and I love the show and the show is what introduced me to the fandom, but I can't help but wonder!I think the fact that it's intricate is one of the reasons that it is well-liked.  To be honest it really isn't as hard to follow as all of that.  And even if you're NOT paying close attention, you can still pick up the broad strokes of what's happening.  I don't think you have to worry about it being too complex or hard to understand for most people.
2181	Joyful Union	2013-04-12	I think the fact that it's intricate is one of the reasons that it is well-liked.  To be honest it really isn't as hard to follow as all of that.  And even if you're NOT paying close attention, you can still pick up the broad strokes of what's happening.  I don't think you have to worry about it being too complex or hard to understand for most people.I agree. You can appreciate the series on a casual, surface level, admiring the scenery, costumes , direction, the various climaxes and scenes, and on a deeper level, seeing how it all flows together and interconnects. Plenty of people I know hardly know any of the characters, but still find the series very enjoyable. I think that's a big part of the success of the series, and part of the reason why it stands alone.
2182	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	If people complain about not understanding every storyline in the season by the second episode then they should do themselves a favor and keep watching sitcoms or reality TV.
2183	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	If people complain about not understanding every storyline in the season by the second episode then they should do themselves a favor and keep watching sitcoms or reality TV.Even as an obsessive ASOIAF expert, I think this is a little unfair. Think about television fans who might watch each episode once on a weekly basis, having to wait a year between each season. Just b/c they are mixed up or confused about characters and plotlines in this extremely complicated story doesn't mean they aren't intelligent. They are just casual tv viewers of this particular show. At this point, and as the story progresses, I think the show is in "danger" of losing THOSE fans. The hardcore tv fans who own the show, watch multiple times, and frequent internet forums to discuss the show are going to understand a lot more are going to stick with it. And obviously, book fans are going to keep watching (even though a lot of us are ranting all the way /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)
2184	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-12	I am a book reader, and my best friend who has read only half of book 1 completely understands everything that goes on, everyones motivations and relevance, so yes it definetly stands on its own.If you listen carefully and pay attention to the show, you will understand it. The creators are not trying to make a show that people can't understand.True. I'm surprise that my hub who did not read any of the books can easily name and recognize the characters and memorize some of their lines. Even his friends who never did any reading or research about asoiaf understand what's going on in the show, and I can see they're really enjoying it - probably because they don't care about book deviations so there's nothing for them to complain about, and foreshadowings from the tv to what's gonna happen in the books are the least of their concern  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.
2185	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	Even as an obsessive ASOIAF expert, I think this is a little unfair. Think about television fans who might watch each episode once on a weekly basis, having to wait a year between each season. Just b/c they are mixed up or confused about characters and plotlines in this extremely complicated story doesn't mean they aren't intelligent. They are just casual tv viewers of this particular show. At this point, and as the story progresses, I think the show is in "danger" of losing THOSE fans. The hardcore tv fans who own the show, watch multiple times, and frequent internet forums to discuss the show are going to understand a lot more are going to stick with it. And obviously, book fans are going to keep watching (even though a lot of us are ranting all the way /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)The point is someone who is casual and doesn't pay attention enough to follow something complicated won't enjoy it, or at least won't enjoy it enough to make it worth watching. It's not about being unintelligent, but the show is only good if you're invested in it. I don't want them to sacrifice any intrigue or complexity because some people  have a poor attention span or don't care enough to try to understand it.That's why I said stick to simpler things if you find it too complex. That way we're both happy. (And obviously this is not directed at you, but at those who would complain about being confused).
2186	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-12	The show stands on its own. Even if there are many characters involved, most of them have had the same basic task since late season 1: Robb and Cat are campaigning across the Riverlands, Jon's beyond the wall trying to stop the wildling invasion, Arya is trying to get back to the North, Sansa is trying to survive Joffrey and Bran is heading beyond the wall. Cersei is bitching around in KL, Jaime is still a prisoner and Tyrion bedding whores.
If the plot was confusing during seasons 1 and 2, it should be a lot clearer now since most of the characters are doing what they were doing last year.
2187	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-12	The TV show stands on it's own. Especially once you watch the title sequence a few times to realize where all these imaginary places are in relation to eachother
2188	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	I think it does, but there are problems.
I can fully understand people who were left 'sticky and confused' after S2. Dany's story is going to be a huge problem going forward as she faffs around Essos. Jon was 'ok' in E1 but E2 had problems - especially with regard to Ygritte. Perhaps having Ygritte taking him to Orell then saying 'You know nothing' about Warging would have been an improvement. Certainly I can see Jon gets to Mance's camp... next minute they are all walking 'somewhere', could be an issue for people. This is especially the case because Robb's 'wandering around the place' can be seen as not really being developed well.
I totally get the 'need' for Talisa. I believe that Jayne Westerling would not have worked well on TV. "Jon rides off somewhere, suddenly comes back married'. But the real issue for Robb's story for me is the lack of opportunities for plot development due to lack of Lord Bannermen around him, What happened to Umber? All of a sudden during S2 it was just Karstark and Bolton. And now they are off marching to a not-battle 'somewhere' and Bolton has disappeared. They could have gotten around this issue by having a quick meeting with Robb saying "Right Roose, you stay here hand hold the Harrenhall flank. Rickard, you, me and the others will ride to Riverrun and clear out the Lannister supporters in those lands so we can free up the Tully forces to join us." Short, clear, decisive. And would have demonstrated that Robb's story arc was one that is still worth engaging in instead of being a time to check the phone for messages. It would have also had the opportunity for Roose to pull Robb aside and say "Why not have Karstark stay here?" (so Bolton can stay close to Stark). Robb could then reply "No, I want to keep him close" Perfect set up for focus of issues to be on Karstark. So much development opportunity to be had in a very short simple sequence.
Having the viewer firmly engaged in Robb is critical for the events to come. The season hangs on it.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 12 April 2013 - 03:08 PM.
2189	sarah.jenice	2013-04-12	I think the show does well for readers and nonreaders, and I don't think it has begun to lose quality or popularity with either audience.
I got my fiance, my mother and my sister into the show since it first started and even though none of them have read the books, they all love the show and don't seem to have problems following the story.
2190	Nezzer	2013-04-12	I think it does, but there are problems.I can fully understand people who were left 'sticky and confused' after S2. Dany's story is going to be a huge problem going forward as she faffs around Essos. Jon was 'ok' in E1 but E2 had problems - especially with regard to Ygritte. Perhaps having Ygritte taking him to Orell then saying 'You know nothing' about Warging would have been an improvement. Certainly I can see Jon gets to Mance's camp... next minute they are all walking 'somewhere', could be an issue for people. This is especially the case because Robb's 'wandering around the place' can be seen as not really being developed well.I totally get the 'need' for Talisa. I believe that Jayne Westerling would not have worked well on TV. "Jon rides off somewhere, suddenly comes back married'. But the real issue for Robb's story for me is the lack of opportunities for plot development due to lack of Lord Bannermen around him, What happened to Umber? All of a sudden during S2 it was just Karstark and Bolton. And now they are off marching to a not-battle 'somewhere' and Bolton has disappeared. They could have gotten around this issue by having a quick meeting with Robb saying "Right Roose, you stay here hand hold the Harrenhall flank. Rickard, you, me and the others will ride to Riverrun and clear out the Lannister supporters in those lands so we can free up the Tully forces to join us." Short, clear, decisive. And would have demonstrated that Robb's story arc was one that is still worth engaging in instead of being a time to check the phone for messages. It would have also had the opportunity for Roose to pull Robb aside and say "Why not have Karstark stay here?" (so Bolton can stay close to Stark). Robb could then reply "No, I want to keep him close" Perfect set up for focus of issues to be on Karstark. So much development opportunity to be had in a very short simple sequence.Having the viewer firmly engaged in Robb is critical for the events to come. The season hangs on it.Robb told Catelyn that Bolton would keep a garrison in Harrenhal while the rest of the army marches to Riverrun. But you are right that they could have explained this better.
2191	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	Robb told Catelyn that Bolton would keep a garrison in Harrenhal while the rest of the army marches to Riverrun. But you are right that they could have explained this better.Yeah I should have explained it slightly different. To the viewer he is seen as explaining the situation to a prisoner (his mother notwithstanding) and he is not seen having the discussion with his captains. A big opportunity lost.
2192	athousandeyesand1	2013-04-12	I loved seasons 1&2 and I've read the books. I have to look at it like this. The books are the story and they always will be.If the show sucks the books are ready and waiting. The show is just another means of hearing the story. No they can't make it just like the books obviously but I truly believe they are doing the best they can with what they have. If GRRM trusts them I really have no other choice but to trust them as well.
2193	Zorral	2013-04-12	The HBO series is way too much talking heads, heads talking while nothing happens: i.e. trudging, bickering and nekkind women performing unseemly acts while the heads talk.  Unless it's Ygritte and that constantg "Jon Snow" sneer on her part, and she doesn't take off her clothes. I've come to hate her because she does nothing b but sneer "Jon Snow."
They've taken the enormous lengthy boring parts of the books and put them on the screen.
Like others said, drama per se, is missing.
It's posing against colorful or monochromatic backdrops and emoting.  Not. Interesting.
2194	Dragon greyscale	2013-04-12	If someone is willing to get lost in this world, the medium doesn't really matter. To be honest, the books are really demanding and the show simply follows suit. 
That's why I don't understand why many posters here think the show should follow the books even more. They're doing an amazing job as it is! Sure, the show is condensed here and there but the basic premise of multiple disconnected storylines (intriguing in their own right) is kept intact. Whether that approach will keep viewers' attention is a different question. I predict that the show will start losing viewers, simply because it collapses under its own weight. 
Just look at the critics; basically, most agree that the strenghth of the show(epic scope) is also its biggest weakness.
2195	wolverine	2013-04-12	If someone is willing to get lost in this world, the medium doesn't really matter. To be honest, the books are really demanding and the show simply follows suit.That's why I don't understand why many posters here think the show should follow the books even more. They're doing an amazing job as it is! Sure, the show is condensed here and there but the basic premise of multiple disconnected storylines (intriguing in their own right) is kept intact. Whether that approach will keep viewers' attention is a different question. I predict that the show will start losing viewers, simply because it collapses under its own weight.Just look at the critics; basically, most agree that the strenghth of the show(epic scope) is also its biggest weakness.The books are not really demanding.
2196	xylem	2013-04-12	Regarding people who choose not to read the books... I did that through seasons 1 and 2.  I'm a fantasy reader, but I'd somehow missed GRRM and found it really refreshing to see a show through it's own eyes without preconceived notions from having read the book.  I got to put away the ever-present critic and just go along for the ride. 
For season 1, that was great.  By the end of season 2, I was feeling irked by the things I didn't know, so I started reading.  Unfortunately, that means I've lost the "fresh/new" approach, but I don't regret lifting the veil... I was already struggling increasingly to understand character's motivations... 
And the theon stuff is new to me.... having not yet read past AFFC.
2197	xylem	2013-04-12	And based on my own experience, to the extent that the show has increasing trouble carrying it's own weight, to some degree, it will mean more and more of us on the readers forums!
(I do hope the show will bear out to the end though... it would be very disappointing if it got dropped prior to completion.  For that matter, I hope GRRM has the rest of the series drafted by this point, of he's going to have a hard time staying ahead of the show...)
2198	Joyful Union	2013-04-13	The books are not really demanding.over 4000 pages with 1000s of named characters to remember, and over 10 POV characters as of now spanning two continents. Yeah, the books are pretty demanding.
2199	Joyful Union	2013-04-13	double post
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 13 April 2013 - 03:02 AM.
2200	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-13	I watched the first two seasons before reading the books. Yes, it stands on its own.
2201	MorbidRabbit	2013-04-13	I know many non-readers (including my wife) who find the show fantastic. Of course they don't undestand everything but they really don't need to.
The only question I have been asked (several times) is "Why did Winterfell burned ?" and of course it is one of the only things which is more complex in the show than in the books !
2202	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-13	over 4000 pages with 1000s of named characters to remember, and over 10 POV characters as of now spanning two continents. Yeah, the books are pretty demanding.I'm sorry, but it's really not that demanding.Lots of characters, lots of plots, lots of symbolism, etc. but the writing itself is forward and straight to the point, the dialogue is all as simple and concise as can be, the messages and tone of each chapter is clear and plot twists are presented in a believable and not complicated way.I'm sorry, but as huge as the ASOIAF world and it's characters are, these are some of the easiest books i've ever read in terms of how smooth flowing and easy-to-understand they are. Honestly, if someone can read on a ninth grade level and remember key names(or know how to use the appendix), then these books should be no problem to any teenager or adult.
2203	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-13	The books are not really demanding.I guess this depends on what you mean. Just getting through the book and having grasped the overall story likely isn't that hard for most people (you do hear from people that stop reading because there's too many characters from time to time though). Then again I don't know if there are that many books where it's hard to get through it if you don't feel the need to get the symbolism or other complexities.To know all the characters, to have gotten and understood all subtle hints regarding mysteries, prophecies etc and so on is pretty hard though and unless you did all that on your first read, on your own, then I wouldn't go saying that it's not demanding. Can you say you've really gotten the books without getting all of that? Without getting Jon's parentage while reading the first time, without seeing how Mirri Maz Duur's words seemingly have gone from elaborate description to perhaps involuntary prophecy as soon as it started to come true etc. I don't know if you can say that (and tons of people don't get that right away, most not even until they start discussing the books).Perhaps you can say that if you have any ambition as a reader it gets more demanding.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 13 April 2013 - 08:43 AM.
2204	Dragon greyscale	2013-04-13	I'm sorry, but it's really not that demanding.Lots of characters, lots of plots, lots of symbolism, etc. but the writing itself is forward and straight to the point, the dialogue is all as simple and concise as can be, the messages and tone of each chapter is clear and plot twists are presented in a believable and not complicated way.I'm sorry, but as huge as the ASOIAF world and it's characters are, these are some of the easiest books i've ever read in terms of how smooth flowing and easy-to-understand they are. Honestly, if someone can read on a ninth grade level and remember key names(or know how to use the appendix), then these books should be no problem to any teenager or adult.You're judging it by different standards than I intended (quality instead of quantity). I'm not saying asoiaf is a literary masterpiece with innovative prose and philosophical meaning. It's just extremely expansive and, as a whole, requires a considerable (time) investment by its readers. The fact that you think the use of an appendix is 'normal' already proves this. An appendix exists because the sheer amount of information is too much to remember.But I agree that within the asoiaf world the individual narratives are easy to follow. The writing itself is pretty straightforward.
2205	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-13	You're judging it by different standards than I intended (quality instead of quantity). I'm not saying asoiaf is a literary masterpiece with innovative prose and philosophical meaning. It's just extremely expansive and, as a whole, requires a considerable (time) investment by its readers. The fact that you think the use of an appendix is 'normal' already proves this. An appendix exists because the sheer amount of information is too much to remember.But I agree that within the asoiaf world the individual narratives are easy to follow. The writing itself is pretty straightforward.Oh okay then, I misunderstood what you were saying originally then.I know various people who refuse to read the books, but watch the show, refuse to read the books because "MAN THAT SHIT SOUNDS LIKE IT'D BE SO HARD, I COULD BARELY GET THROUGH FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING MAN" and I think it's a misconception amongst show-only fans that since the universe and it's characters are all complicated as fuck, that obviously that means the writing is hard to follow and filled with big words and stuff like that.But when it comes to the size of the world. I really guess it depends on whether or not you can get into this. I wouldn't say the ASOIAF world is any more or any less difficult to grasp than say... the Millennium series(Girl with the Dragon Tattoo) or the Bourne Identity trilogy or Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas. *shrugs* it's all about what fantasy settings individual people are easy at grasping, I know personally, I can't really grasp ANY sci-fi space-exploration esque fantasy unless it's in an anime format(Trigun, Cowboy Bebop) because I just... can't sit down and read those kinds of books, or find any enjoyment in Star Wars or Star Trek, etc.
2206	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-14	More or less. I know a couple of people who REALLY enjoy it without having read the books, but I'm not sure I would. 
Then again, if I had zero idea about what went down in the novels (and the changes made to them), I'd probably appreciate the show more.
2207	mafalda	2013-04-14	I read all the books and I would have to agree with those who say it's a little demanding. I've read A LOT of books, but these were definitely the most challenging. The length doesn't bother me at all, the longer the better in my eyes! But the number of characters, and the fact that GRRM can get TOO descriptive at times (I don't want to read pages and pages of how a castle looks) can be slightly overwhelming. Also, I did struggle with some chapters, like Bran, Sansa (only in book 4), and Brienne, because I felt like I was waiting for something to happen. They are great books, they're actually my favorite, but I doubt I will be rereading them anytime soon, except for a DwD because I flew through that and feel as if I missed some things.
2208	kephv	2013-04-14	It's a good show. Though I don't think it's anywhere near as good as some critics are making it out to be. Depending on how well they pull off season 3, my opinion may very well change. Judging from the first two episodes, though, I doubt it.
2209	Sun	2013-04-14	To be honest, the books are really demanding...The books are not at all demanding.
2210	Masamune	2013-04-14	If people think ASOIAF is demanding they've clearly never read the Prince of Nothing series.
2211	shiola	2013-04-14	I believe it depends on the person, and how much effort they put into it.  If they rewatch and rewatch, sure.  But I have a friend who does not rewatch and he has me explain things to him every week.  He gets it once I remind him of certain characters, though.
It's just a lot of detail-- much more than the average television show has.  Some can follow this, some cannot.
2212	shiola	2013-04-14	The books are not at all demanding.I actually think they are, but I'm not a reader so that could be why.  Other than Harry Potter, ASOIAF are the only books I've read for pleasure.  I didn't understand a lot of it after my first read.  I couldn't keep track of the houses and their loyalties, the history, the names, the places, all of that.  On the re-read everything made more sense.  But they were hard for me to get through the first time around, and I definitely needed help from towerofthehand and the wiki.Detail-oriented people and people who are good with names can pick stuff up on the first time, I'm sure.  But I couldn't, and a lot of my friends who plan on reading the series probably won't finish it or they will be needing a lot of help to get through it.  I've never before heard someone who has finished the series say it's "not at all demanding".  This series takes effort.  I believe for 99% of people this book is, at the very least, a little demanding.
2213	wolverine	2013-04-14	Regarding people who choose not to read the books... I did that through seasons 1 and 2.  I'm a fantasy reader, but I'd somehow missed GRRM and found it really refreshing to see a show through it's own eyes without preconceived notions from having read the book.  I got to put away the ever-present critic and just go along for the ride.For season 1, that was great.  By the end of season 2, I was feeling irked by the things I didn't know, so I started reading.  Unfortunately, that means I've lost the "fresh/new" approach, but I don't regret lifting the veil... I was already struggling increasingly to understand character's motivations...And the theon stuff is new to me.... having not yet read past AFFC.Yeah.  I always wonder if I want the book to spoil a movie for me or not, or how the experience would be different for me if I had not read the book first.  One of the only movie-book combos where I read the book after seeing the movie was The Count of Monte Cristo and I really liked both of them.  But they are very different after the first half or so.I often wonder what I would think of the show if I had not been reading the books for over 10 years.I read all the books and I would have to agree with those who say it's a little demanding. I've read A LOT of books, but these were definitely the most challenging. The length doesn't bother me at all, the longer the better in my eyes! But the number of characters, and the fact that GRRM can get TOO descriptive at times (I don't want to read pages and pages of how a castle looks) can be slightly overwhelming. Also, I did struggle with some chapters, like Bran, Sansa (only in book 4), and Brienne, because I felt like I was waiting for something to happen. They are great books, they're actually my favorite, but I doubt I will be rereading them anytime soon, except for a DwD because I flew through that and feel as if I missed some things.I don't know if anyone said it was a "little demanding."  Some said it was really demanding and another defended that statement.  That is what I disagreed with.  It is probably a "little demanding" due to the amount of characters and story lines going on at once.  I do not think that the foreshadowing, prophesying, subtleties, or other interesting and complex elements really make it more demanding because someone can immensely enjoy the books without being able to decipher any of that.  They may make a reader appreciate the books more though, even if you don't figure everything out on your own.So, I would stick to my original statement that they are not really demanding.
2214	wolverine	2013-04-14	I guess this depends on what you mean. Just getting through the book and having grasped the overall story likely isn't that hard for most people (you do hear from people that stop reading because there's too many characters from time to time though). Then again I don't know if there are that many books where it's hard to get through it if you don't feel the need to get the symbolism or other complexities.To know all the characters, to have gotten and understood all subtle hints regarding mysteries, prophecies etc and so on is pretty hard though and unless you did all that on your first read, on your own, then I wouldn't go saying that it's not demanding. Can you say you've really gotten the books without getting all of that? Without getting Jon's parentage while reading the first time, without seeing how Mirri Maz Duur's words seemingly have gone from elaborate description to perhaps involuntary prophecy as soon as it started to come true etc. I don't know if you can say that (and tons of people don't get that right away, most not even until they start discussing the books).Perhaps you can say that if you have any ambition as a reader it gets more demanding.There are tons of them.
2215	I'm_Tim	2013-04-14	Of course the show stands on it's own. The ratings are great and the majority of viewers aren't book readers. The only people overly critical of the show are obssessive complainers who merely watch the show to find fallacies to cry about. In my own experience, I know dozens who follow the show and 4 people that have actually read the books. The people who haven't read the books aren't having any problem keeping up and prefer to not talk about it. Actually, despite reading the books twice, the show has been a pretty good aide in understanding aspects of the book more clearly.
					
					
							Edited by I'm_Tim, 14 April 2013 - 06:00 PM.
2216	mafalda	2013-04-14	Yeah.  I always wonder if I want the book to spoil a movie for me or not, or how the experience would be different for me if I had not read the book first.  One of the only movie-book combos where I read the book after seeing the movie was The Count of Monte Cristo and I really liked both of them.  But they are very different after the first half or so.I often wonder what I would think of the show if I had not been reading the books for over 10 years.I don't know if anyone said it was a "little demanding."  Some said it was really demanding and another defended that statement.  That is what I disagreed with.  It is probably a "little demanding" due to the amount of characters and story lines going on at once.  I do not think that the foreshadowing, prophesying, subtleties, or other interesting and complex elements really make it more demanding because someone can immensely enjoy the books without being able to decipher any of that.  They may make a reader appreciate the books more though, even if you don't figure everything out on your own.So, I would stick to my original statement that they are not really demanding.A little or a lot, I think the general consensus is that they can be a demanding read. I listed why I personally thought reading ASOIAF was demanding, with certain POVs I found boring, or the fact that GRRM can tend to go on and on with his descriptions. Wether we agree that they are challenging (or a little or a lot demanding /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) we can ALL agree that they are great books!...Right?I actually think they are, but I'm not a reader so that could be why.  Other than Harry Potter, ASOIAF are the only books I've read for pleasure.  I didn't understand a lot of it after my first read.  I couldn't keep track of the houses and their loyalties, the history, the names, the places, all of that.  On the re-read everything made more sense.  But they were hard for me to get through the first time around, and I definitely needed help from towerofthehand and the wiki.Detail-oriented people and people who are good with names can pick stuff up on the first time, I'm sure.  But I couldn't, and a lot of my friends who plan on reading the series probably won't finish it or they will be needing a lot of help to get through it.  I've never before heard someone who has finished the series say it's "not at all demanding".  This series takes effort.  I believe for 99% of people this book is, at the very least, a little demanding.Vis, I love your avatar! I had to look twice! And I know what you mean with help from the websites. I had to continually check awoiaf.westeros.org for help on understanding the Houses and whatnot. Looking at the list of characters on there can be overwhelming! I'm awful with names and I had to keep going to check who a certain person was, especially if they weren't listed in the appendix the books have.
2217	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	I've talked to many people on many forums who purposefully CHOSE not to read the books, but instead watch the show and that alone.This is hilarious to me because a lot of it is like "wah I don't have time to read books"... but you have time to watch over 20 hours of a television show? Most likely twice, since EVERYONE has watched Game of Thrones through at least twice? "To be fair, I do think reading the books is significantly more time consuming unless you're like me and watch the episodes 10-20 times each.To give an example I've listened to all the audiobooks and, because they are unabridged, they are about 40-50 hours each.  That's like 80+ hours for the first 2 books.  We probably read silently faster than we read aloud but still I think it takes way more time to read the books than to watch the shows.
2218	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-14	Yes. I think it is. All you need is an adequate attention span and a decent memory for all the characters/story arcs.
2219	wolverine	2013-04-14	Since he is DVR'ing it for me, my brother and his wife both started watching the show from the beginning.  They both like it, but are a bit confused as to who all the characters are.
2220	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-14	To be fair, I do think reading the books is significantly more time consuming unless you're like me and watch the episodes 10-20 times each.To give an example I've listened to all the audiobooks and, because they are unabridged, they are about 40-50 hours each.  That's like 80+ hours for the first 2 books.  We probably read silently faster than we read aloud but still I think it takes way more time to read the books than to watch the shows.Really? I can read A Game of Thrones in three days, tops. I must be a pretty fast reader. Because twenty hours of TV seems like SO MUCH MORE than twenty hours of reading,
2221	Batman	2013-04-16	Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to watch these last two seasons fresh, having not read the books. Would I still be sitting there annoyed? Probably, just because it seems so choppy. But I would not miss scenes that were cut or wonder why they put pointless scenes in.
2222	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	yes, definetly... I had that feeling yesterday when I watched episode 3; they showed Edmure and Brynden at the beginning; later they introduced the Blackfish properly, but in the entire episode nobody pronounced Edmure's name, and I believe many people are still asking themselves who is that really bad archer and what's his role
non to mention the whole Theon/Ramsay thing
2223	wolverine	2013-04-19	Really? I can read A Game of Thrones in three days, tops. I must be a pretty fast reader. Because twenty hours of TV seems like SO MUCH MORE than twenty hours of reading,3 days is 72 hours.  Without knowing how much you are reading a day, just saying 3 days is kind of meaningless.  But yes, it sounds like you are probably a pretty fast reader.If I had to estimate I would think I am around 15 hours for an ASOIF books, which is longer than watching a season.
2224	l3ol3o	2013-04-20	I don't think the show stands on it's own. I know 3 people that watch the show and haven't read the books. Two of them are my Mom and Dad. After each episode my Mom calls me and asks a thousand questions. My Dad is lost as hell no matter what and just watches because my Mom watches. Then I have a friend at work whos asks a million questions also. All 3 refuse to read the books because they aren't readers and don't have the time. 
They all admit that without me explaining things to them they would be completely lost.
For non readers, most don't know a damn thing about RR. They know nothing about the Targs or the History of Westeros. They have no idea who fights for who or where the characters are. Relations are even harder. And things like Warging and green dreams? Forget it. They are just to hard to show in a TV show.
Unless you are paying VERY close attention it's very easy to miss things and become completely lost. Now with the show changing more and more things I think it's going to be even harder to follow. There are just WAY to many characters to follow for the average casual viewer. I know at the start of S3 my Mom had forgotten who the hell half the characters were. She forgot Davos completely.
2225	Khal Porno	2013-04-21	She forgot Davos completely?? I'm sorry dude but it doesn't sound like your mom is terribly invested in the show.  People who watch the show and pay attention can follow it just fine, and people who just casually watch it can still enjoy the broad strokes of it.
You could just as easily say casual book readers can't follow the books because of how complex they are.
2226	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	I was discussing this with someone after the second episode, and we were realizing how confusing this show has become for non-readers. It's almost becoming merely something to accompany the books, so that fans can see their favorite characters/events unfold on screen. I kind of feel like this happened with the Harry Potter books ... like, I can't imagine non-readers fully understanding or appreciating the later movies w/o having read the books.Do you think Game of Thrones is heading down this path? Or is it already there? Or do people not care and simply follow for their favorite characters no matter how confused they are? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />It's funny you should ask, because I was just thinking this.
2227	Khal Porno	2013-04-21	I never read the Harry Potter books, but I understood the movies just fine.  I'm sure I didn't know all the little backstories and whatnot, but I never thought "I don't understand what's happening!! These movies are confusing!!"
EDIT:  And I thought the fifth one was the best of the series.  I assume that one counts as one of the "later" ones.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 21 April 2013 - 06:00 PM.
2228	protar	2013-04-26	I never read the Harry Potter books, but I understood the movies just fine.  I'm sure I didn't know all the little backstories and whatnot, but I never thought "I don't understand what's happening!! These movies are confusing!!"EDIT:  And I thought the fifth one was the best of the series.  I assume that one counts as one of the "later" ones.You must have had a book reading friend to explain the two-way mirror in the last two films then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But yeah I think that the show certainly stands on it's own, as the TWOP forums attest to. Dedicated fans can figure things out. Even my rather unobservant mother can figure out what's going on.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 26 April 2013 - 03:01 PM.
2229	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-08	Do you think Joffrey's crossbow could be the crossbow Tyrion uses to murder Tywin?
I think Tywin may confiscate it off Joffrey at some point.
2230	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-09	As soon as I saw Joff with his new crossbow, bragging about it, I suspected that it would be the one Tyrion uses on Big Bad Daddio.  Tywin doesn't even necessarily have to confiscate it, just have it as a keepsake of his adoring grandson.   That reminds me, I hope we do get scenes of Joff putting down Tywin, in comparison to Robert.  Tyrion enjoyed that, I think I would, too, on film.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 09 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
2231	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	Could be, unimportant to me though- as long aa it happes the way it does in the books.
2232	Sun	2013-04-09	Yes. I'll even bet on it.
2233	Great Winter Knight	2013-04-09	Mayhaps, but what is the karmic meaning of Jeoffs crossbow being used by Tyrion?
2234	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-09	My first thought, especially with the no cocking element.
2235	Igziabeher	2013-04-09	Off topic but I thought the boars head he shot could've been the same boar that killed Robert.
2236	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-09	Off topic but I thought the boars head he shot could've been the same boar that killed Robert.That's what I thought, too.  Lawd knows, Cersei would have done that.  My daughter gets a laugh out of how fond she has become of boar since Robert's death, LOL
2237	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-11	The thought had crossed my mind, aye. I wonder if Tywin will end up confiscating it from Joffrey at some point. It'll become Chekhov's crossbow /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Ser Dermett Corbray, 11 April 2013 - 09:12 AM.
2238	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-11	It totally will be.
2239	Eogh	2013-04-11	That's a funny thought, I hope so. More importantly though, they need some scenes with Joff and Tywin, two of the best actors in the series. The scene mentioned above where Joffrey criticizes his grandpa and just gets totally owned would be fantastic. Hopefully they put a couple more in as well, the same way they've done it with Joff and Cersei.
2240	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-11	Good point about introducing the novel loading mechanism.  Why bother, unless the crossbow now becomes easier to load for a certain individual?
2241	queenbeesteph	2013-04-13	Didn't even think about that... but now that you say it - DUH, on my part! Yes, of course!
2242	Dove	2013-04-13	Hah, Chekhov's crossbow. I like it.
I love the idea of Cersei being fond of the boar that killed Robert and immortalizing it in such a way, too. That's so Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 13 April 2013 - 10:03 PM.
2243	Ser Luke.	2013-04-14	It might be, you have to admit that would be kinda funny.
2244	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-14	The thought had crossed my mind, aye. I wonder if Tywin will end up confiscating it from Joffrey at some point. It'll become Chekhov's crossbow /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Why does he need to confiscate it? 
	Spoiler  Joffrey is dead when Tyrion takes it from his father's chambers
2245	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-14	Why does he need to confiscate it? 
	Spoiler  Joffrey is dead when Tyrion takes it from his father's chambers
He doesn't need to. I just imagined him doing it because he gets a bit pissy with him later on.So sounds like we're all in favour of this idea. Come on D&D - make it happen!
2246	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	He doesn't need to. I just imagined him doing it because he gets a bit pissy with him later on.I do think it would be awesome for that crossbow to be used for it later on, and I think it will happen.I highly doubt however that it would be confiscated rather than received as WiDMNDBhe'AMMD mentions. Joff is the epitomy of arrogance and deslusion when it comes to power and i doubt he'd give his precious new bow to his grandfather because he was told to, if you see how he's acting up to his mother already.
2247	lizziebeth	2013-04-19	My first thought on the crossbow was thinking that it will be used to kill Tywin as well. 
Also, for whoever mentioned the boar's head being the boar that killed Robert, in the HBO GO interactive features, it confirmed that it IS the same boar.
2248	Roose Seal	2013-04-19	Oh Man yeah they so need a Joff/Tywin scene.
But yes, that crossbow is definitely ending up in Tyrion's hands.
2249	teemo	2013-04-07	Let's play spot the book deviations and what we liked and didn't like?
Jon Snow monologue
Shae is really, really jealous
Olenna is awesome but I feel like they made her a little less witty....I almost feel like they're scared of being accused of copying the Dowager Countess (even though this book was way before that).
Shae and Sansa friendship. They are obviously tying that together with Littlefinger and Ros to make sense of all them. 
The only book change that I seriously really hated in this episode is Cat's monologue.  Not really a big fan of the focus on the supposedly strained relationship between Joffrey and Cersei either.
In good news, we don't know exactly what went down with Ramsay/Theon at the beginning, so I'm looking forward to that the most at this point.
2250	Perin Stone	2013-04-07	Catelyn's "I prayed for Jon Snow" is inexcusable.
2251	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-07	Catelyn's "I prayed for Jon Snow" is inexcusable.Not really, she prayed for him to die, then prayed for him to live, then treated him like shit anyway, fits her perfectily
2252	Tooms	2013-04-07	Catelyn's "I prayed for Jon Snow" is inexcusable.
	Spoiler Are they just setting up Cat to be more sympathetic and kind and soft, so that when she is ressurected she's even more of a cold hearted b*****
2253	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-07	Combining Tom o Sevens and Thoros is not cool
2254	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Rickon going off without Asha is different. Also a bit weird that they're all like ok no problem he'll be fine lol.
2255	Francis Buck	2013-04-07	I liked Jojen and Meera's intro in the show a lot more than the books. It just made them seem more enigmatic, more powerful, and more important overall.
Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily  but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 07 April 2013 - 09:40 PM.
2256	Cravensbayne	2013-04-07	Rickon going off without Asha is different. Also a bit weird that they're all like ok no problem he'll be fine lol.Did he just leave.... For good? I hope he is just looking for some berries or something like that.
2257	Fat Mac	2013-04-07	I liked Jojen and Meera's intro in the show a lot more than the books. It just made them seem more enigmatic, more powerful, and more important overall.Catelyn's story about Jon was...weird. It doesn't bother me, necessarily  but it was definitely a strange addition. It's one of those instances (like Dany's vision of the Iron Throne destroyed and covered in snow) where I feel like the showrunners know important things about the end of the series, and thus are purposely foreshadowing events that the book readers could have no inkling to. I really don't think they just make up random shit like that for the sake of it (though that's how many book readers seem to feel).I agree with this more or less. I really liked the Reed intro, and I'm actually glad they saved it for now.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Motte, 07 April 2013 - 09:46 PM.
2258	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	Rickon going off without Asha is different. Also a bit weird that they're all like ok no problem he'll be fine lol.Yeah that was a bit odd... but I guess he is going hunting or something with the wolves? Trying to emphasize Rickon's wildness?
2259	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	no bloody mummers, to state the obvious.
The Hound rather than Harwin reveals Arya.  Makes more sense, laws of casting conservation and less confusion to viewers.
2260	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-07	I do not recall that scene between Margery and Joffrey in the bedroom in the books. Was it there?
2261	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	I do not recall that scene between Margery and Joffrey in the bedroom in the books. Was it there?Nope, no POV to show it.
2262	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	I do not recall that scene between Margery and Joffrey in the bedroom in the books. Was it there?No.I'm still not over the scene with Cat and Talisa.
2263	Craven Mummer	2013-04-07	I thought Jojen was going to mention the TOJ when Howland Reed's name came up fighting with Ned in Robert's rebellion.
					
					
							Edited by Craven Mummer, 07 April 2013 - 10:08 PM.
2264	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	-Cat feelings/thoughts about Jon
-The way Arya meets the BWB and the Hound (that's okay)
-Shae warning Sansa about PB and telling it to Tyrion, and she being jealous of Tyrion's other women
-Joffrey and Margaery getting along
-How Theon getting tortured
-Late Reeds introduction (that's okay, too)
2265	scurvy	2013-04-07	Why did Jojen say he was just like Bran?
Green Dreamers and Green Seers are quite different.  And it's Jojen who explains it Bran in the books, so why not right here when they had the chance.
I really wanted to see a big fat fool dancing on the table doing a handstand and signing the Bear and the Maiden Fair.  
WTF, Brienne didn't even hurt the Kingslayer.  A little nick on the leg would have been nice.  They're fncking swords; people get sliced and stabbed.
2266	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I really hope they have Meera tell the story of the KotLT to Bran. 
And also I may have been wrong, Rickon probably just wildly ran off for a bit. The purpose of that was to show Bran warging and have Jojen see it.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 07 April 2013 - 10:10 PM.
2267	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-07	I mentioned this elsewhere, but Cat and Robb thinking Bran and Rickon may have run off instead of being dead. It's such a big plot point that everyone believes Bran and Rickon are dead. OK, they already messed up Cat's reasoning for letting Jaime go, but then at the RW, Robb's essentially her only child left, when they make Robb's will, they think the boys are dead, Tyrion marries Sansa because she's Robb's heir, Boltons pull Fake Arya because she's the heir to Winterfell.
ETA - It was mentioned that Theon killed all the ravens and that's why word didn't get out of their deaths. But, Robb received word from the Boltons, right? In tonight's ep, I mean.
					
					
							Edited by MyLittleDirewolf, 07 April 2013 - 10:12 PM.
2268	DolorousKim	2013-04-07	Pretty much every scene except for the Queen of Thorns introduction was a deviation from the book.  Not all, or even many, of the deviations were necessarily bad (for example, I'd argue that the Jojen Reed comes off much better in the show than in the book, where he became annoying to me rather quickly), but deviations certainly abound in nearly every scene.
2269	SerMixalot	2013-04-07	No robb only received word that winterfell was burned by the Iron Islanders
2270	BananaSpice	2013-04-07	I wonder why Robb didn't receive word that Bran and Rickon were dead ... maybe the Boltons just didn't find out about the fake deaths.
2271	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-07	I guess I'll just throw in a very minor one - they got the Bolton colors wrong.
This only stuck out to me because I love their red and pink.
2272	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	I wonder why Robb didn't receive word that Bran and Rickon were dead ... maybe the Boltons just didn't find out about the fake deaths.Maybe Theon did not confess yet to his torturer. We'll see how he'll reveal this to Ramsay.
2273	scurvy	2013-04-07	I'm not sure why when Osha had her spear to Jojen's neck he didn't say, "this isn't the day that I die."  It's a new scene, but why not throw something to the book readers.
2274	Ampris	2013-04-07	Why is no one complaining about how much of a pussy they made Arya?
2275	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	I wonder why Robb didn't receive word that Bran and Rickon were dead ... maybe the Boltons just didn't find out about the fake deaths.Because only the Ironborn and those inside of Winterfell (who are all dead) knew about this. (at least within the way things went down on the show, which was different)
2276	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	Why is no one complaining about how much of a pussy they made Arya?She wasn't a pussy, she tried to fight a grown man.Thoros was a melee champion.  Even book Arya would have gotten splatted if that fight happened.  It's consistent with the logic of the books.
2277	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Why is no one complaining about how much of a pussy they made Arya?She draws a sword on a well experienced and renowned fighter. What is an 11 year old girl supposed to beat him? I like that they're not going with the super deadly pre-pubescent girl thing until her story is fleshed out.
2278	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	Why is no one complaining about how much of a pussy they made Arya?Not nice to call a girl like that.She draws a sword on a well experienced and renowned fighter. What is an 11 year old girl supposed to beat him? I like that they're not going with the super deadly pre-pubescent girl thing until her story is fleshed out.Agree.
2279	Ampris	2013-04-07	She draws a sword on a well experienced and renowned fighter. What is an 11 year old girl supposed to beat him? I like that they're not going with the super deadly pre-pubescent girl thing until her story is fleshed out.No, not beat him - but maybe at least show a SINGLE water dancer move before having the sword knocked out of her hand. And then she just... gave up. Arya is pretty stubborn in the books, even if it got her in trouble she would have tried to attack him again.
2280	scurvy	2013-04-07	No, not beat him - but maybe at least show a SINGLE water dancer move before having the sword knocked out of her hand. And then she just... gave up. Arya is pretty stubborn in the books, even if it got her in trouble she would have tried to attack him again.It's a longsword.  It's damn heavy and she's holding it one handed.  I'm surprised she could hold it up at all.
2281	scurvy	2013-04-07	Margaery was announced as Lady Tyrell.  She is no such thing.  Her mother is Lady Tyrell.  She is Lady Margaery.  Subtle distiction, but poorly handled.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 07 April 2013 - 10:46 PM.
2282	teemo	2013-04-07	lol, I also thought Arya acted a little silly in that scene as well.  It's been awhile since my last re-read, but I distinctly remember Arya seriously realizing she was out of her league when she saw Anguy shoot an arrow.  She was like, "oh shit."  Drawing a sword like that was goofy.  Not only that, but when Arya draws a sword she means business...here she kind of wimped out...
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 07 April 2013 - 10:50 PM.
2283	Jolene Brown	2013-04-07	I just don't understand the Bran/Rickon thing.  It is SO important.  I wonder if they just feel like it's too dark and depressing?  It gives such meaning and significance to what happens at the RW.  Cat has lost everything (at this point she's totally given up on Sansa) and Robb, her last hope, dies before her eyes.  It is not the same for Bran/Rickon to be missing.  Also, the plot implications with the fear of Sansa inheriting Winterfell are incredibly important.  Again, it's just not quite the same for them simply to be missing.  It takes away the gut-wrenchingness of it all.
Also, I know he doesn't do that much, but I just don't understand why they didn't cast Harwin.  Arya coming across someone from the North and feeling betrayed by him, especially when he chases her down when she tried to escape, was such an important part of her storyline for me.  And the little references to Winterfell and Ned/Jon - that stuff really had resonance!  They could have given him the Ned Dayne stuff in addition to his own.  It just baffles me.  It seems like such an obvious choice.  I didn't know how much I would miss the character until they left him out.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 07 April 2013 - 10:53 PM.
2284	Ampris	2013-04-07	It's a longsword.  It's damn heavy and she's holding it one handed.  I'm surprised she could hold it up at all.What do you think all the training with heavier wooden swords was for? Yes, it was intended for Needle - but she never got to that point before having to leave Syrio and KL. The point was to be so used to heavier blades so that Needle would feel like nothing.
2285	StannisWins	2013-04-07	Somebody just called a little girl a pussy because she lost a sword fight to a 6 foot tall man.
That is absolutely unhinged. 
This forum has officially jumped the shark.
2286	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	What do you think all the training with heavier wooden swords was for? Yes, it was intended for Needle - but she never got to that point before having to leave Syrio and KL. The point was to be so used to heavier blades so that Needle would feel like nothing.So, do you think ANY version of Arya should be able to do anything against a Melee champion?  It would be unrealistic and silly both in the books and on screen.It showed that Arya will fight anybody, and serves to provide characterization.If she had whooped Thoros, it would be like one of those silly "3 ninjas" movies where little kids beat up on physically able adults.
2287	Frumpus	2013-04-07	Why is no one complaining about how much of a pussy they made Arya?Because we're not angry deranged nerds who are upset that Arya isn't like the book Arya
2288	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Combining Tom o Sevens and Thoros is not coolWell I didn't like the fact that they combine them as well, but in the other hand I loved Paul Kaye performance and I believe that he will make Thoros one of the favorite characters specially among non-readers.Rickon going off without Asha is different. Also a bit weird that they're all like ok no problem he'll be fine lol.Well I didn't get the feeling at the moment that he was going for good, I mean, I thought that he was just going for a walk and Bran send the wolves with him to protect him, but if he did go off without Asha, I will hate it, because it's nonsense to send a small boy away without anyone saying anything about it.Why did Jojen say he was just like Bran?Green Dreamers and Green Seers are quite different.  And it's Jojen who explains it Bran in the books, so why not right here when they had the chance.I was expecting some better explanation as well, but maybe it will happen in another episode, well at least I hope so.I really wanted to see a big fat fool dancing on the table doing a handstand and signing the Bear and the Maiden Fair.Really missed the Bear and the Maiden Fair too. Also found strange that Thoros was singing the Rains of Castamere.No, not beat him - but maybe at least show a SINGLE water dancer move before having the sword knocked out of her hand. And then she just... gave up. Arya is pretty stubborn in the books, even if it got her in trouble she would have tried to attack him again.Well I was surprised with the fact that she could handle the sword in one hand, I mean that's was really amazing enough for a girl in her age. In the other hand I got the feeling that Maisie Williams was not very good in the scenes, I mean didn't like her too much in this scene as I liked her during the previous seasons.
2289	Ampris	2013-04-07	Somebody just called a little girl a pussy because she lost a sword fight to a 6 foot tall man.That is absolutely unhinged.This forum has officially jumped the shark.If you look at what I said, my point was that she should have been able to do something other than have the sword knocked out of her hand immediately. I also was referring to the general toning down of her character over the past two seasons but this episode really took it to another level.ETA: I also found it completely against character that she told Gendry and Hot Pie about Jaqen getting them out of Harrenhal. That really bothered me because Arya would have known about the need for secrecy. She doesn't just go blab everything that happens.
					
					
							Edited by Ampris, 07 April 2013 - 11:04 PM.
2290	StannisWins	2013-04-07	If you look at what I said, my point was that she should have been able to do something other than have the sword knocked out of her hand immediately. I also was referring to the general toning down of her character over the past two seasons but this episode really took it to another level.The entire point of the scene was that she is brave, but still has a lot to learn. Again, she is a little girl. A LITTLE GIRL.
2291	Ampris	2013-04-07	The entire point of the scene was that she is brave, but still has a lot to learn. Again, she is a little girl. A LITTLE GIRL.The point of this thread is book deviations. Yes she's a little girl. But that little girl in the books has done a lot of arguably awful - but the opposite of pussy - things. Show Arya barely even resembles book Arya. Some people like that, but I'm not one of them. Arya is one of my favorite book characters and they are leaving out an awful lot of the situations and events that make her who she is and shape her character.
2292	StannisWins	2013-04-07	Honestly, calling her a pussy is very immature and low brow. Not really worth having any more of a conversation if you're going to use language like that.
2293	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	Margaery was announced as Lady Tyrell.  She is no such thing.  Her mother is Lady Tyrell.  She is Lady Margaery.  Subtle distiction, but poorly handled.maybe she's Lady Tyrell when her mother isn't around. (was she around? my stream died...)
2294	Ampris	2013-04-07	Honestly, calling her a pussy is very immature and low brow. Not really worth having any more of a conversation if you're going to use language like that.Probably should have said that before your multiple replies.
2295	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	Somebody just called a little girl a pussy because she lost a sword fight to a 6 foot tall man.That is absolutely unhinged.This forum has officially jumped the shark.lol seriously though people..... calm down. the changes have mostly been irrelevant so far:instead of having to pay an actor to play tom o sevens, just make thoros sing. tomo o sevens will be important for later on in Riverrun in season 4/5arya... is like 13 in the show she will get to the more grim parts of her story when that time comes but for now its all about her journeybran and rickon not being dead makes sense because they weren't found dead or alive due to the different circumstances in the show and its still tragic regardless but softens the blow in a way I mean some shit is going to go down later on..I'm really looking forward to how they are going to do the Reek part
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 07 April 2013 - 11:37 PM.
2296	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	You know what's bugging me? Last season, Yara tells Theon that the entire North wants to see him hang for killing the Stark boys. So why hasn't Robb received the news yet? It's a plot hole they should have amended by now.
EDIT: Never mind. Theon killed all the ravens in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 07 April 2013 - 11:38 PM.
2297	congokong	2013-04-07	I don't have the energy anymore to nitpick over the changes. There are too many.
2298	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-07	You know what's bugging me? Last season, Yara tells Theon that the entire North wants to see him hang for killing the Stark boys. So why hasn't Robb received the news yet? It's a plot hole they should have amended by now.EDIT: Never mind. Theon killed all the ravens in the show.That or she was bluffing.
2299	wolverine	2013-04-07	Does Arya not have needle anymore?  I just wish she had to kill a guard(s) to escape Harrenhall.
2300	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	Does Arya not have needle anymore?  I just wish she had to kill a guard(s) to escape Harrenhall.Polliver took it when she was captured by Amory Lorch's men
2301	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	I thought Jojen was going to mention the TOJ when Howland Reed's name came up fighting with Ned in Robert's rebellion.Ya this kinda troubled me. TOJ kept popping up several times in GoT and wasn't mentioned at all in the S1. When Jojen said Howland cried and stuff I was like THEY'RE FINALLY GONNA TALK ABOUT IT! Then nothing... Now it's breaking my heart because I believe in the R+L = J theory and the fact that they haven't mentioned TOJ, which is the basis for the theory.If Weiss and Benioff know about who sired Jon, and it is R+J=L, then why not throw a hint out there?
2302	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	There is still time for Jojen and Bran to talk about their fathers
2303	queenbeesteph	2013-04-08	The grouping together of characters (Ros, Thoros/Tom o Sevens, etc...) and the story changes, additions, subtractions and all sometimes bother me, but I understand about how much it costs to film in Iceland and Morocco etc.. and paying,costuming people and all that... but what makes me REALLY okay with everything is the fact that Mr. Martin is involved, and since it is his work, I figure it all as enhancement for his story that he wants us to have.
2304	Pallantides	2013-04-08	It's a longsword.  It's damn heavy and she's holding it one handed.  I'm surprised she could hold it up at all.No it's not. It would have been little over 1.5 to 2 pounds. If her sword needle was to be a proper sword to do its job well (stab and kill people), it would not have weighed anything significantly less than that either.
2305	Joyful Union	2013-04-08	No it's not. It would have been little over 1.5 to 2 pounds. If her sword needle was to be a proper sword to do its job well (stab and kill people), it would not have weighed anything significantly less than that either.Umm no? A medieval longsword would not weigh 1.5 to 2 pounds! And needle is more like a dagger in a case, very small
2306	Pallantides	2013-04-08	Umm no? A medieval longsword would not weigh 1.5 to 2 pounds! And needle is more like a dagger in a case, very smallUm, yes a medieval longsword would weigh 1.5 to 2 pounds. I suggest you do some serious research on it. All swords, whether they be longswords to rapiers (which is what needle was, and should be), did not normally go above 2.2 pounds in weight (there are exceptions, but even then the range is pretty much about 1.5 to 2 pounds, possibly 3 in some cases).The most swords would go up to is possibly 5 pounds, and those are exceptionally large swords, wielded by only the strongest men who are most experienced with weaponry, and even then those swords were only used for a specific purpose and were not at all common on medieval battlefields. Those being great swords, utilized for helping to break pike formations.
					
					
							Edited by Pallantides, 08 April 2013 - 01:21 AM.
2307	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-08	It no one else concerned that Jojen told Bran that the three eyed crow was him?  That better not mean that they're leaving out a certain tree person.
2308	JMJ	2013-04-08	Is Rickon really out of the picture, or is he just off for a jaunt? "His wolf will protect him" or something like that? So now Osha will stay with the gang?
					
					
							Edited by Jam Maester Jay, 08 April 2013 - 11:59 AM.
2309	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	If you look at what I said, my point was that she should have been able to do something other than have the sword knocked out of her hand immediately. I also was referring to the general toning down of her character over the past two seasons but this episode really took it to another level.ETA: I also found it completely against character that she told Gendry and Hot Pie about Jaqen getting them out of Harrenhal. That really bothered me because Arya would have known about the need for secrecy. She doesn't just go blab everything that happens.There's an important character difference between Thoros and Arya here, that foreshadows her future progress: Killing intent.Thoros is a melee champion, and even if we said he never stepped up to war, it's likely he's killed a couple men in his melees, and likely quickly if he's a champion. Arya has killed how many who could face against her? Has practiced her speed and matching the killing intent against how many foes?Still, it did wound my Arya pride when she was beat so easy, but I understood it and appreciated its implications.
2310	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-04-08	Lol, no. 
They're just letting him run around.
D & D, I think mentioned that they're going a bit slower with Arya's sociopathic degeneration. I think they'll hold off until after the RW where she kind of breaks a little.
2311	A Winters Summer	2013-04-08	It no one else concerned that Jojen told Bran that the three eyed crow was him?  That better not mean that they're leaving out a certain tree person.I caught that too, I hope they don't leave that certain person out later in the series. Maybe the're combining the raven and the "winged wolf" together? This could still leave an introduction for BR; Jojen never actually said your The last greenseer.
2312	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	Why did Jojen say he was just like Bran?Green Dreamers and Green Seers are quite different.  And it's Jojen who explains it Bran in the books, so why not right here when they had the chance.WTF, Brienne didn't even hurt the Kingslayer.  A little nick on the leg would have been nice.  They're fncking swords; people get sliced and stabbed.I thought Bran asked Jojen if he had "the sight" which he does and Bran does too which is what I'm guessing they're going to call "greendreams" for the show. Jojen doesn't claim to be a greenseer or a warg, he calls the three eyed crow "something deeper"I believe the show will probably explain it more as Jojen tries to teach Bran how to control Summer while he's awake.There's a long way before they get to where they're headed.I wonder why Robb didn't receive word that Bran and Rickon were dead ... maybe the Boltons just didn't find out about the fake deaths.Theon ordered the bodies taken down. Since their heads weren't on spikes the siege army had no idea they were killed. I suppose they're going to have to get the truth or fake truth out of Theon. Now what they tell Robb is going to be interesting because obviously he's not getting the truth about Winterfell at this point.She wasn't a pussy, she tried to fight a grown man.Thoros was a melee champion.  Even book Arya would have gotten splatted if that fight happened.  It's consistent with the logic of the books.and the sword she carries is not a braavo blade like she was practicing to use. In the books she comments to the lady on Acorn Hill about how she "lost her needle" and her new one isn't as good.If you look at what I said, my point was that she should have been able to do something other than have the sword knocked out of her hand immediately. I also was referring to the general toning down of her character over the past two seasons but this episode really took it to another level.Where are you coming up with this idea from? From your imagination? Arya never fights anyone in the books in a situation like that, she starts to try to pick a fight with Gendry before the gold cloaks interrupted. Would she have poked holes in him? Or would gendry just simply knock needle out of her hand? There's no way to know.I don't think it's unreasonable to think Thoros could do what he did.  Thinking Arya was suppose to do more than she did is completely wrong. She's not even holding the sword correctly. She should be using two hands, but Syrio never taught her to use a longsword.ETA: I also found it completely against character that she told Gendry and Hot Pie about Jaqen getting them out of Harrenhal. That really bothered me because Arya would have known about the need for secrecy. She doesn't just go blab everything that happens.The books and the show they both know that she saved Jaqen, Biter and Rorge from the fire. In the show before they walked out the gate last season Arya clearly explains to Hot Pie and Gendry that Jaqen is helping them escape, or else why would they have came in the first place? It seems more differentiated from the books for her to explain her deal that Jaqen gave her with the three deaths, but it was hilariously funny dialogue straight out of a message board on the internet."You could've named anyone Joffrey, Tywin Lannister.""He helped us escape I don't see why you're complaining-""But you could've ended the war."Also did you notice that Arya has revealed that her grandfather is Lord of Riverrun to Hot Pie. This is definitely not something she did in the books.Ya this kinda troubled me. TOJ kept popping up several times in GoT and wasn't mentioned at all in the S1.It popped up in Eddard's mind a couple times, he never spoke a word about it to anyone.When Jojen said Howland cried and stuff I was like THEY'RE FINALLY GONNA TALK ABOUT IT! Then nothing... Now it's breaking my heart because I believe in the R+L = J theory and the fact that they haven't mentioned TOJ, which is the basis for the theory.ToJ is one piece of evidence, I definitely wouldn't call it the basis for the theory.ToJ popped up in Ned Stark's mind in the first book. There's no other mention of it anywhere else. Ned Stark is dead, Howland Reed was there we know this. Presumably the Tower of Joy might be where Howland saved Ned's life? It's not going to be thrown out there until it gets closer to the end of the series.If Weiss and Benioff know about who sired Jon, and it is R+J=L, then why not throw a hint out there?Weiss and Benioff know who Jon Snow's mother is but I don't think anyone knows what R+J=L is.Robert+Joanna=LollysRos+Jaqen H'ghar=LysaRenly+Jocelynand why throw a hint years before it will be revealed in a show? Are they not showing enough hints?~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Some other suttle differences?You know nothing YgritteJon Snow already knows he's a warg before he joined the wildlings and Ghost made it pretty clear to most of the wildlings that he was a warg as well. Didn't sixskins even tell Mance that he wanted to take Ghost from Jon?The show is definately downgrading Jon Snow, Arya and Robb's warging powers even more than the tortoise speed they get them in the books. Great. 
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 08 April 2013 - 02:03 AM.
2313	UselessOpinion	2013-04-08	Thoros is a melee champion, and even if we said he never stepped up to war, it's likely he's killed a couple men in his melees, and likely quickly if he's a champion.Thoros pulled a Stannis-the-Mannis (referring to Stannis during the Blackwater episode) at Pyke during the Greyjoy rebellion. He was the first to jump the walls and go to town on ironborn. He's a pretty gung-ho warrior.
2314	lannistergold	2013-04-08	I guess I'll start with the elephant in the room: pushing forward Theon's torture arc.
I expected it - why else would Ramsay have been cast at this point (and kept under wraps)? Still, it's going to put pressure on the writers to wrap up Theon's story as a whole earlier than they would have otherwise - maybe even before Martin would have. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by lannistergold, 08 April 2013 - 02:03 AM.
2315	cbus20122	2013-04-08	I'm not sure why people dislike the monologue from Cat about Jon Snow. It wasn't perfect, but they jumped that ship when they introduced Talisa anyway. Besides, it was pretty on-character for the most part.
Am I the only one dissapointed with how they handled the Jaime & Brienne's fight? Jaime was notably outclassing Brienne at the start of the fight, but lost mostly due to handcuffs (as well as imprisonment) and losing out the battle of stamina. Also is Vargo Hoat being written out of the season? I may have missed that, but I'm not sure if it's something that's already been decided.
2316	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	Thoros pulled a Stannis-the-Mannis (referring to Stannis during the Blackwater episode) at Pyke during the Greyjoy rebellion. He was the first to jump the walls and go to town on ironborn. He's a pretty gung-ho warrior.Awesome, thanks for telling me that /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> I guess I'll start with the elephant in the room: pushing forward Theon's torture arc.I expected it - why else would Ramsay have been cast at this point (and kept under wraps)? Still, it's going to put pressure on the writers to wrap up Theon's story as a whole earlier than they would have otherwise - maybe even before Martin would have. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Or... they close the doors on him after his first 'escape' turns on him, cruelly turning this into a mere teaser until it meets up with the story. I'd like this /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
2317	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	I guess I'll start with the elephant in the room: pushing forward Theon's torture arc.I expected it - why else would Ramsay have been cast at this point (and kept under wraps)? Still, it's going to put pressure on the writers to wrap up Theon's story as a whole earlier than they would have otherwise - maybe even before Martin would have. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I'm expecting they only reveal right at the very end who Ramsay is, and he takes Theon back to the Dreadfort after another failed escape attempt. In season 4, they should keep Theon's appearances to a bare minimum, to show his rapidly deteriorating mental state. Or it might be even more effective to leave him out completely. That way, if they do include the rat-eating bit in season 5, the viewers will be completely shocked and disgusted at what he's been reduced to.
2318	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	Am I the only one dissapointed with how they handled the Jaime & Brienne's fight? Jaime was notably outclassing Brienne at the start of the fight, but lost mostly due to handcuffs (as well as imprisonment) and losing out the battle of stamina. Also is Vargo Hoat being written out of the season? I may have missed that, but I'm not sure if it's something that's already been decided.I loved the Jaime and Brienne fight. He did outclass Brienne at the start in the book, to my recollection, but he'd been in prison, and that suffered his strength and dulled his hair. It makes sense he'd lose strength and Brienne would destroy him.  And yeth, Vargo Hoath ith gone. I'll mith hith charactherithic thongue, buth Jaime ith enough comedy for me.Good job Show Makers, you are actually making me like Jaime, something the book couldn't do!
2319	JMJ	2013-04-08	I'm expecting they only reveal right at the very end who Ramsay is, and he takes Theon back to the Dreadfort after another failed escape attempt. In season 4, they should keep Theon's appearances to a bare minimum, to show his rapidly deteriorating mental state. Or it might be even more effective to leave him out completely. That way, if they do include the rat-eating bit in season 5, the viewers will be completely shocked and disgusted at what he's been reduced to.There's been no mention of "Reek" so far, so it seems like they will likely change that storyline significantly. Since there's no mention of the original Reek nor a reveal of Ramsay disguised as Reek, I'm guessing (a) Ramsay's reveal will be different than the books, and (/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Theon's eventual assumption of the Reek identity will be different from the books too.
2320	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	WHY was Thoros singing the rains of castamere? i dont get it, it will most likely confuse people who havent read the books about the meaning of the song.
2321	Lady Arya's Song	2013-04-08	Where is Dalla and Val in this series?  Are they going to skip the fact that Mance has a pregnant wife who was about to give birth?  That has implications further down the road for Jon Snow when he is LC of Night's Guard. Baby switching and what not.  Since we have been told the producers know the end game story..it this hinting to us that Mance and his heir (baby Mance), Val really have no relavance to the bigger story?
2322	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Where is Dalla and Val in this series?  Are they going to skip the fact that Mance has a pregnant wife who was about to give birth?  That has implications further down the road for Jon Snow when he is LC of Night's Guard. Baby switching and what not.  Since we have been told the producers know the end game story..it this hinting to us that Mance and his heir (baby Mance), Val really have no relavance to the bigger story?maybe they will show them when it becomes more important? I geuss you could combine the two characters.
2323	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	you could argue that Mance might not trust Jon enough yet to reveal that he has a wife who is pregnant with his first son yet. If he still thinks Jon might be an infiltrator, that is definitely information he would not want the Nights Watch to get a hold of.
2324	Maizel	2013-04-08	Theon got a field day compared to the books.
Hopefully this is tjust the beginning.
2325	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	It's definitely got to be just the beginning.  It's the first time Ramsay set it up for Theon to be able to attempt an escape so he can punish him for attempting to escape.
2326	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	no bloody mummers, to state the obvious.No Bloody Mummers last season either. It seems like they will be left out entirely, and the events they were involved in only shown indirectly.
2327	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	I didn't like that Thoros of Myr seemed so...Westerosi.
I mean, he's a Red Priest from Myr. He should be a bit more foreign. TV Thoros is Bronn pretty much.
2328	Ser M	2013-04-08	i didn't like the Jamie vs. Brienne fight, she beat him way too easily. And I thought the Jojen/Meera introduction was kinda corny.
					
					
							Edited by Ser M, 08 April 2013 - 07:38 AM.
2329	Broken Fox	2013-04-08	- Some people actually think Rickon was running off to Skagos? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
- Arya's scenes were handled just fine. She's a little girl, and a very small one at that. Thoros is a battle hardened warrior that's been fighting and killing for years. Her even coming close to giving Thoros competition would be ridiculous. The point was to show that she's got guts but also has a lot to learn.
- Catelyn's scene was great and very in line with her character. I don't get this "character assassination" stuff at all.
- I like Mance and Tormund, and I don't think they're as different from their book counterparts as some other people do.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 08 April 2013 - 08:27 AM.
2330	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-08	I caught that too, I hope they don't leave that certain person out later in the series. Maybe the're combining the raven and the "winged wolf" together? This could still leave an introduction for BR; Jojen never actually said your The last greenseer.Calling Bran the 3EC doesn't preclude the show from including BR.Remember:
	Spoiler BR never actually admits to being the 3EC.  Just "a crow.""Are you the three-eyed crow?""A... crow?  Once, aye.  Black of garb and black of blood."
2331	hollowcrown	2013-04-08	I think this forum's attitude to the TV series is summed up by the fact that some people though Rickon was running off to Skagos.
C'mon he was clearly just going for a short run!
I reckon Rickon and Yosha (I forgot her name oops) will depart from Bran, Hodor and the Reeds at Queenscrown this series which will be near the series finale.
2332	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-08	I think this forum's attitude to the TV series is summed up by the fact that some people though Rickon was running off to Skagos.C'mon he was clearly just going for a short run!I reckon Rickon and Yosha (I forgot her name oops) will depart from Bran, Hodor and the Reeds at Queenscrown this series which will be near the series finale.Seriously. WTF is that about? Do people think that little of the show that they actually believe the Bran/Rickon parting would be like "See ya later! Here's a wolf to look out for you!" I thought it was pretty clear that Rickon was just wandering off for a bit, and also to showcase some of Rickon's wildness.
2333	Prince of the North	2013-04-08	It no one else concerned that Jojen told Bran that the three eyed crow was him?  That better not mean that they're leaving out a certain tree person.I caught that too, I hope they don't leave that certain person out later in the series. Maybe the're combining the raven and the "winged wolf" together? This could still leave an introduction for BR; Jojen never actually said your The last greenseer.I agree.  I hope they aren't going to eliminate the Three-Eyed Crow from the series.Thoros pulled a Stannis-the-Mannis (referring to Stannis during the Blackwater episode) at Pyke during the Greyjoy rebellion. He was the first to jump the walls and go to town on ironborn. He's a pretty gung-ho warrior.Yes, Thoros of Myr is a total badass.  Not only has he won tourney melees but he's been through real warfare as well.Calling Bran the 3EC doesn't preclude the show from including BR.Remember:
	Spoiler BR never actually admits to being the 3EC.  Just "a crow."
But the name "Three-Eyed Crow" is such a wonderful, obvious hint as to who he actually is when people figure it out!  As I said above, I hope they don't write him out of the series.
2334	hollowcrown	2013-04-08	When Rickon actually goes off it will be a really emotional moment.
As I said, I think it will be after Queenscrown.
2335	Masha	2013-04-08	I do love how in this season characters keep breaking 4th wall to give homage to books - and comments on boards
First one when Cersei (in ep 1) says to Tyrion - "I heard you lost your nose"
And second one, when Gendry basically taunts Arya on having 3 chances to kill someone and change the tide of war and her choosing some random little nasty people. I remember there were a lot of comments complaining on why Arya didn't choose to kills Cersei, Joffrey, Tywin and Gendry lines were basically that.
I so love this. I hope they will continue doing it.
2336	hazlnut	2013-04-08	I guess I'm amused, for lack of a better word, by this type of discussion.The only practical purpose of spotting or discussing the "deviations" would be purely instructional -- helping student/aspiring screenwriters better understand the adaptation process.  What other purpose is there for comparing two very different art forms, prose fiction and long-form TV drama?The books serve as source material for the TV show and that's where it ends.  Review the books, review the show, but if you start criticizing the TV show as a direct representation of the books, you don't understand what it means to adapt material for film or television.  I would even use the term "translation" loosely, as it doesn't really define the process of adapting material from another art form.I suppose book fans are entitled to "missing" their favorite moments or scenes, but that isn't really relevant to a honest critique of the show's writing on its own merits.  More specifically, saying you didn't like how something was changed or left out doesn't address the question of:Did the change or omission from the book work in the TV drama format?  -- meaning did non-readers miss something or get less enjoyment from the overall production because of the changes/omissions?  It would be hard to make that case in the negative for any specific change or omission given the increasing popularity of the show and yearly increases in the show's ratings.  Not that popularity always equals quality (Britney Spears), but the subscription nature of the HBO business model does indicate that that mostly adult word of mouth about the show after two seasons has been extremely positive and makes people want to tune in via subscription.  In the case of GoT, I think we can fairly attribute that to a well written, well produced show.Lastly, if you say you "missed" something from the book, keep in mind that character or scene only really exists in your head, as no two readers experience a work of prose fiction in their head in an identical manner.  That is one of the major differences between the two mediums, reading vs. viewing.  One is a personal experience existing in the mind's eye, they other a shared concrete experience of characters and events.
2337	greywindsrage	2013-04-08	Not really, she prayed for him to die, then prayed for him to live, then treated him like shit anyway, fits her perfectilyI agree. I don't understand why people have a problem with that scene. Dramatically it's arguably the best scene in this episode.
2338	JonDunn	2013-04-08	I think this forum's attitude to the TV series is summed up by the fact that some people though Rickon was running off to Skagos.There are a lot of smart people here, but some horribly dumb ones that don't even stop for a second to think about things.  This Rickon thing is just one example.
2339	JonDunn	2013-04-08	I agree. I don't understand why people have a problem with that scene. Dramatically it's arguably the best scene in this episode.A LOT of non book readers LOVED that scene.  Robb needs more scenes like that if they want people to give a shit about him before the RW
2340	greywindsrage	2013-04-08	I guess I'm amused, for lack of a better word, by this type of discussion.The only practical purpose of spotting or discussing the "deviations" would be purely instructional -- helping student/aspiring screenwriters better understand the adaptation process.  What other purpose is there for comparing two very different art forms, prose fiction and long-form TV drama?The books serve as source material for the TV show and that's where it ends.  Review the books, review the show, but if you start criticizing the TV show as a direct representation of the books, you don't understand what it means to adapt material for film or television.  I would even use the term "translation" loosely, as it doesn't really define the process of adapting material from another art form.I suppose book fans are entitled to "missing" their favorite moments or scenes, but that isn't really relevant to a honest critique of the show's writing on its own merits.  More specifically, saying you didn't like how something was changed or left out doesn't address the question of:Did the change or omission from the book work in the TV drama format?  -- meaning did non-readers miss something or get less enjoyment from the overall production because of the changes/omissions?  It would be hard to make that case in the negative for any specific change or omission given the increasing popularity of the show and yearly increases in the show's ratings.  Not that popularity always equals quality (Britney Spears), but the subscription nature of the HBO business model does indicate that that mostly adult word of mouth about the show after two seasons has been extremely positive and makes people want to tune in via subscription.  In the case of GoT, I think we can fairly attribute that to a well written, well produced show.Lastly, if you say you "missed" something from the book, keep in mind that character or scene only really exists in your head, as no two readers experience a work of prose fiction in their head in an identical manner.  That is one of the major differences between the two mediums, reading vs. viewing.  One is a personal experience existing in the mind's eye, they other a shared concrete experience of characters and events.Well said. I have read the five available books  and the only problem I have with the T.V. show is the limited budget. Imagine if they had they money to do more battle scenes like the Blackwater episode. It's a pity they could have filmed the capture of Jaime Lannister when he killed all those soldiers or the battle with the White Walkers.
2341	greywindsrage	2013-04-08	There are a lot of smart people here, but some horribly dumb ones that don't even stop for a second to think about things.  This Rickon thing is just one example.DWL
2342	greywindsrage	2013-04-08	lol, I also thought Arya acted a little silly in that scene as well.  It's been awhile since my last re-read, but I distinctly remember Arya seriously realizing she was out of her league when she saw Anguy shoot an arrow.  She was like, "oh shit."  Drawing a sword like that was goofy.  Not only that, but when Arya draws a sword she means business...here she kind of wimped out...Arya was a lot more sensible by the time she met the brotherhood in the book. I didn't like how they handled that scene. Liked the re-introduction of The Hound though.
2343	greywindsrage	2013-04-08	Lol, no.They're just letting him run around.D & D, I think mentioned that they're going a bit slower with Arya's sociopathic degeneration. I think they'll hold off until after the RW where she kind of breaks a little.Makes perfect sense.
2344	shiola	2013-04-08	Yeah guys Rickon is definitely just scampering about.  He's not heading to Skagos with just Shaggydog.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 08 April 2013 - 01:22 PM.
2345	shiola	2013-04-08	Changes I did not like:
Jojen saying Bran is the 3EC.  What is that about?  I'm assuming we'll get more scenes of them trudging along and explaining things.  They got a lot of important stuff out on the table, so that's good.  Name dropping Howland Reed finally.  But I thought they undersold his importance to Ned.
Shae and Tyrion's too-long scene.  They could have cut it in half or so and I'd have no complaints.  But it is what it is at this point.
Brienne not landing a blow on Jaime in their fight.
Excluding the Reed's oath
Changes I did not mind:
Cat's "I love Jon Snow" thing.  The more I think about it, the less I care.  She showed how much she hated Jon Snow in it, and she showed reasonable guilt.  The whole "everything is my fault" bit was weird, but her father just died and she's a bit unhinged at this point.
Moving Theon's toture scenes up earlier
Changes I liked:
Any scene with Margaery.  Natalie is killing it, let's be real.
Joffrey growing up and being a complete sicko, getting turned on by the thought of Marg killing someone
WTF Changes:
Bran and Rickon-- "they haven't found Bran & Rickon", implies that people were searching for them beforehand?  I don't know, it was weird. They should be revealed as dead.
Renly asking Margaery for anal
2346	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	- Some people actually think Rickon was running off to Skagos? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I read this last night. I couldn't watch the whole episode but I wondered... what in the name of God was shown that people thought that a six or seven years old would escape alone and the people in charge would let him? Did they even know that Skagos is an island? Was Rickon supposed to swim all the way there? Build a boat? Fly? There is not even the "Arya" argument because Arya is not doing it all by herself.Unless they were all joking about it, but either way, LOL.
2347	TigerKarl	2013-04-08	It's really funny because when such a episode has just recently been on tv there's so many bad and ignorant opinions flying around. But after a while these opinions are influenced by personalities like Linda and Elio and all the others and the bad ones just disappear because their ignorant comments are just embarassing after a while and won't nearly be voiced as frequently as right after a show.
In general there's an easy rule, people see what they want to see. It's human to see something completely negative or completely positive in a neutral thing like a tv show, it just depends on what you're biased towards. You'll hardly ever have a objective opinion because almost everyone is biased to one or the other extreme.
I'm just getting very negative feelings about many ignorant remarks here and the few good ones are not worth the bad mood i'm getting from reading here, right after an episode.
2348	Breaker of Ice	2013-04-08	You know what's bugging me? Last season, Yara tells Theon that the entire North wants to see him hang for killing the Stark boys. So why hasn't Robb received the news yet? It's a plot hole they should have amended by now.EDIT: Never mind. Theon killed all the ravens in the show.But if the ENTIRE north knows, then surely the news would have made it to Rob by now.  Atleast you would think so
					
					
							Edited by Breaker of Ice, 08 April 2013 - 03:21 PM.
2349	cybobbie	2013-04-08	Well this thread say book spoilers, so I'm not using the spoilers tag, but sorry if this is a mistake.
I was checking some parts of the book and one thing called my attention in one of the scenes that I love in the episode, I mean the QoT and Sansa's scene. I didn't recall that in the book it's much larger but one thing called my attention is that they started to make plans for Sansa's wedding with Willas, what is important since this will trigger her wedding with Tyrion. But again, maybe they will bring this in a future episode.
2350	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-08	-Cat feelings/thoughts about Jon-The way Arya meets the BWB and the Hound (that's okay)-Shae warning Sansa about PB and telling it to Tyrion, and she being jealous of Tyrion's other women-Joffrey and Margaery getting along-How Theon getting tortured-Late Reeds introduction (that's okay, too)yeah...all of these all stand out for me.  My husband tells me to stop comparing the books to the show and expecting things from the show.  I guess the are parallel entities side by side rather than one and the same.  It's HARD!!  I love the cast of the show. I feel the characters come truly alive from the books, but when they do things and say things I feel are so out of character or DON'T do the things we know they do, it's confusing for me because I love both the show and the books (books win of course).
2351	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-08	Well this thread say book spoilers, so I'm not using the spoilers tag, but sorry if this is a mistake.I was checking some parts of the book and one thing called my attention in one of the scenes that I love in the episode, I mean the QoT and Sansa's scene. I didn't recall that in the book it's much larger but one thing called my attention is that they started to make plans for Sansa's wedding with Willas, what is important since this will trigger her wedding with Tyrion. But again, maybe they will bring this in a future episode.I'm betting they don't even mention Willas. The Queen of Thorns already told her about WIllas by now. Tywin was going to offer her to Tyrion with or without her betrothal to Willas Tyrell. I would LOVE to read MORE about Tyrell in ASOIAF anyway.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2352	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-08	I think this forum's attitude to the TV series is summed up by the fact that some people though Rickon was running off to Skagos.C'mon he was clearly just going for a short run!I reckon Rickon and Yosha (I forgot her name oops) will depart from Bran, Hodor and the Reeds at Queenscrown this series which will be near the series finale.LOL  Her name is Osha. Similar to Theons sister's name "Asha" in the lit series, but changed to iyara for the show series because the 2 names were so similar apparently.GRRM has announced a 4th season is approved. I have NO doubt there will be a 5th season.  HBO's M.O. is 6-7 seasons on favorite successful series so, we have a few seasons left before we arrive at the series finale I think.  but then again... 5 might be the final number for HBO GoT. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragonblood Stormborn, 08 April 2013 - 06:09 PM.
2353	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	Arya was a lot more sensible by the time she met the brotherhood in the book. I didn't like how they handled that scene. Liked the re-introduction of The Hound though.Hey everyone was telling me that her not killing the guard at harrenhall was no big deal or losing the Weasel Soup incident was no big deal cause this season they would have Arya being the badass. Shakes my head.This is the future faceless man???????????
2354	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	lol, I also thought Arya acted a little silly in that scene as well.  It's been awhile since my last re-read, but I distinctly remember Arya seriously realizing she was out of her league when she saw Anguy shoot an arrow.  She was like, "oh shit."  Drawing a sword like that was goofy.  Not only that, but when Arya draws a sword she means business...here she kind of wimped out...That is the problem as I see it with Show Arya, there has been absolutely NO character development of her since Syrio died, er left the scene. Ok NO development may be a bit strong, but there has been negligible change to her.  Her whole arc through the 2nd and 3rd books was her development as a future FM.  She became different people, took on different names, did humble tasks, killed in cold blood, yes she made some mistakes (and gendry and hotpie busting on her on her choices was good in it shows some sort of reflection on Arya's part-thought it is a reflection on G and Hotpies reflection on her-I should rewatch to see how she responded, defensive or contemplative).  Again there is no hint of where she is going while all her travels should be developing her in that direction.
2355	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	So I just rewatched the scene, Gendry was explaining her mistakes and she is defensive, tells him she is not listening, tells him to shut up and then immediately changes the subject.  So she did not even reflect on her mistake.  Something that she should be doing,
oh well, I guess I see things differently
2356	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	That is the problem as I see it with Show Arya, there has been absolutely NO character development of her since Syrio died, er left the scene.Ok NO development may be a bit strong, but there has been negligible change to her.  Her whole arc through the 2nd and 3rd books was her development as a future FM.  She became different people, took on different names, did humble tasks, killed in cold blood, yes she made some mistakes (and gendry and hotpie busting on her on her choices was good in it shows some sort of reflection on Arya's part-thought it is a reflection on G and Hotpies reflection on her-I should rewatch to see how she responded, defensive or contemplative).  Again there is no hint of where she is going while all her travels should be developing her in that direction.Well she tells Ja'qen she wants to follow him and learn to become a FM. But then says she has to find her family first. Once she "finds" them and has nowhere else to go, I think it's safe to assume her desire for vengeance and no longer being useless will lead her back to Ja'qen, or Bravos in general. We saw her assume the identity of Arry, but no one else since, but there is time for that yet once she breaks off from the BWB.
2357	Silverx2	2013-04-08	meera = BOSSMODE
So awesome
2358	shiola	2013-04-08	Hey everyone was telling me that her not killing the guard at harrenhall was no big deal or losing the Weasel Soup incident was no big deal cause this season they would have Arya being the badass.Shakes my head.This is the future faceless man???????????She's not a FM yet!  Maybe this episode highlighted a part of her personality that could be her downfall as far as the FM are concerned.
2359	cybobbie	2013-04-08	I'm betting they don't even mention Willas. The Queen of Thorns already told her about WIllas by now. Tywin was going to offer her to Tyrion with or without her betrothal to Willas Tyrell.I would LOVE to read MORE about Tyrell in ASOIAF anyway.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Yes, you're right, but it would be cool if they included it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2360	JMJ	2013-04-08	That is the problem as I see it with Show Arya, there has been absolutely NO character development of her since Syrio died, er left the scene.Ok NO development may be a bit strong, but there has been negligible change to her.  Her whole arc through the 2nd and 3rd books was her development as a future FM.  She became different people, took on different names, did humble tasks, killed in cold blood, yes she made some mistakes (and gendry and hotpie busting on her on her choices was good in it shows some sort of reflection on Arya's part-thought it is a reflection on G and Hotpies reflection on her-I should rewatch to see how she responded, defensive or contemplative).  Again there is no hint of where she is going while all her travels should be developing her in that direction.Well, that's not quite true. Last season, the whole Tywin/Arya interaction (which of course was not in the books) was I thought great for her character development, in that she learned some things from Tywin, we learned about her knowledge of Westeros history, etc. However, I felt this year her Thoros interaction was almost a step back, if not at least stagnation in her character progression. OTOH, I am now concerned how they will go from Arya who blunderingly tried to challenge Thoros to a sword fight to Arya with the FM. They've basically made it so that the transition has to be more abrupt and quicker.
2361	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	There's too many to name, it's like they only have a vague idea of what's happening in the books and have completely stopped trying to be faithful to them. Almost every scene is an invention, almost every scene that is kept is changed drastically and often without a reason. For instance it would've been just as easy to have Brienne and Jaime be evenly matched, there's no budget or story purpose that warrants such a change. It might seem only like a minor thing to some (even though it's important that they're evenly matched for their relationship), but to me changing stuff even when you're not restricted by budget or other constraints is simply an indication of how seriously they take the book material, which is, not at all.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 April 2013 - 07:29 PM.
2362	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	There's too many to name, it's like they only have a vague idea of what's happening in the books and have completely stopped trying to be faithful to them. Almost every scene is an invention, almost every scene that is kept is changed drastically and often without a reason. For instance it would've been just as easy to have Brienne and Jaime be evenly matched, there's no budget or story purpose that warrants such a change. It might seem only like a minor thing to some (even though it's important that they're evenly matched for their relationship), but to me changing stuff even when you're not restricted by budget or other constraints is simply an indication of how seriously they take the book material, which is, not at all.They were evenly matched until Jaime runs out of gas from being held prisoner for months, having his hands shackled, and generally being in not tip top shape. He even starts to facetiously complain about it, wearing the same boots and getting corns before stealing the sword. Sometimes things are changed because they make sense. The fact that Jaime was even able to compete with someone who could defeat Loras Tyrell while shackled and physically weak for any amount of time is impressive. The fact that he almost beats her visually will make it seem like Brienne is a pretty bad swordsman, especially given that we don't have Jaime's internal monologue to tell us how surprised he is at her strength and reactions/ability. Jaime is my favorite book character. I wasn't displeased, it actually reminds me of how reckless and dangerous he is that he thought he might actually win. From Jaime's own boasting we know there are a couple of people in Westeros that would stand a chance against him in an even fight.
2363	Dr. Pepper	2013-04-08	There's too many to name, it's like they only have a vague idea of what's happening in the books and have completely stopped trying to be faithful to them. Almost every scene is an invention, almost every scene that is kept is changed drastically and often without a reason. For instance it would've been just as easy to have Brienne and Jaime be evenly matched, there's no budget or story purpose that warrants such a change. It might seem only like a minor thing to some (even though it's important that they're evenly matched for their relationship), but to me changing stuff even when you're not restricted by budget or other constraints is simply an indication of how seriously they take the book material, which is, not at all.I will refer you to this amazing post.I guess I'm amused, for lack of a better word, by this type of discussion.The only practical purpose of spotting or discussing the "deviations" would be purely instructional -- helping student/aspiring screenwriters better understand the adaptation process.  What other purpose is there for comparing two very different art forms, prose fiction and long-form TV drama?The books serve as source material for the TV show and that's where it ends.  Review the books, review the show, but if you start criticizing the TV show as a direct representation of the books, you don't understand what it means to adapt material for film or television.  I would even use the term "translation" loosely, as it doesn't really define the process of adapting material from another art form.I suppose book fans are entitled to "missing" their favorite moments or scenes, but that isn't really relevant to a honest critique of the show's writing on its own merits.  More specifically, saying you didn't like how something was changed or left out doesn't address the question of:Did the change or omission from the book work in the TV drama format?  -- meaning did non-readers miss something or get less enjoyment from the overall production because of the changes/omissions?  It would be hard to make that case in the negative for any specific change or omission given the increasing popularity of the show and yearly increases in the show's ratings.  Not that popularity always equals quality (Britney Spears), but the subscription nature of the HBO business model does indicate that that mostly adult word of mouth about the show after two seasons has been extremely positive and makes people want to tune in via subscription.  In the case of GoT, I think we can fairly attribute that to a well written, well produced show.Lastly, if you say you "missed" something from the book, keep in mind that character or scene only really exists in your head, as no two readers experience a work of prose fiction in their head in an identical manner.  That is one of the major differences between the two mediums, reading vs. viewing.  One is a personal experience existing in the mind's eye, they other a shared concrete experience of characters and events.
2364	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	That is a pretty incredible post.
2365	TheSellsword	2013-04-08	I thought Jojen was going to mention the TOJ when Howland Reed's name came up fighting with Ned in Robert's rebellion.Its Bran who will figure it out. Jojen has always said in the book Bran is more powerful than him. Bran and Jon were always close. He will dream the TOJ and it will lead him back to Winterfell to look in Lyanna's tomb.
2366	Baratheon3508	2013-04-08	Well this thread say book spoilers, so I'm not using the spoilers tag, but sorry if this is a mistake.I was checking some parts of the book and one thing called my attention in one of the scenes that I love in the episode, I mean the QoT and Sansa's scene. I didn't recall that in the book it's much larger but one thing called my attention is that they started to make plans for Sansa's wedding with Willas, what is important since this will trigger her wedding with Tyrion. But again, maybe they will bring this in a future episode.I reckon they're going to replace Willas with Loras?He's not Kingsguard yet so maybe what might happen is the tyrells plan to wed them, the Lannisters find out and so marry Sansa to Tyrion and insist Loras takes the white. But who knows? They've bothered though to set up Sansa fancying Loras which would make her wedding to Tyrion even more dramatic and disappointing.A change (addition) that I loved was Joffrey planning to make Renly's (and rather awkwardly Loras'...) peversions... punishable by death - forces the Tyrells' hand even more in respect to the purple wedding. I thought that was ingeniousAlso loved the Brienne and Jaime chat about renly and how he doesn't blame her for her ridiculous crush or Renly for loving a man as you don't get to choose who you love. You could see his anguish over Cersei there!
2367	Mladen	2013-04-08	I reckon they're going to replace Willas with Loras?He's not Kingsguard yet so maybe what might happen is the tyrells plan to wed them, the Lannisters find out and so marry Sansa to Tyrion and insist Loras takes the white. But who knows? They've bothered though to set up Sansa fancying Loras which would make her wedding to Tyrion even more dramatic and disappointing.A change (addition) that I loved was Joffrey planning to make Renly's (and rather awkwardly Loras'...) peversions... punishable by death - forces the Tyrells' hand even more in respect to the purple wedding. I thought that was ingeniousMy idea was that Joffrey will indeed create a law these `perversions` are punishable by death, and that will make Tyrells unite Loras with Sansa. Remember Margaery`s look when he said he had considered it. She was incredibly smart in that scene with her going under his skin and praising him - you are the King (also reminded me of Anne Boleyn in Tudors). But, this change I actually like and I think it`s more catching for TV. You have a gay brother, tossed girl and sister who wants to save brother and please the King. I think this works better for TV, than Willas/Sansa marriage. At least, it has more dramatic effect
2368	Caryn Stark	2013-04-08	Robb didn't receive word that Bran and Rickon were dead. Meh. But. That storyline is... I'm glad Karstark pointed out his victories ended with the foreign b****.
I caught it on demand today, as yesterday I was on top of a mountain. I fast forwarded through the Talisa/Cat scene as soon as I realised this was where she was going to commit character suicide. Hated the beginning. Ugh. 
No Tyrell proposal or The Bear and the Maiden Fair song, although I generally liked that scene. 
Mance isn't a bard. He's just not fun. Where the hell is Jon's wolf that he can warg? 
Loved the Reed intro and scenes- not exactly like the book, but the characters felt right to me.
The Margery/Joff scene was obviously invented but it worked for me.
The BWB capture was a little different but it worked as did the Hound's reveal.
I don't know what they were doing to Theon, but they weren't cutting off his skin, I'd like to see some flaying, but I tend to like where they are going with his character, if Allen can pull it off we will see the transformation into ... I forget- it rhymes with freak? Reek. 
I could have used some sappireth... But. I'll live.
All in all I found it a much better an cohesive adaptation than the 1st episode. BUT - I DID FF THROUGH CATELYN'S MONOLOGUE WHICH BASED ON OTHER REPORTS I WILL NOT BE ABLE TO STOMACH.
2369	Newstar	2013-04-08	OTOH, I am now concerned how they will go from Arya who blunderingly tried to challenge Thoros to a sword fight to Arya with the FM.I kind of loved that 1) she was stupid and arrogant enough to challenge Thoros to a sword fight, 2) he effortlessly disarmed her despite being drunk, and 3) she shut up, realized she was beaten, and meekly returned to her meal. She still showed intelligence and courage aplenty--trying to bluff her way out of a confrontation with Thoros earlier in the episode, coming up with a quick cover story on the fly when interrogated by Thoros--but she wasn't some kind of over-the-top wunderkind, and I appreciated it. What you see as troubling deviations from the book which render her transformation to an FM less credible, I see as glimmers of realism. As talented, brave and intelligent as Arya is most of the time, she's still just a kid, and I like that the show remembers that.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 09:26 PM.
2370	shiola	2013-04-08	I caught it on demand today, as yesterday I was on top of a mountain. I fast forwarded through the Talisa/Cat scene as soon as I realised this was where she was going to commit character suicide. Hated the beginning. Ugh.I hated the Cat scene at first, but reading posts on here and using hindsight, I don't mind it anymore.  I find it strange to call it character assassination when you won't even allow yourself to view it, and therefore cannot discuss it.
2371	Ampris	2013-04-08	meera = BOSSMODESo awesomeAgreed! I am ridiculously attracted to showMeera already. Her conversation with Osha had me impressed because she kind of combined being flippant about her powers with needing to show compassion for others too. Damn.
2372	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-09	Was Thoros singing the Rains of Castamere when we first see him?
2373	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	I hated the Cat scene at first, but reading posts on here and using hindsight, I don't mind it anymore.  I find it strange to call it character assassination when you won't even allow yourself to view it, and therefore cannot discuss it.This. For all of you who are freaking out and throwing the phrase "character assassination" around like it's going out of style.Agreed! I am ridiculously attracted to showMeera already. Her conversation with Osha had me impressed because she kind of combined being flippant about her powers with needing to show compassion for others too. Damn.It was also quite ironic because Osha is going to be in her position soon. They were like mirrors of one another.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 09 April 2013 - 01:20 AM.
2374	Broken Fox	2013-04-09	@Caryn Stark
You fast forwarded a scene because others didn't like it? Come on, how old are you. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
You should watch it and decide for yourself.
2375	shiola	2013-04-09	I was irritated with the changes to the show for a long time, but I had an epiphany this morning while spacing out at work.The show and the book are completely different because they're telling different stories.  It makes a lot of sense that the book's story isn't trying to be reflected on TV.  Rather, it's being morphed into something that most people can actually understand, because the books are a lot of information and can get heavy for some, and the bulk of them cannot translate well without voiceovers.  Yes, the characters are the same in most respects, and the overall plot as well.  But the show is a different way of getting there than the  books.  And what the show chooses to focus on and what the book chooses to focus on are actually reflected plainly in their titles:Game of Thrones - The show is about the Game.  Who is playing, how they're playing, who will win, how do everyone's arcs tie together and back to King's Landing?A Song of Ice and Fire - The books are about the song, the story.  It's about symbolism, fantasy, clashing forces and how they can either work together or destroy each other.I don't know.  This probably doesn't mean anything to anyone else.  I just had this epiphany about the titles and it made me come to terms with everything.  Someone may have put weed in my breakfast pastry at Starbucks.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 09 April 2013 - 12:28 PM.
2376	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-09	Good points Dr. Pepper.  I think it's always a good idea to keep your words in mind. It's not easy for people who love books to not watch the shows and movies as visual representations of the story.  The Harry Potter series was loved by so many (myself included) and JK Rowling knew when she signed contracts for films, her input was essential.  Peter Jackson was adamant about staying true to the Lord of the Rings to please readers.
With A Game of Thrones it is a bit more tricky.  Though DB Weiss & Benioff have a strong rapport with G rr Martin, it seems they always had plans to "adapt" our beloved A Song of Ice and Fire by the brilliant mind of George R.R. Martin for HBO.
As I said, I think it's important to keep in mind it's an adaptation, but it's impossible for ASOIAF aficionados to not ask how the story will develop with small and large changes in the story plot and the character's arc's.
2377	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-09	Worth noting:  the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings movies weren't without their fair share of deviations from the source material to make it easier to adapt.  (Also The Hobbit, but those changes seem to have been made with Peter Jackson's decision to turn those films into his equivalent of the Star Wars prequels...)
It's an adaptation.  Changes are made, and its more worth noting what those changes tell us about a character than it is to nitpick over details that are ultimately just there for color.  I, for one, am fascinated by the idea of Cat seeing her lack of love for Jon as a personal failing, or that Talisa exists to let us view Robb's choices as merely foolish instead of suicidally stupid (you know, since now he's just breaking a betrothal and not marrying into the house of his sworn enemy's bannerman).
Expecting every detail to come over unscathed is about as reasonable as complaining about how musicians "sell out".
2378	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-09	As another poster mention at this point the changes are so vast and so numerous its become ridiculous.
Whole new scenes are invented and randomly inserted for no damn reason.
Then the scenes that they do keep from the book are radically altered into pure crap.
2379	Redvipor	2013-04-09	Loras should be wearing a white cloak at this point, and we didn't see the Queen of Thorns' giant twin bodyguards.
2380	FlipFantastic	2013-04-09	I cant believe how mean the show has turned Marge!  When she said she wanted to kill a kid in front of Joff i was like, whaaaaaat.  She is like a female Joff, watch out six kingdoms, yeesh.
2381	shiola	2013-04-09	As another poster mention at this point the changes are so vast and so numerous its become ridiculous.Whole new scenes are invented and randomly inserted for no damn reason.Then the scenes that they do keep from the book are radically altered into pure crap.If you hate it so much why are you in the TV thread
2382	shiola	2013-04-09	Loras should be wearing a white cloak at this point, and we didn't see the Queen of Thorns' giant twin bodyguards.Loras isn't a Kingsguard yet
2383	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-09	Loras isn't a Kingsguard yetBut the point is he SHOULD be. Just like the whole Harrenhal plot has been twisted and morphed into something completely unrecognizable.And Vis I watch the show because I love the books and I want to see my characters onscreen. I can't help that the writers are purposely effing up on a weekly basis.   I mean they DO know that they just can make up sh*t and call it an episode and no one will complain right? The Theon plot this season is beyond dumb...I mean its completely laughable but hey we get a few powerful scenes here and there (Maegary and Joffrey plus Sansa &  the Queen of Thorns) so I'll continue to tune in.
2384	FlipFantastic	2013-04-09	so I'll continue to tune in.This is why the writers can do what they want regardless if fans stomp around in mini fits.
2385	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-09	This is why the writers can do what they want regardless if fans stomp around in mini fits.You assume I'm subscribed to HBO myself.....But I won't elaborate any further. Suffice to say its no skin of my bottom line.
2386	shiola	2013-04-09	But the point is he SHOULD be. Just like the whole Harrenhal plot has been twisted and morphed into something completely unrecognizable.And Vis I watch the show because I love the books and I want to see my characters onscreen. I can't help that the writers are purposely effing up on a weekly basis.   I mean they DO know that they just can make up sh*t and call it an episode and no one will complain right?The Theon plot this season is beyond dumb...I mean its completely laughable but hey we get a few powerful scenes here and there (Maegary and Joffrey plus Sansa &  the Queen of Thorns) so I'll continue to tune in.1.  Why should he be?  Because he was right away in the books?  Maybe they're going to use him instead of Willas for the marriage proposal, and as a result he will be made a Kingsgaurd to prevent that.  2.  They are not your characters.  The fact that you said that makes me think I shouldn't even try to have a discussion with you, so maybe this is in vain.  They are Martin's characters, and he gave D&D the right to use them for an adaptation.  An adaptation.  Not a clone.  It's not the same thing, it was never meant to be the same thing.  It could never be the same thing because books and visual media are completely different.  3.  They can make up whatever they want because it's their interpretation of the story.4.  From the 5 minutes of Theon's arc, you have concluded it's "beyond dumb"?  You realize it is so far the same as what he went through in the books?  5.  Margaery and Joffrey's scene was not in the book, yet you like it.  I fail to see your logic here.And I didn't ask why you watch it.  I asked why you came in the thread specifically to say that it's crap and the writers are "purposely effing up " and all of that.  I just don't understand why you would come in here just to say you hate something.  Seems silly.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 09 April 2013 - 06:02 PM.
2387	Rob Snow	2013-04-10	Loras should be wearing a white cloak at this point, and we didn't see the Queen of Thorns' giant twin bodyguards.^this and the omission of ButterbumpsBiggest omissions of Episode 2  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2388	Ampris	2013-04-10	I cant believe how mean the show has turned Marge!  When she said she wanted to kill a kid in front of Joff i was like, whaaaaaat.  She is like a female Joff, watch out six kingdoms, yeesh.Why do you assume that she wanted a kill a kid? They were talking about hunting. Except for the occasional "justice" killing it's not like Joff is going off and hunting children.
2389	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	The books have many characters, but due to budget and the reality of casting, they can't chase every little plot point and thread, can't have everyone on screen, they have to balance the screen time of the favorite characters.  They are getting the overall large story arc in, which is what you can expect.
There is no perfect way to adapt a book to a movie or TV medium where you make it page for page, it doesn't work out. I thought there were some things that could have gone better in season 2 (Dany's Arc, Jon's Arc) but overall this is an awesome TV show.
2390	Broken Fox	2013-04-10	I cant believe how mean the show has turned Marge!  When she said she wanted to kill a kid in front of Joff i was like, whaaaaaat.  She is like a female Joff, watch out six kingdoms, yeesh.She's playing him.
2391	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-10	what is the deal with the random non book charecter that bron namesin S3 E1??
2392	The Wrong Tree	2013-04-10	what is the deal with the random non book charecter that bron namesin S3 E1??That was Podrick PayneEdit: Wait, did they recast him?Re-Edit: Just kidding, that's definitely the same Podrick from season 2
					
					
							Edited by The Wrong Tree, 10 April 2013 - 11:45 PM.
2393	The Wrong Tree	2013-04-10	I know that we saw that Ghost is with Sam in the first episode and not this one, but I am still completely peeved about that. Although maybe they're doing that to make it easier for when Jon has to climb the wall and they don't have to spend a whole scene of Jon making Ghost go away... Logical for show plot but still takes quite a bit away from show!Jon's character develoment.
2394	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-10	That was Podrick PayneEdit: Wait, did they recast him?Re-Edit: Just kidding, that's definitely the same Podrick from season 2Oh sorry my bad I forgot to mention a key part of my question, who is the kingsguard with meryn trent outside Tyrions room when bron arrieves? he has a name not from the books I beleive??
2395	Ampris	2013-04-11	Oh sorry my bad I forgot to mention a key part of my question, who is the kingsguard with meryn trent outside Tyrions room when bron arrieves? he has a name not from the books I beleive??Maybe it's Kettleblack? He says something like Ser Whosit from Wherever the fuck
2396	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-11	Maybe it's Kettleblack? He says something like Ser Whosit from Wherever the fuckNo he say that to meryn Trant as an insult, the guy before that was a randomer.
2397	Khal Porno	2013-04-11	I cant believe how mean the show has turned Marge!  When she said she wanted to kill a kid in front of Joff i was like, whaaaaaat.  She is like a female Joff, watch out six kingdoms, yeesh.No she didn't, she said "do you want to see me kill something" not someONE.
2398	Arianne O	2013-04-11	I am really confused about the whole Bran and Rickon being dead thing.....where they not presumed dead by all or is this just another deviation from the books?
I didnt like the Catelyn scene much either.....great piece of melodrama for those virgins of the book ...but for the rest of us seems a bit cheap and silly.... one thing about Catelyn was her steadfast constant dislike for Jon Snow which by all accounts was unwavering.....so in this scene she at once hates him to death and then doesnt....i dont think it was needed...,,,,
Also do not like the emphasis on Shae in the series..... i know she will turn out to be the corrupt hoe and in a way they are trying to give her motivations for turning on Tyrion.....but why cant they accept she is just another tragic anecdote for Tyrion and that power and money corrupt....which is how I take it in the books. I like the ambiguity of her in the book, the fact she may have loved him but she still turned on him like most do!
2399	Ampris	2013-04-11	No he say that to meryn Trant as an insult, the guy before that was a randomer.I'd have to go back and watch again, but he deliberately switches around Trant's name (Teryn Mant) and then calls the other guy a nobody. Trant even corrects him before he names the other guy. The insult to Trant was the switching of his name, the insult to the unknown other was that he was just that - unknown. Hence why I think it could be Kettleblack.
2400	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-11	I am really confused about the whole Bran and Rickon being dead thing.....where they not presumed dead by all or is this just another deviation from the books?I didnt like the Catelyn scene much either.....great piece of melodrama for those virgins of the book ...but for the rest of us seems a bit cheap and silly.... one thing about Catelyn was her steadfast constant dislike for Jon Snow which by all accounts was unwavering.....so in this scene she at once hates him to death and then doesnt....i dont think it was needed...,,,,Also do not like the emphasis on Shae in the series..... i know she will turn out to be the corrupt hoe and in a way they are trying to give her motivations for turning on Tyrion.....but why cant they accept she is just another tragic anecdote for Tyrion and that power and money corrupt....which is how I take it in the books. I like the ambiguity of her in the book, the fact she may have loved him but she still turned on him like most do!Please the way this show is heading Shae probably won't even betray Tyrion. She'll be murdered or something and Tyrion will want revenge and just kill Lord Tywin out of spite.The show just seems to love effing up the books at this point.
2401	JMJ	2013-04-11	I'd just like to make a general point here. Fandom in general likes to claim true fanaticism by declaring the original work the "gospel". In this case, the ASOIAF texts are taken by lots of folks here as the gospel truth. Well, I hate to say this, but that is overly dogmatic.
First, the show is meant to be an interpretation, not a 100% literal translation from book to screen. Otherwise, the show would take hundreds of episodes longer, and we'd have entire episodes that just show really boring stuff for the screen - all the backstory stuff that GRRM uses in his world-building. That's just not practical given media and budget constraints.
Second, and more relevant to the discussion here, is that GRRM himself has given approval for the writers (D+D) to do what they see fit to make the story work for TV. Don't forget that GRRM has even stated that should the books catch up to him and/or he is somehow unable to complete the books, like it or not, the show will finish the story. He has explicitly stated he does not want any other writers finishing the book(s) for him. I don't like that scenario any more than the next fanboy, but it's GRRM's perogative to do that. What that means is that it's not really intellectually honest to claim the books somehow supersede any interpretation of the story and/or characters presented by the show. Heck, we may be left with the show as our only "version" of the final events of the story, like it or not.
2402	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	Not really, she prayed for him to die, then prayed for him to live, then treated him like shit anyway, fits her perfectilyBut, remember, we're talking about deviations from the book, and the Cat scene is definitely a deviation.  Also the whole Talisa thing, which I hate.  And I hated both of them.  (Did I mention that I hated the Cat and Talisa scene???)I did really like the Season 2 deviation where Arya was Tywin's cup bearer.  I loved their exchanges and thought they underlined just what a clever girl Arya is.The Sansa/Sandor scene the night of the BoBB - so disappointed at the parts they left out of that.The scene last week with Margaery and Joff and the crossbow - loved how she played him.Hate the Shae/Ros scenes, and the Shae/Tyrion scene from this past week.Hate the 'watering down' that's been done with the whole North of the Wall scenes, especially with Sam (and Jon, too, I think).
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 11 April 2013 - 03:27 PM.
2403	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-11	Quick question though. Did Margaery really say that she would "kill a child" as I'm reading everywhere here?
I didn't hear that part. I heard her tell him "would you like to see me kill something?" and he said "yes".
2404	JMJ	2013-04-11	Quick question though. Did Margaery really say that she would "kill a child" as I'm reading everywhere here?I didn't hear that part. I heard her tell him "would you like to see me kill something?" and he said "yes".You are correct. No child killing was mentioned/suggested.
2405	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-11	I understand the need to cut out some of the book characters to streamline the tv show, but it still irritates me that LF contacted Sansa himself, that would allow the possibility of being seen and connected to her, I think he is too devious and sneaky to meet her in public and in front of two witnesses. 
The Cat/Talisa scene. Just awful and pointless.
The Shae/Tyrion scene- total set up for Shae to get really jealous and betray Tyrion.
2406	madprofessah	2013-04-11	I thought Jojen was going to mention the TOJ when Howland Reed's name came up fighting with Ned in Robert's rebellion.Who is Howland Reed? Is the TOJ where Jon was conceived? Can someone remind me of this back story from the books? What book do we get the details in, AFFC? (Maybe that's why I don't remember it--the 4th book is the lowpoint of the series for me.)
2407	madprofessah	2013-04-11	Loras should be wearing a white cloak at this point, and we didn't see the Queen of Thorns' giant twin bodyguards.Oh yea! I remember them. Plus they were supposed to be hawt... (in the books)I'm said that they seem to be eliminating the character of Ser Dontos (The Fool/Court Jester). I loved his arc in the books.Does everybody think the Purple Wedding going to happen in Season 4?
2408	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-11	Back to deviations :
Shitmouth has not appeared in the series yet.  The narrative has been incontrovertibly wrecked.  The butterfly effect has now ruined the series.
2409	Khal Porno	2013-04-11	Back to deviations :Shitmouth has not appeared in the series yet.  The narrative has been incontrovertibly wrecked.  The butterfly effect has now ruined the series.LOL!  I wouldn't be surprised if we hear this somewhere down the line.
2410	protar	2013-04-12	LOL!  I wouldn't be surprised if we hear this somewhere down the line.Shitmouth is very important thank you very much. His soiling of the Westerosi tongue is a potent metaphor for the high lord's soiling of Westeros itself, and I question your knowledge of the books if you didn't pick up on this.
2411	Rapsie	2013-04-12	So far Season 3 seems better than Season 2. 
The Marge and QoT are very good and the Sansa scene with them was excellent and well adapted. They are setting up Shae's betrayal and making it very understandable. Could we possibly see Tyrion accepting the marriage as a darkening of his character? It would be good if the whitewashing stopped this season. 
The Brienne and Jaime scenes were very well done. Cutting out the Brave companions though sad, makes sense due to the number of characters they have to introduce. 
The Tyrion and Tywin scene was great and really well done, but the Cersei /Tyrion scene and the Bronn scene were rather redundant. 
Dany's storyline seems to be back on track. Thank the Gods. 
The damage to Robb and Cat's characters and the introduction of the awful Talisa storyline seem irrevocable. As my other half who hasn't read the books put it "he's a bit of a nothing character" and Cat's bit about Jon just made him think she was utterly horrible. Sadly I am really looking forward to the RW to see that storyline end. It is a shame as the actors are very good. 
The BWB and Arya's story seem to be much better portrayed. The brotherhood are done quite well, even if they have mixed Thoros and Tom O'Sevens. Also they may finally introduce the character of Sandor Clegane who has had his storyline gutted until now. So this part seems to be well done.
2412	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Shitmouth is very important thank you very much. His soiling of the Westerosi tongue is a potent metaphor for the high lord's soiling of Westeros itself, and I question your knowledge of the books if you didn't pick up on this.Haha...I confess I don't even remember this character.
2413	protar	2013-04-12	Haha...I confess I don't even remember this character.Essentially he's a soldier at Harrenhal who swears a lot. Not really important, but I won't deny I think he'd be pretty funny on the show.
2414	Joyful Union	2013-04-12	The damage to Robb and Cat's characters and the introduction of the awful Talisa storyline seem irrevocable. As my other half who hasn't read the books put it "he's a bit of a nothing character"Robb was sort of a non-entity in the books too though.
2415	Rapsie	2013-04-12	Robb was sort of a non-entity in the books too though.Very true and I think the show is struggling with what to do with his character. They managed really well in Season 1, but season floundered with the mix up of events and made him seem less like the young man struggling to cope with a massive responsibility as he was in the books and more fractured as a character. They never did go back to explain that Jaime was going to be killed by Karstark which would have led to the deaths of Sansa in Cat's mind, hence her releasing him. It's sort of a forgotten plot point.
2416	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-12	While I understand why the show felt the need to make Robb more of a traditional heroic figure, I feel that had he been portrayed as he was in the books, a boy trying to be king, his mistakes can be justified to a greater extent. There are times where I feel show Robb is closer to book Jon and show Jon is closer to book Robb.
2417	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	While I understand why the show felt the need to make Robb more of a traditional heroic figure, I feel that had he been portrayed as he was in the books, a boy trying to be king, his mistakes can be justified to a greater extent. There are times where I feel show Robb is closer to book Jon and show Jon is closer to book Robb.Well the "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" line was pretty boyish lol. I suppose it's a bit of a result of being aged up. There was also that exchange between Robb and Jaime when Jaime calls him boy, and Robb goes with the whole "You insult yourself, Kingslayer" so they are trying to reinforce that idea of him being a boy King even though he doesn't really look it.
2418	JMJ	2013-04-12	OTOH, in some ways it works better in the show in that they have made Robb out to be the iconic fantasy hero more than in the books. That way, his demise in the RW will be all the more shocking.
2419	Khal Porno	2013-04-13	OTOH, in some ways it works better in the show in that they have made Robb out to be the iconic fantasy hero more than in the books. That way, his demise in the RW will be all the more shocking.I think they should have marketed season 3 with Robb as the star character, and made the structure of the show such that Robb seems to be the most important.For some that could have been a give away that he was going to die (like Ned in season one), but that's fine.  People have pretty much picked up on it anyway, and the show practically came out and said he was going to die in the last episode.
2420	Rapsie	2013-04-13	I think they should have marketed season 3 with Robb as the star character, and made the structure of the show such that Robb seems to be the most important.For some that could have been a give away that he was going to die (like Ned in season one), but that's fine.  People have pretty much picked up on it anyway, and the show practically came out and said he was going to die in the last episode.I think you're right. Robb seems much more doomed on the series than he does in the book, because he is so much more of a side character. They have played down the importance of Riverrun and even the unsullied on TWOP seem to treat his demise as a bit of a fore gone conclusion. Sadly the RW will have less impact because they don't have very many memorable characters on the Northern side such as the Great Jon. However this maybe due to time and budget constraints. They could have had a couple of characters like the Great Jon around Robb and put some of the character development they have put into Bronn, into them and it would have helped.
2421	Gonzalo	2013-04-13	Still keeping hope that Tom o' Sevens will be introduced in the future, along with Lem
2422	StNic54	2013-04-13	I think it would have been stronger to reintroduce Theon later in the timeline. While it would mean Alfie wouldn't get paid for a season or two, I think it would be a better shock for the audience.
2423	Vovea	2013-04-13	I like how we got to spend more time with Margaery than in the books. Her manipulation of Joff was fantastic in this episode. I always seemed to 'nothing' her where as now she is one of my favorite characters.
Sadly I felt the bits added in for Robb and Cat were a bit of a let down again. It just seems to be filler dialogue before the Red Wedding. I hate what's coming but I guess it'll give them something to do.
2424	queenbeesteph	2013-04-13	Where is Dalla and Val in this series?  Are they going to skip the fact that Mance has a pregnant wife who was about to give birth?  That has implications further down the road for Jon Snow when he is LC of Night's Guard. Baby switching and what not.  Since we have been told the producers know the end game story..it this hinting to us that Mance and his heir (baby Mance), Val really have no relavance to the bigger story? Yikes! I hope not!Theon got a field day compared to the books.Hopefully this is tjust the beginning. I hope so, too!  Oh, I hate that Theon!
2425	Ampris	2013-04-17	I think you're right. Robb seems much more doomed on the series than he does in the book, because he is so much more of a side character. They have played down the importance of Riverrun and even the unsullied on TWOP seem to treat his demise as a bit of a fore gone conclusion.Sadly the RW will have less impact because they don't have very many memorable characters on the Northern side such as the Great Jon. However this maybe due to time and budget constraints. They could have had a couple of characters like the Great Jon around Robb and put some of the character development they have put into Bronn, into them and it would have helped.You mean Robb's demise or the dying slave's demise? Just a little confused with your pronouns there.
2426	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	I think you're right. Robb seems much more doomed on the series than he does in the book, because he is so much more of a side character. They have played down the importance of Riverrun and even the unsullied on TWOP seem to treat his demise as a bit of a fore gone conclusion.The Unsullied are psychic, it's incredibleI think if the books didn't have that scene in the House of the Undying, with the wolfs head, i would never have guessed that Robb was going to die in the books. Apart from that, you still feel in the books that Robb will return to the North. The series makes it too obvious that he is going to die. At least the way in which it happens will be shocking though.
2427	Head of The Ned	2013-04-19	Still keeping hope that Tom o' Sevens will be introduced in the future, along with LemI suspect that he will show up in season 4/5. When Jaime goes to Riverrun there is a singer in one of the Frey tents and its hinted that it is Tom or at least that is what I concluded. I can see the show using him in this angle as the BWB story becomes more developed
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 19 April 2013 - 12:55 AM.
2428	Mladen	2013-04-08	First, with appologies to all TV fans who hadn`t read the books, I have to advise you to skip this topic in order not to reveal some spoilers.Now, this scene, was in my opinion, very well executed. It reminded us what Margaery wants and what she`ll get. But then Joffrey put that crossbow into her hands and started conversation:Joffrey: Could you kill something?Margaery: I don`t know, Your Grace. Do you think I could?Joffrey: YesMargaery: Would you like to watch me?Joffrey: YesIn my opinion, this scene wonderfully forshadows one event	
	Spoiler Purple wedding and Tyrell`s involvement in it
So, what do you think? Has this scene, beside Margaery`s political smartness, showed us something more? Has the writers hinted us future events I was talking about? And was this scene meant for book readers for full understanding?
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 08 April 2013 - 03:41 AM.
2429	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	Forshadowing aside for the moment, I felt this scene was superb. Joffery's mood swings, from dangerously inquisitive, to momentarily gallant and manly, to chillingly bloodthirsty, were absolutely NAILED by Jack Glesson, I remain a huge fan. And Natalie Dormer's role was also brilliant. Margery is fast becoming one of my favourite characters in a way she never was in the books. I love the way she facilitates Joffery's madness and yet controls it.
As for the forshadowing, I didn't think of that, good pick. We'll see how this develops.
2430	teemo	2013-04-08	Jack Gleeson is such a good actor.  I don't know about the scene still...I'm torn.  Kind of weird.
2431	Mladen	2013-04-08	Forshadowing aside for the moment, I felt this scene was superb. Joffery's mood swings, from dangerously inquisitive, to momentarily gallant and manly, to chillingly bloodthirsty, were absolutely NAILED by Jack Glesson, I remain a huge fan. And Natalie Dormer's role was also brilliant. Margery is fast becoming one of my favourite characters in a way she never was in the books. I love the way she facilitates Joffery's madness and yet controls it.There`s no doubt in excellency both Gleeson and Dormer are presenting playing this pair. But when I looked them at the mirror with her line `would you like to watch me?` it occured to me there`s something more than just playing with him.
2432	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	I picked up a different sort of foreshadowing
	Spoiler "wherever whores go"... TWANG!
2433	Kienn	2013-04-08	It was really awkward when Margaery implied Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king.
Other than that the scene was pretty good, but I don't think it was foreshadowing for the event mentioned. I think it was just Margaery revealing she knew what kind of stuff Joffrey liked to watch and seducing him by saying she would do it for him (like the scene with Ros and other girl in season 2).
2434	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	It was really awkward when Margaery implied Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king.Wait, Joffery was talking about outlawing such perversions, to wich she replied "as is your right, you are the king".i think one of us must have missinterpreted that scene.
2435	Delmas	2013-04-08	I took it as the Tyrell's playing Joffrey like a fiddle.
First they ask Sansa what Joffrey is "really" like, and shortly after you see Margery roll in and play right along with the "monster" inside joffrey.
2436	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	I took it as the Tyrell's playing Joffrey like a fiddle.First they ask Sansa what Joffrey is "really" like, and shortly after you see Margery roll in and play right along with the "monster" inside joffrey.Completely agree with this, superb scene.
2437	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	She was saying that she had even offered to let Renly "go in the back door" just to try and get him in bed with her at all, because he didn't like girl parts.
I also agree that it was well played in that she was appealing to his demented side to gain his favor, though I still don't like her being so openly and deviously ambitious this early.
2438	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	She was saying that she had even offered to let Renly "go in the back door" just to try and get him in bed with her at all, because he didn't like girl parts.No, im pretty sure she said that it was Renly who had suggested the backdoor idea once when he was very drunk, and she hinted that she took it as a sign of him being gay.
2439	KhalFrodo	2013-04-08	This was the second best scene of the episode (Cat talking about Jon was her best scene of the series IMO). But, I can say that I absolutely loved it and Margaery is quickly becoming one of my favorite characters in the show (her face when Sansa say Joff is a monster is priceless)... As angry as I was most of last season for the poor adaptation, I am more than happy this season. Let's hope they keep it up.
2440	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	I rewatched the scene and this was what Margaery said "Except one night, after far too much wine, he suggested something that sounded very painful and could not possibly result in children"
to wich joffery replies:
"He was a known degenerate, i have considered making his perversions punishable by death"
to wich margaery replies
"As is your right, you must do whatever you need to do, you are the King,"
So margaery never suggested backdooring with Renly, neither did she imply that she would allow joffery to do it.
2441	a shadow	2013-04-08	I suppose Joffrey saying that he is in favour of punishing "such perversities" (the ones Loras shares very much), was meant to be shown as sealing his... cup /pirate.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':pirate:' />
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 08 April 2013 - 05:30 AM.
2442	SeanF	2013-04-08	I rewatched the scene and this was what Margaery said "Except one night, after far too much wine, he suggested something that sounded very painful and could not possibly result in children"to wich joffery replies:"He was a known degenerate, i have considered making his perversions punishable by death"to wich margaery replies"As is your right, you must do whatever you need to do, you are the King,"So margaery never suggested backdooring with Renly, neither did she imply that she would allow joffery to do it.I can't help thinking that Renly's character has been pretty comprehensively assasinated in the series.
2443	imjudit	2013-04-08	I also picked up a foreshadowing for PW.
I must admit i hated Margaery in the previous season (hated her in the books as well), but this episode showed a part of her i haven't picked up before.
2444	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	You're right about that one, for some reason I was thinking that she said she suggested it, but it was in fact Renly's suggestion.
I was tickled by her conveniently leaving out how she said she could have her brother come in and get him started if it helped.
Wow, that was a lot of posts between reading Maester Ruin's post to me and getting back here with my breakfast.
					
					
							Edited by Tenlaar, 08 April 2013 - 05:41 AM.
2445	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-08	First, with appologies to all TV fans who hadn`t read the books, I have to advise you to skip this topic in order not to reveal some spoilers.Now, this scene, was in my opinion, very well executed. It reminded us what Margaery wants and what she`ll get. But then Joffrey put that crossbow into her hands and started conversation:Joffrey: Could you kill something?Margaery: I don`t know, Your Grace. Do you think I could?Joffrey: YesMargaery: Would you like to watch me?Joffrey: YesIn my opinion, this scene wonderfully forshadows one event	
	Spoiler Purple wedding and Tyrell`s involvement in it
totally I thought it stood out in the episode and really lets us see the Tyrells in their natural habitat and gives more depth to Margaery than the books have done
2446	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	This and the Olenna scene were the best bits of the episode. Love how the Tyrell's are shaping up to be the most devious schemers at court.
At first I thought Margery would only try to dissuade Joffrey from his perversions to protect her own skin after what they learned from Sansa, but then she kept leading him on and encouraging him to win is favor, which will likely lead to future BDSM scenes at the expense of various servants.
2447	SeventySeven	2013-04-08	It's possible. However, what she did was appealing to his... let's say unconventional fetish, and by doing so she has the upper hand. She's very smart, and I loved the fact she wasn't fazed at all.
2448	Grandpa House	2013-04-08	Joffrey: Could you kill something?Margaery: I don`t know, Your Grace. Do you think I could?Joffrey: YesMargaery: Would you like to watch me?Joffrey: YesOmg that is awesome didn't even pick up on that
					
					
							Edited by Grandpa House, 08 April 2013 - 06:17 AM.
2449	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	For a while I wondered if Joffrey was a "degenerate" because he seemed uninterested in Sansa and other women.
But I liked that episode 2 revealed his madness as an attraction to violence. Margaery appeals to him just by talking about killing. The dialogue while they are looking into the mirror is sinister.
					
					
							Edited by Reek Da Villain, 08 April 2013 - 06:21 AM.
2450	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	For a while I wondered if Joffrey was a "degenerate" because he seemed uninterested in Sansa and other women.But I liked that episode 2 revealed his madness as an attraction to violence. The dialogue while they are looking into the mirror is sinister.
2451	Maizel	2013-04-08	Gleeson is without a doubt one of the best actors of the lot.
2452	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	I took it as the Tyrell's playing Joffrey like a fiddle.First they ask Sansa what Joffrey is "really" like, and shortly after you see Margery roll in and play right along with the "monster" inside joffrey.Yep.Marg took him to school without him even realizing it - playing on his inability to play The Game, show him who (he believes) to be in power while gathering more info on him and making him feel superior.The thing I found very interesting is that with what is going on (maybe specifically in the US) regarding the status of homosexuality, marriage etc that they would be that blatant about his feelings on it.  I get it's fiction, but all that needs to happen is have that scene be taken out of the context and there is a shitstorm a brewing.I get completely WHY they did it - for the Tyrells it is just another reason to get rid of him, but from a real world perception stand point they could have done that differently.
2453	Er Rn	2013-04-08	I suppose Joffrey saying that he is in favour of punishing "such perversities" (the ones Loras shares very much), was meant to be shown as sealing his... cup /pirate.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':pirate:' />Yes, I totally agree. Marg very much knows Loras is gay and will possibly have other relationships with men in the future. She also loves her brother very much and doesn't seem to care in the slightest what his sexual orientation is. Making it punishable by death, along with his other general craziness and cruelty, sealed it for the Tyrells.Also, this was my favorite scene of the episode. Marg played him perfectly.
2454	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I rewatched the scene and this was what Margaery said "Except one night, after far too much wine, he suggested something that sounded very painful and could not possibly result in children"to wich joffery replies:"He was a known degenerate, i have considered making his perversions punishable by death"to wich margaery replies"As is your right, you must do whatever you need to do, you are the King,"So margaery never suggested backdooring with Renly, neither did she imply that she would allow joffery to do it.Margery has you fooled the way she has Joffrey fooled.  She was rewriting history to get on her king's good side.  In reality, she definitely suggested "turning over and pretending" she was Loras for Renly in bed.  But I don't think Margery is going to mention that little detail to Joffrey, given that he seems to want to punish gay people--including her beloved brother--with execution.I was shocked by her ambition and callousness when she seemed to support Joffrey's right to outlaw homosexuality, until I had to remind myself that it was just an act to ingratiate herself with the "vicious idiot" king before her and her grandmother finally seal his fate.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 07:35 AM.
2455	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	For a while I wondered if Joffrey was a "degenerate" because he seemed uninterested in Sansa and other women.But I liked that episode 2 revealed his madness as an attraction to violence. Margaery appeals to him just by talking about killing. The dialogue while they are looking into the mirror is sinister.Yep.  Violence is what turns him on.  I liked the scene because it showed what a player Margaery is....things start out a little rough, Joff is in one of his petulant moods....but she plays him totally, subdues him and by the end, she has won him over and of course has seen now with her own eyes what a complete freak he is.
2456	Jojosh	2013-04-08	Never really like Margaery last season but now that she's been given a chance to do some more I think she's certainly a lot more interesting. Joffrey is not as one note in the show and I'm sure that's because of Gleason
2457	SeanF	2013-04-08	Margery has you fooled the way she has Joffrey fooled.  She was rewriting history to get on her king's good side.  In reality, she definitely suggested "turning over and pretending" she was Loras for Renly in bed.  But I don't think Margery is going to mention that little detail to Joffrey, given that he seems to want to punish gay people--including her beloved brother--with execution.I was shocked by her ambition and callousness when she seemed to support Joffrey's right to outlaw homosexuality, until I had to remind myself that it was just an act to ingratiate herself with the "vicious idiot" king before her and her grandmother finally seal his fate.I think in that earlier scene with Renly, Margaery was expecting him to attempt to impregnate her from behind, rather than expecting him to do what he does with Loras.I agree that, given how close she is to Loras, threatening to kill homosexuals would be one more reason to seal Joffrey's fate.
2458	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	Yep.  Violence is what turns him on.  I liked the scene because it showed what a player Margaery is....things start out a little rough, Joff is in one of his petulant moods....but she plays him totally, subdues him and by the end, she has won him over and of course has seen now with her own eyes what a complete freak he is.This and the fact that Sansa had JUST confirmed he was a monster and Marg didn't hesitate to go own him. True player skills!
2459	Mladen	2013-04-08	This scene was beautiful on so many level. I would concetrate now on 3 moments1. `Something that sounded very painful and couldnt possibly result in children`This was interesting, the Oxford dictionary got the new definition of anal sex.2. `I`ve considered making his perversion punishable by death`Look at her face. She knows her brother is a gay, and it seems everyone at court knows it (or at least that`s what Jaime said). And then she pulled for seduction. This was masterfully played.3. `You must do whatever you need to do. You are the King`Funny, how here we can draw a beautiful parallel between Anne Boleyn`s character from The Tudors and Margaery. Since both of on-screen characters were played by Natalie Dormer, there is so much forshadowing this season`s conflict between Cersei and Margaery. Just like Anne, who `opened` King`s eyes and made him understand he actually can do whatever he wants (I think it was cardinal Wolsey or Thomas Moore who said that they(Boleyns, Suffolk and Norfok) had shown King his true power and now he`s uncontrolable). This works here beautifully. Margaery is playing with him so well, allowing him to see that he can do everything, playing on his ego and ambition. And Cersei is here Catholic faith and Catherine of Aragaon who had ways to subdue Henry. I have to say that with this episode, the season 3 looks quite promising.
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 08 April 2013 - 09:13 AM.
2460	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	I figured she was just testing on how cruel/monstrous he really was after the whole conversation with Sansa.The way Joffrey says Yes, reminds me of the Mad King getting aroused by burning people alive. Joffrey seems gets aroused by killing. The way he looks at Marg at that moment...Jack Gleeson is an awesome actor.But the foreshadowing part, you might be right about that.And making being gay punishable by death scared the hell out off me. This just gives the Tyrells one more reason to get rid of Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 08 April 2013 - 09:12 AM.
2461	Narrow C	2013-04-08	For a while I wondered if Joffrey was a "degenerate" because he seemed uninterested in Sansa and other women.But I liked that episode 2 revealed his madness as an attraction to violence. Margaery appeals to him just by talking about killing. The dialogue while they are looking into the mirror is sinister.An attraction to very specific kinds of violence (misogynistic, controlling violence.) He ran away from battle at Blackwater.
2462	Olympia	2013-04-08	I do want to know what Joffrey really thinks of Margaery, because I'm pretty sure he's totally whipped.
2463	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I don't think that it could be clearer that Margaery is playing up a role that is calculated to get into Joffrey's good graces and that paints her as a potential accomplice, which is far preferable to being what Sansa was, a victim.  She's playing him.  There's more than a hint of direct attempted seduction in the scene, but Joffrey doesn't bite (he's completely uninterested in sex for its own sake) and so she adjusts.
It's a particular aspect of her character that the writers are obviously pushing very hard.  She's fearless, and draws that fearlessness from a confidence in her ability to project whatever her audience wants to see.  That was as true with the orphanage scene as it was with her scene with Joffrey.  Joffrey was petrified of getting out of his palanquin in Flea Bottom, just as Sansa was petrified of being around Joffrey.  Margaery can do either, and so far hasn't blinked.  She's a player for real.
	Spoiler I also picked up on the potential PW foreshadowing.  After this scene I'll be surprised if they don't reveal that Margaery slips the poison in the goblet.
2464	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	An attraction to very specific kinds of violence (misogynistic, controlling violence.) He ran away from battle at Blackwater.It's an attraction to violence in which he is specifically in control.  The second he loses that control (as he has shown over and over), his cowardice takes over.  It's a very different sort of sadism than that of, say, The Hound.
2465	Mladen	2013-04-08	It's a particular aspect of her character that the writers are obviously pushing very hard.  She's fearless, and draws that fearlessness from a confidence in her ability to project whatever her audience wants to see.  That was as true with the orphanage scene as it was with her scene with Joffrey.  Joffrey was petrified of getting out of his palanquin in Flea Bottom, just as Sansa was petrified of being around Joffrey.  Margaery can do either, and so far hasn't blinked.  She's a player for real.Further more, never forget she isn`t Sansa. She has full power of her family behind her to protect her and that makes her just like book Margaery fearless
2466	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Further more, never forget she isn`t Sansa. She has full power of her family behind her to protect her and that makes her just like book Margaery fearlessWell, she's in a better spot than Sansa in S2 for certain, but "the full power of her family" is still a finite thing, which makes her situation precarious.  Their betrothal is the lynchpin of the Tully/Lannister alliance and so, if she played Joffrey wrong, she still might find herself in a position of Joffrey abusing her and of her not having much she can do to prevent it.
	Spoiler The Tyrells are plotting the PW specifically because of that precariousness; because they can see that Joffrey can't truly be controlled and because they know that Joffrey+Margaery+Loras is a recipe for Kingslayer Stew.
2467	Uncia	2013-04-08	Not enough Joffrey scenes !!  My only complaint.
I love how the sociopath king arc is crossed with the typical teenager boy wanting get out of his mother's influence (teenager Robb, anyone ?) 
- He is irritated by his mother, but hasn't a direct reason to talk badly to her, so diverts his mood to the tailor.
- He does not want to confide his feelings to his mom 
- He does not want her to touch him
- He does not want her advice
- Manages to humiliate her indirectly (shows contempt for women)
And Margaery owns him. (i didn't like her last season, but now !! she's awesome).
She is pairing up with him like they are both natural born killers, and he totally buys it. She's better at playing the game of thrones than anyone else in KL (close call with LF  though) 
He isn't so much misogynistic (just knows how to enrage his mother), but a true 100% sadistic.
That bit about killing gays was him trying to play her, threatening her family like he did with Sansa, but she didn't take the bait. If she had protested at all, she would have given him a weak spot to dig in.
The actor should get an award, he nails the role.
2468	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Great, great scene. And great forshadowing as well. One of the best of the episode.
2469	velki	2013-04-08	I think the scene was amazingly well played out, personally. Margaery's character taking on some of the Queen of Thorn's aspects between the two makes her a far better character and doesn't harm the Queens of Thorns' character any so far, if you ask me. It was highly entertaining watching her subtle manipulations of Joffrey -- the fact that some people in the audience took her words at face value instead of simply as a means to play Joffrey for a puppet are testament that it was a solid performance.
	Spoiler and goodness her allusion to Joffrey enjoying watching her murder someone while staring right at him in the mirror? Golden.

					
					
							Edited by velki, 08 April 2013 - 09:35 AM.
2470	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I don't think that it could be clearer that Margaery is playing up a role that is calculated to get into Joffrey's good graces and that paints her as a potential accomplice, which is far preferable to being what Sansa was, a victim.  She's playing him.  There's more than a hint of direct attempted seduction in the scene, but Joffrey doesn't bite (he's completely uninterested in sex for its own sake) and so she adjusts.It's a particular aspect of her character that the writers are obviously pushing very hard.  She's fearless, and draws that fearlessness from a confidence in her ability to project whatever her audience wants to see.  That was as true with the orphanage scene as it was with her scene with Joffrey.  Joffrey was petrified of getting out of his palanquin in Flea Bottom, just as Sansa was petrified of being around Joffrey.  Margaery can do either, and so far hasn't blinked.  She's a player for real. I never quite "got" Margaery in the books, and thought of her more as a non-entity.  I think they've made it clear that she's her grandmother's daughter, so to speak, and that makes her a much more interesting character.  I'll take as many Joffrey/Margaery/QoT scenes as I can get, in the same way I liked the Tywin/Arya scenes even though they weren't in the books.
2471	SeanF	2013-04-08	I never quite "got" Margaery in the books, and thought of her more as a non-entity.  I think they've made it clear that she's her grandmother's daughter, so to speak, and that makes her a much more interesting character.  I'll take as many Joffrey/Margaery/QoT scenes as I can get, in the same way I liked the Tywin/Arya scenes even though they weren't in the books.It's a pity that Margaery isn't a Point of View in Feast.  My view is that she is ruthlessly ambitious - as indeed, the series portrays her,
2472	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	How did the scene play out in the books btw.? Did Margery play him just the same, or was it portrayed even better? Or did the QoT play a bigger role instead?
2473	SeanF	2013-04-08	How did the scene play out in the books btw.? Did Margery play him just the same, or was it portrayed even better? Or did the QoT play a bigger role instead?Neither Margaery nor Joffrey is a POV in the books, so we see no interaction between them before the wedding.
2474	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	The thing I found very interesting is that with what is going on (maybe specifically in the US) regarding the status of homosexuality, marriage etc that they would be that blatant about his feelings on it.  I get it's fiction, but all that needs to happen is have that scene be taken out of the context and there is a shitstorm a brewing.I get completely WHY they did it - for the Tyrells it is just another reason to get rid of him, but from a real world perception stand point they could have done that differently.In the same episode we have Joffrey's father say:I don't blame him[Renly]or you[Brienne], no one gets to choose who we love.In one swoop Jaime just justified loving "anyone" they become attracted to in the same episode a king says it should be punishable by death.You can't take one characters words and generalize them to the whole series.
2475	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	Neither Margaery nor Joffrey is a POV in the books, so we see no interaction between them before the wedding.Then what do we see of their motivations? Is there scheming between QoT/Marge, or nothing at all and what happens to Joffrey comes as a surprise?
2476	Mladen	2013-04-08	Then what do we see of their motivations? Is there scheming between QoT/Marge, or nothing at all and what happens to Joffrey comes as a surprise?What happened to Joffrey came by surprise, but LF cleared it out when he talked to Sansa. And motivation is pretty clear. They have met Joffrey and thought it wouldn`t work.
2477	SeanF	2013-04-08	Then what do we see of their motivations? Is there scheming between QoT/Marge, or nothing at all and what happens to Joffrey comes as a surprise?There's a lunch party involving Margaery, Sansa, and Q o T, which will give you quite a big clue as to what the first and last think about Joffrey.  Further dialogue between the Q o T and Sansa, and Littlefinger and Sansa, then provides you with more information.Joffrey's interactions with Sansa show us his sadistic nature.
2478	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.
2479	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	Then what do we see of their motivations? Is there scheming between QoT/Marge, or nothing at all and what happens to Joffrey comes as a surprise?Not surprisingly, the books are somewhat more subtle about this. The lunch scene was very similar to the book, and the QoT's personality is very accurate, as well as what she says. But since the only POV characters in King's Landing at this point in A Storm of Swords are Tyrion and Sansa, we don't get to see the inside workings and plots of the Tyrells like we do with the Lannisters, for example. It's all seen through the eyes of Sansa and sometimes Tyrion, though he only has one short conversation with Olenna if I remember correctly.Unfortunately thus far in the series we haven't had any Tyrell POVs.
2480	Great Winter Knight	2013-04-08	No, im pretty sure she said that it was Renly who had suggested the backdoor idea once when he was very drunk, and she hinted that she took it as a sign of him being gay.She knows he is gay, due to her in the last season saying that she would let her brother get him hot and bothered and she would come in at the end.  It is a testament to her desire to be The Queen.
2481	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I can't help thinking that Renly's character has been pretty comprehensively assasinated in the series.I have similar thoughts. They made him look weak and insecure instead of Big Warrior Fop. He's supposed to look just like young Robert, who was fierce, but just not be fierce. But Margaery saying all that to Joffrey I wouldn't really consider. It is an obvious lie since we saw Renly and Margaery try at it and she was the one that suggested to lie on her stomach and pretend she was Loras. She was just saying all this so Joffrey wouldn't get mad at her.I did think it might've been a little wrong to mention making being gay punishable by death, but I think it also helped show just what a monster he is. I won't consider it a homophobic move by the writers. And since Margaery definitely knows about Loras' interests (show Margaery, I'm not sure if book Margaery does) it'll provide more willingness on her part to serve him some nice purple wine.
2482	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.To show how manipulative the Tyrels truly are. It makes them all the more interesting as a house and as a player in the GoT because on the outside they have that happy, generous appearance, but at their heart (which seems to be the QoT) they are deviously ruthless.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Drizztos, 08 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
2483	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	I don't always agree with the showrunners' choices in deviating from 'scripture,' but in my opinion their handling of Margaery's calculated political machinations has been handled masterfully through these first two episodes.  Lots of foreshadowing both in this scene and in the QoT scene (particularly the look exchanged by Margaery and Olenna when Sansa describes Joff as a monster).  Extremely well-played arc thus far, and in my opinion more interesting than what we're shown in the book.
2484	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.How was it character assassination? We know how political savvy Margaery is in the books, or at least that its hinted, especially considering her grandmother. We know from the books Joffrey is a very cruel boy. He is aged up in the show. Could you imagine the boy from the books being nearly an adult instead of a twelve year old? I thought the scene was good for both characters. Shows the versatility of the actor and actress too. I'm loving Margaery this season.
2485	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I never quite "got" Margaery in the books, and thought of her more as a non-entity.  I think they've made it clear that she's her grandmother's daughter, so to speak, and that makes her a much more interesting character.  I'll take as many Joffrey/Margaery/QoT scenes as I can get, in the same way I liked the Tywin/Arya scenes even though they weren't in the books.Yeah, those scenes in particular have been more of a writers' extrapolation rather than invention.  The Margaery they have presented in the series so far is a bit different from how she's portrayed in the books, but how she's portrayed in the books is presented largely through the lens of highly subjective POV characters.  Sansa thinks very highly of her and sees her as a true friend, though she does note that she seemed more alert and worldly than her handmaidens.  Tyrion, the only other major POV in King's Landing in Book 3, doesn't think much of her at all.  Her charity and popularity with the commoners certainly comes through, but any pre-wedding interaction she had with Joffrey was not revealed.  What David & Dan have come up with is not far off from what a lot of fan consensus regarding what her true nature must be; a highly intelligent player and very much her grandmother's protege, whose primary talent is acting.  This is made more clear in the books in Book 4, where she plays Cersei as thoroughly and easily as the show has her playing Joffrey here.As far as Renly's character, it hasn't been changed at all with this scene.  With regard to the "backdoor incident", Margaery was lying.  With Renly she was frank and overtly not concerned with decorum in private, to the point where she was (to Renly's shock) suggesting that they have a threesome involving her brother, if that's what it took to get him started.  It's highly unlikely that she would have turned down an offer for any form of intercourse with Renly.  But with Joffrey, the speed and ease with which she throws Renly under the bus is remarkable.  She invents a scene that plays up both her "innocence" and Renly's "perversion", knowing full well that it will play to Joffrey's inclinations and worm her way into his good graces, which of course is her intent from the start.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 08 April 2013 - 10:18 AM.
2486	David Selig	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was. If this is sarcasm, great job. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2487	cybobbie	2013-04-08	I can't help thinking that Renly's character has been pretty comprehensively assasinated in the series.I don't like that they only point Renly's sexuality all the time in a mean way or in a joke. I'm fine with the fact that the series are only based in the books, I mean the writers have total freedom as GRRM stated many times, but they write about Renly  as he wasn't anything more than the gay man that loved Loras, that's bothers me.For a while I wondered if Joffrey was a "degenerate" because he seemed uninterested in Sansa and other women.But I liked that episode 2 revealed his madness as an attraction to violence. Margaery appeals to him just by talking about killing. The dialogue while they are looking into the mirror is sinister.Well I never thought that Joffrey didn't like women, but always thought that he was totally twisted because of his attraction to violence and sadism. I think that this was already showed in season two, when he tortures a prostitute, so it was clear to me. However what I liked about the scene is that after knowing that he bis a "monster" by Sansa, Mag really uses well the information and plays him in this scene, getting more knowledge about who Joffrey really is.The end of the scene was almost creepy, when they faced the mirror. Despite the fact that I don't like Natalie Dormer too much as Mag - maybe because of her previous roles in other series and because she is very different from the Mag that I pictured in my head while reading the books, but don't get me wrong, it's not that I don't like the actress, I don't like the casting of her for this particular character -  the scene was great. Also, as usual, Jack Gleeson is so perfect that he scares me lol I mean he managed to make a Joffrey that I hate more than the one from the books for his awesome performance.
					
					
							Edited by cybobbie, 08 April 2013 - 10:36 AM.
2488	franko99	2013-04-08	I have similar thoughts. They made him look weak and insecure instead of Big Warrior Fop. He's supposed to look just like young Robert, who was fierce, but just not be fierce. But Margaery saying all that to Joffrey I wouldn't really consider. It is an obvious lie since we saw Renly and Margaery try at it and she was the one that suggested to lie on her stomach and pretend she was Loras. She was just saying all this so Joffrey wouldn't get mad at her.I did think it might've been a little wrong to mention making being gay punishable by death, but I think it also helped show just what a monster he is. I won't consider it a homophobic move by the writers. And since Margaery definitely knows about Loras' interests (show Margaery, I'm not sure if book Margaery does) it'll provide more willingness on her part to serve him some nice purple wine.I actually took it the other way. Joffrey has been set up to be a sadist monster, and only a monster could think of killing someone just for who they love. Also let's not forget that sodomy was illegal in some countries in medieval Europe, Joffrey was acting just like a tyrant would do
2489	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I think Joffrey may honestly believe that Margaery may not know about Loras being Renly's lover.  His contempt for women is severe enough that he actually may believe he's tricking her when saying that, and that's about consistent with Joffrey's level of cunning.
2490	pleonasm	2013-04-08	Natalie Dormer is a fine actress, I just wish they had cast a more age appropriate Margaery. Watching a thirtysomething year old actress manipulate a one dimensional sadist like Joffrey isn't exactly the most compelling material. There would be no way Book Margaery would ever be placed in a room alone with Joffrey.
I do wish Joffrey, since he is much older than he is in the books, would have actually develop in someway beyond the fact that he is an entitled, immature, sadist. Joffrey actually listening to Cersei and then trying to figure out Margaery's intentions could have been pretty interesting. Or have Margaery try and play him and realize this twisted entitled little shit can't be played. That said, that scene is probably coming down the road when its clear to Margaery that Joffrey is not really manageable and hence needs to be killed off.
2491	K26dp	2013-04-08	Dormer's Maergery Tyrell is the breakout character of the show for me. I liked her in S2, but she's been a lot of fun this season.
2492	Uncia	2013-04-08	"I do wish Joffrey, since he is much older than he is in the books, would have actually develop in someway beyond the fact that he is an entitled, immature, sadist." Even if he turned fifty, he would still be an entitled, immature, sadist."Joffrey actually listening to Cersei " I know it's fantasy, but a teenager (with power) listening nicely to his mother would be surreal. Totally fake.
2493	zaphodbrx	2013-04-08	I have to say that even though I read the books I was quite afraid for Margery when she was alone in the room with that deranged crossbow wielding lunatic.
Remember what happened the last time women tried to seduce him?
2494	K26dp	2013-04-08	I have to say that even though I read the books I was quite afraid for Margery when she was alone in the room with that deranged crossbow wielding lunatic.Remember what happened the last time women tried to seduce him?Clearly the scene was set up for the audience to recall that scene. The fact that Maergery didn't make any real overt sexual advances was the difference I think. They even made a point of showing her hand near his on the crossbow, but not taking the liberty of actually touching him.I think she correctly saw that anything like that is going to have to be on his terms only.
2495	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-08	I can't help thinking that Renly's character has been pretty comprehensively assasinated in the series.from casting to death they messed it up, and now they are stomping on the grave. Too bad, he was a great book character.
2496	siberia82	2013-04-08	Since Joffrey knows that Renly is a <U+0080><U+009C>degenerate<U+0080><U+009D>, then surely he is aware that Loras is one, too. (As depicted on the show, the rumours surrounding the former Lord of Storm<U+0080><U+0099>s End and the Knight of Flowers are fairly rampant.) When Joff tells Margaery that he plans to execute all homosexuals, was he also trying to test her loyalty towards him (and not just expressing his disgust towards gay men)? By subtly threatening that he would kill Loras for his <U+0080><U+009C>perversions,<U+0080><U+009D> he may have been curious as to how Margaery would react. At least to me, that would make his character even more twisted than if you take his comment simply at face value.
Considering how homophobic Joffrey is on the show (I don<U+0080><U+0099>t recall his attitude being this extreme in the novels), it surprises me that he hasn<U+0080><U+0099>t made any derogatory remarks about Loras<U+0080><U+0099> (or Renly<U+0080><U+0099>s) sexuality during the dinner scene in the last episode. It just seems like the kind of thing he would enjoy doing (or perhaps he has enough brain to realize that Loras would probably murder him for the insult).
2497	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Gleeson has been so far quite superb on his role, and I think Joffrey is one of the few characters whose adaptation I dare to say is even better than the books. A Joff's pov could have been interesting, and this is the closest thing we're having.Joffery's mood swings, from dangerously inquisitive, to momentarily gallant and manly, to chillingly bloodthirsty, were absolutely NAILED by Jack Glesson, I remain a huge fan.Agree and I'm mad that he's not more featured in the show promos: he deserves it. I really hope this time he's not ignored for important awards, as he's having very important and dramatic scenes coming soon
	Spoiler and this might be his last season. 
Margery has you fooled the way she has Joffrey fooled.  She was rewriting history to get on her king's good side.  In reality, she definitely suggested "turning over and pretending" she was Loras for Renly in bed.  But I don't think Margery is going to mention that little detail to Joffrey, given that he seems to want to punish gay people--including her beloved brother--with execution.I  don't think this would affect Loras because there is no actual evidence that Loras was Renly's lover: Joffrey was just teasing her and proving whether she's a softly like Sansa or she wouldn't mind if he orders to execute her brother. Yes, I think Joffrey knows about it, everybody knows but can be proved? Tywin wouldn't allow the Lannisters accuse the Tyrell's son so casually after they just saved their butts. Whatsoever, she could be punished by the fact she's lying about being innocent and virginal, which is something Loras assured in front of the King and the whole court she was but we know she isn't. This is something I don't like that much about showMargaery, as the books are never clear whether she's truly innocent or she's just pretending: showMargaery is definitely more cunning about sex and seduction that bookMarg and the whole ambivalence about her is lost.
2498	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Considering how homophobic Joffrey is on the show (I don<U+0080><U+0099>t recall his attitude being this extreme in the novels), it surprises me that he hasn<U+0080><U+0099>t made any derogatory remarks about Loras<U+0080><U+0099> (or Renly<U+0080><U+0099>s) sexuality during the dinner scene in the last episode. It just seems like the kind of thing he would enjoy doing (or perhaps he has enough brain to realize that Loras would probably murder him for the insult).He isn't much more homophobiic than most characters would be in a pseudo-medieval setting. He just said that to test Maergary's loyalty.
2499	Mladen	2013-04-08	Since Joffrey knows that Renly is a <U+0080><U+009C>degenerate<U+0080><U+009D>, then surely he is aware that Loras is one, too. (As depicted on the show, the rumours surrounding the former Lord of Storm<U+0080><U+0099>s End and the Knight of Flowers are fairly rampant.) When Joff tells Margaery that he plans to execute all homosexuals, was he also trying to test her loyalty towards him (and not just expressing his disgust towards gay men)? By subtly threatening that he would kill Loras for his <U+0080><U+009C>perversions,<U+0080><U+009D> he may have been curious as to how Margaery would react. At least to me, that would make his character even more twisted than if you take his comment simply at face value.I would see this scene also as an intro to, as some fans predicted, Sansa/Loras wedding plans. Since Loras is still not in Kingsguard, and Sansa is free to marry, as Tyrion noted, and when you add Joffrey`s homophobia to that, I can easily see Margaery and QOT organizing these wedding plans to protect Loras from Joffrey.
2500	SeanF	2013-04-08	Most characters who know about Renly and Loras joke contemptuously about them, rather than suggesting that they're "degenerates" who deserve death.
I'm not sure if even Joffrey really thinks that.  I speculate (not having seen the Episode) that he takes Margaery's claim that Renly only wanted to bugger her at face value, and thinks this is a way of impressing her.
2501	anizzle	2013-04-08	Another thing I loved about this scene is that Marg is setting her self with Joffrey to not just be the person who will let him do whatever he wants, jerkin' it to murder and whatever, but to be perceived by Joffrey as the only one who understands him and his wants, so he can be manipulated more greater ease.
2502	Titan	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books.Just because a scene is not in the "holy scripture" of GRRM does not make it character assassination. Far from it. This scene fits very well with what we know from the books.Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
2503	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	He isn't much more homophobiic than most characters would be in a pseudo-medieval setting. He just said that to test Maergary's loyalty.I don't think "homophobia" is even the right word to use in this situation, as in their world, same sex relationships aren't "normal" nor accepted as in mostly cultures nowadays. Actually, being ok with it would be the oddity.
2504	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	I don't think "homophobia" is even the right word to use in this situation, as in their world, same sex relationships aren't "normal" nor accepted as in mostly cultures nowadays. Actually, being ok with it would be the oddity.Unfortunately, same sex relationships aren't seen as normal nor accepted in most cultures nowadays. It's not even legal for them to marry in most of the Western World, let alone the east. But yeah, Middle Ages were much worse. Also, it's homophobia, wheter the rest of the population agrees with it or not.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Mark Selmy, 08 April 2013 - 01:00 PM.
2505	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I don't think "homophobia" is even the right word to use in this situation, as in their world, same sex relationships aren't "normal" nor accepted as in mostly cultures nowadays. Actually, being ok with it would be the oddity.Depends on the medieval setting.  In some locations / timeframes, a prediliction toward homosexual affairs, particularly among the nobility, was viewed as more of a personal quirk or vice than a punishable-by-death offense.  In others, it was viewed as much worse.  Westeros appears to view it closer to the former; Renly and Loras's affair, while common knowledge, appears to be seen by most as fodder for jokes and innuendo, but without much in the way of consequences beyond that.  Loras is still revered for his abilities as a jouster, and Renly is crowned king and amasses the largest army of any of the five kings.  Joffrey's proposed law would very much be an outlier.  Even Stannis doesn't go anywhere near that far, and Stannis is prudish to the extreme."Homophobia" is still probably the wrong word, though.  Joffrey wanting to put homosexuals to death is, oddly, not particularly indicative of particular hatred toward them.  He just doesn't need much of an excuse to have people killed.
2506	hazlnut	2013-04-08	I think this is leading to a scene in which Joffrey achieves sexual climax from watching Margaery kill or harms someone, possibly one of the orphans.
Depending on how dark they want to go with Margaery, she may be portrayed as indifferent to the victim's suffering, or later, away from Joffrey, sickened by her actions.
Children and the protection of children is a major theme in series and the books.  If they intend to build Margaery as a more sinister version of Cersei (hard to imagine such a thing, I know) but this could be a way to achieve the ultimate bad queen--caring for Orphans in public, torturing them in private.
2507	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	Joffrey seemed rather awkward when he was contemplating Renly's perversion and talking about putting other deviants to death. Sort of like he was painfully aware of his own twisted nature perhaps? It was hard to read, in a "what's going on in his head right now?" kind of way. Really good acting.
2508	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-08	I, too, love Marge on the show. Moreover, I choose to believe that the show is just affirming what I've always believed to be true -- in the books, Marge knows exactly what she's doing. Her family may play a larger role in her machinations in the books, but you don't grow up under the watchful eye of Olenna and not learn a few tricks. I'm especially interested in seeing how the show is going to portray the Moon Tea scandal.
I don't think Marge was in much physical danger during that meeting with Joff, though. Yes, she was definitely in a tense situation, but Joff mistreated whores. That's a big step down from a royally betrothed Tyrell daughter. He wasn't going to beat her, but she definitely had to play that situation correctly if she wanted to keep Joff in her corner. Joff is fickle. After Sansa witnessed his weakness during the Stark trek from Winterfell, she never had any hope.
2509	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-08	Joffrey seemed rather awkward when he was contemplating Renly's perversion and talking about putting other deviants to death. Sort of like he was painfully aware of his own twisted nature perhaps? It was hard to read, in a "what's going on in his head right now?" kind of way. Really good acting.  After that scene my wife (who hasn't read the books) predicted that Joffrey was secretly gay. 
							Edited by Big Daddy Dave, 08 April 2013 - 02:24 PM.
2510	Mladen	2013-04-08	After that scene my wife (who hasn't read the books) predicted that Joffrey was secretly gay. I doubt that. I think he was perhaps asexual, or had some deep troubling problems when sex is concerned.
2511	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	An attraction to very specific kinds of violence (misogynistic, controlling violence.) He ran away from battle at Blackwater.Yeah, he ran away from that battle. But I meant violence as a female attribute. Margaery showed a liking for violence and Joffrey was attracted to it.
2512	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	I doubt that. I think he was perhaps asexual, or had some deep troubling problems when sex is concerned.This.  He's just not particularly interested in sex.  His ability to perceive visceral pleasure is limited entirely to his ability to serve his sadism.  The degree to which that involves sex is probably only limited to his ability to use sex to deliver pain.  He's probably more interested in raping Sansa than he is in having sex with his completely willing fiancee.
2513	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	This.  He's just not particularly interested in sex.  His ability to perceive visceral pleasure is limited entirely to his ability to serve his sadism.  The degree to which that involves sex is probably only limited to his ability to use sex to deliver pain.  He's probably more interested in raping Sansa than he is in having sex with his completely willing fiancee.Criminal Minds -- Westeros.
2514	siberia82	2013-04-08	I would see this scene also as an intro to, as some fans predicted, Sansa/Loras wedding plans. Since Loras is still not in Kingsguard, and Sansa is free to marry, as Tyrion noted, and when you add Joffrey`s homophobia to that, I can easily see Margaery and QOT organizing these wedding plans to protect Loras from Joffrey.That's a very interesting theory---I found it a bit odd that TV!Olenna didn't mention anything about a betrothal, but the writers are probably saving this scene for a future episode. Marrying Loras to Sansa in this case is not just about the Tyrells having a potential claim to the North, but it's also a way to protect Loras should Joffrey begin his extermination of "degenerates." As much as Loras dislikes the idea of being married to a woman, this possible threat on his life will make it easier for Olenna and Margaery to convince him that he has to marry Sansa.I've just realized that there seems to be more animosity between Loras and Joffrey on the show than in the novels. We don't have the PoV for either Loras or Joff in ASoIaF, but outwardly at least, there didn't seem to be any obvious hate between the two characters. In the TV series, however, Loras called Joffrey a "monster" in Season 1, and in the Season 2 finale, Loras' body language couldn't conceal how disgusted he was at having to bend the knee to the boy-king. When I first watched the moment where Joffrey yells "No flowers!" to the tailor, I suspected that it might be a clue that he despised the Knight of Flowers for not being "manly" enough. His scene with Margaery then confirmed my belief (and it even went beyond my expectations).Is it any wonder that TV!Loras is not part of Joff's Kingsguard? It's not just because the writers wanted to make him available for marriage; Loras on the show would never volunteer to be Joffrey's bodyguard, and Joff himself wouldn't want a "deviant" to don the white cloak.
2515	The Others Take Ya	2013-04-08	I doubt that. I think he was perhaps asexual, or had some deep troubling problems when sex is concerned.This.  He's just not particularly interested in sex.  His ability to perceive visceral pleasure is limited entirely to his ability to serve his sadism.  The degree to which that involves sex is probably only limited to his ability to use sex to deliver pain.  He's probably more interested in raping Sansa than he is in having sex with his completely willing fiancee.Agree! I loved the scene for all the subtle things mentioned above, but the way he kept holding the crossbow in his lap and the way he fired it from his hip made me /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> at the glee he took in using his "equipment". I wondered at first where the gratuitous sex scene was in this episode. (besides Tyrion and Shae, which didn't even have any nudity.) Now I know!
					
					
							Edited by The Others Take Ya, 08 April 2013 - 04:07 PM.
2516	go joff go	2013-04-08	I can't wait until Tommen becomes King and has a major crisis b/t Sir Pounce and Cersei and Margery swoops in and saves the day telling him that he can do whatever he wants b/c he is the king.  You know there is going to be a scene like that.
2517	morningxstar	2013-04-08	I still cant work out if the tyrells sympathy for Sansa is genuine
2518	Mladen	2013-04-08	I still cant work out if the tyrells sympathy for Sansa is genuinePlease stop reading unless you don`t want me to reval some spoilers.The interest Tyrells have for Sansa isn`t as geuine as someone would think. Yes, they are nicer than Lannisters, but they also have their own agenda. Margaery may feel some sympathy for Sansa, but that hasn`t stopped all of them to use Sansa when they needed her and toss her under the bus when they didn`t. Lions and wolves may have teeth, but rose also has thorns. And that`s the deal with Tyrells.
2519	WhiteGuts	2013-04-08	At least with the Lannisters you know what you're dealing with. They are ruthless and utterly without mercy. The Tyrells try to conceal their true nature behind smiles and what not. They are even more dangerous.
2520	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	Loved the scene and I also believe it was foreshadowing PW
2521	Honey Badger	2013-04-08	The Tyrells are setting up some crazy shit for the Lannisters.  Couldn't happen to a nicer family.
2522	morky	2013-04-08	Margaery RULES ! Legit. Natalie Dormer completely nails her character so well. She is perfect.
2523	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	I picked up a different sort of foreshadowing
	Spoiler "wherever whores go"... TWANG!
YUP!
2524	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	After that scene my wife (who hasn't read the books) predicted that Joffrey was secretly gay. I've always thought that.
2525	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	It was really awkward when Margaery implied Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king.Other than that the scene was pretty good, but I don't think it was foreshadowing for the event mentioned. I think it was just Margaery revealing she knew what kind of stuff Joffrey liked to watch and seducing him by saying she would do it for him (like the scene with Ros and other girl in season 2).You seriously misinterpreted that scene.  She was speaking of what Renly wanted from her.  Re-watch it.
2526	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	If this is sarcasm, great job. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />You are too kind sir
2527	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-09	At least with the Lannisters you know what you're dealing with. They are ruthless and utterly without mercy. The Tyrells try to conceal their true nature behind smiles and what not. They are even more dangerous.I partially agree, as the Tyrells being more dangerous because you don't know what to expect from "apparently" nice people, but in the same way, I do think the Tyrells aren't as bad as the Lannisters and I do believe that the Tyrells, individually, are better people than mostly of the Lannister, specially Cersei and Joffrey: no one would expect them to treat a prisoner in the way the Lannister treated Sansa and none of the Tyrells boys would torture or beat an innocent girl, nor threaten to rape her, just because they have control over her.And this happens because they Tyrells have been more prepared to rule and to "play" nice because that's something that benefits them: Cersei and Joffrey both confused being a leader with being plain cruel and do whatever you want and they weren't actually worried that the people was starving during the war. Yet, the doubt I have about the Tyrells is that we still don't know if their goodness towards the common people is genuine or is a facade to get their love and support, which actually hurts no one but benefit both sides: the Tyrells and the people they care about.Now, I wouldn't trust them, though. At the end of the day, they will only worry about their own family and what it's good for them. Would the Tyrells send to murder the King's bastards because they consider them a threat? Doubt it. But they did conspire to kill a King, and we don't know wheter they did because they thought it was a bad leader who eventually would cause more bad than good and he needed to go or because they wanted a King that wouldn't pose a direct threat to Margaery. Hard to tell.
2528	Kienn	2013-04-09	You seriously misinterpreted that scene.  She was speaking of what Renly wanted from her.  Re-watch it.Or you did... and you should? I can see why people think of it differently, but if you can't see where my opinion is from you seriously missed something important.
2529	teemo	2013-04-09	Which one is it?? Because I'm confused.
2530	hollowcrown	2013-04-09	This scene kind made me feel sorry for Joffrey.He's turned on by violence. He's clearly a lonely psychopath and when he was like "do you feel it too?" to Margaery I felt sort of sorry for him.That's a very interesting theory---I found it a bit odd that TV!Olenna didn't mention anything about a betrothal, but the writers are probably saving this scene for a future episode. Marrying Loras to Sansa in this case is not just about the Tyrells having a potential claim to the North, but it's also a way to protect Loras should Joffrey begin his extermination of "degenerates." As much as Loras dislikes the idea of being married to a woman, this possible threat on his life will make it easier for Olenna and Margaery to convince him that he has to marry Sansa.I've just realized that there seems to be more animosity between Loras and Joffrey on the show than in the novels. We don't have the PoV for either Loras or Joff in ASoIaF, but outwardly at least, there didn't seem to be any obvious hate between the two characters. In the TV series, however, Loras called Joffrey a "monster" in Season 1, and in the Season 2 finale, Loras' body language couldn't conceal how disgusted he was at having to bend the knee to the boy-king. When I first watched the moment where Joffrey yells "No flowers!" to the tailor, I suspected that it might be a clue that he despised the Knight of Flowers for not being "manly" enough. His scene with Margaery then confirmed my belief (and it even went beyond my expectations).Is it any wonder that TV!Loras is not part of Joff's Kingsguard? It's not just because the writers wanted to make him available for marriage; Loras on the show would never volunteer to be Joffrey's bodyguard, and Joff himself wouldn't want a "deviant" to don the white cloak.Great call. I imagine the Loras/Sansa bethrothal might happen in another episode, mainly to give the Queen of Thorns a bit more screen time and stuff to do in the series.But then obviously Tywin will put a spanner in the works and there will be the shotgun wedding to Tyrion, maybe after Tywin finds out what Olenna is planning.
					
					
							Edited by hollowcrown, 09 April 2013 - 04:09 AM.
2531	NedStark2013	2013-04-09	I always did wonder if Jon Snow lets say becomes king. I am wondering would GRRM make him offer his a hand so she could stay Queen. I think Margeary would make a better Queen then Cersei easily.
2532	StarkDragon	2013-04-09	It was really awkward when Margaery implied Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king.You seriously misinterpreted that scene.  She was speaking of what Renly wanted from her.  Re-watch it.Or you did... and you should? I can see why people think of it differently, but if you can't see where my opinion is from you seriously missed something important.I'm sorry, I saw the episode as well, and don't see where she's implying "Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king."I did see her moving her fingers toward his hand on the crossbow scene, and that she states a wife's job is to giver her husband children, but that's about it. Since we both missed it, could you be so kind as to elaborate how you were able to understand this important portion of the scene?
2533	teemo	2013-04-09	I thought the bum thing just came up because Renly is gay. I didn't think it meant she was offering up HER bum for Joff. lol.
					
					
							Edited by barbie, 09 April 2013 - 04:11 AM.
2534	Aripyanfar	2013-04-09	There was all sorts of wonderful about that scene.  It was the best and subtlest manipulation that Margaery has pulled off to date in the series.  The scriptwriters, cinematographers and the two actors were just totally superb all around.  Margaery went from "I'm a harmless, dutiful, obedient little girl" to "If you let me I could be a monster just like you and we can be monsters together" in a single scene.  Gleeson's Joff was so volatile, he was "being good" but leaking round the edges with the pressure of restraining himself.  Dormer's Margaery advanced and retreated and retreated and advanced exactly according to Joffrey's responses.
2535	Loras	2013-04-09	There was all sorts of wonderful about that scene.  It was the best and subtlest manipulation that Margaery has pulled off to date in the series.  The scriptwriters, cinematographers and the two actors were just totally superb all around.  Margaery went from "I'm a harmless, dutiful, obedient little girl" to "If you let me I could be a monster just like you and we can be monsters together" in a single scene.  Gleeson's Joff was so volatile, he was "being good" but leaking round the edges with the pressure of restraining himself.  Dormer's Margaery advanced and retreated and retreated and advanced exactly according to Joffrey's responses.I absolutely agree with everything that you have said here.  Though I could have done without the final part where they are looking in the mirror together.
2536	King of the Road	2013-04-09	Yeah I thought exactly the same when I watched it. I always suspected that Margaery was 
	Spoiler  the one who put the poison in Joffrey's cup 
 and that looked to be a wonderful foreshadowing.
I'm really impressed with TV Margaery, she's a wonderful character,  brilliantly written and acted. Never thought I'd be eagerly awaiting more scenes from the Tyrells but Natalie Dormer and Diana Rigg have changed that.
2537	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	I thought the bum thing just came up because Renly is gay. I didn't think it meant she was offering up HER bum for Joff. lol.ummm apparently this forum has found the end point of discussions on GoT when there is a debate over whether Margarey offered Joffrey her bum
2538	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	I thought it interesting that M used the same tact with J as she did with Renly "you are the king, you can do anything you want" appealing to their respective immature, narcissistic sides.  The perfect and parrallel flaws in J and R (one cruel one with an inflated ego).  Compare that to how Davos motivates Stannis-appealing to his honor-"a king should worry about doing right by his people instead of his people doing right by him"
2539	NedStark2013	2013-04-09	I am wondering if She deep down is really females are better then men thinking and she kinda is playing JOffrey to his own end because she has learned from Sansa how much he likes to abuse and be cruel to women. I think Margaery and her Grandmother actually were sencer about Sansa could trust them. I think the that family really serve Targs reall for did before the rebellion but I can see Margaeory wanting to have power and feels deserves something if Joffrey and Renly can have power as Kings.
2540	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-09	Or you did... and you should? I can see why people think of it differently, but if you can't see where my opinion is from you seriously missed something important.I didn't miss anything.  She was clearly making the point to Joffrey that she was still a maid because Renly was gay.
2541	boojam	2013-04-09	First, with appologies to all TV fans who hadn`t read the books, I have to advise you to skip this topic in order not to reveal some spoilers.Now, this scene, was in my opinion, very well executed. It reminded us what Margaery wants and what she`ll get. But then Joffrey put that crossbow into her hands and started conversation:Joffrey: Could you kill something?Margaery: I don`t know, Your Grace. Do you think I could?Joffrey: YesMargaery: Would you like to watch me?Joffrey: YesIn my opinion, this scene wonderfully forshadows one event    
	Spoiler Purple wedding and Tyrell`s involvement in it
So, what do you think? Has this scene, beside Margaery`s political smartness, showed us something more? Has the writers hinted us future events I was talking about? And was this scene meant for book readers for full understanding?It's the first thing I noticed.
	Spoiler What about Shae? Shae's a 'mysterious find!?' by Bronn (who has never reveled where he came from) or much of anything about himself, except for ambiguous events in his childhood, always dodging the final question.Tyrion telling Shae she can't be seen coming into his quarters , she ignores him.In just who's employ is she? If you catch my drift. 

					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 April 2013 - 03:47 PM.
2542	Mladen	2013-04-09	It's the first thing I noticed.
	Spoiler What about Shae? Shae's a 'mysterious find!?' by Bronn (who has never reveled where he came from) or much of anything about himself, except for ambiguous events in his childhood, always dodging the final question.Tyrion telling Shae she can't be seen coming into his quarters , she ignores him.In just who's employ is she? If you catch my drift. 

	Spoiler Well, when she is concerned, I don`t think that even books will give us some great answer, for beside Bronn and Tyrion, all that participated in it are dead. But, I believe that Tywin knowing Tyrion has brought her and the fact he made a threat, I would assume that their relationship lasted for so long. Perhaps even from the very beginning Tyrion met her
2543	Envie	2013-04-09	Yeah, those scenes in particular have been more of a writers' extrapolation rather than invention.  The Margaery they have presented in the series so far is a bit different from how she's portrayed in the books, but how she's portrayed in the books is presented largely through the lens of highly subjective POV characters.  Sansa thinks very highly of her and sees her as a true friend, though she does note that she seemed more alert and worldly than her handmaidens.  Tyrion, the only other major POV in King's Landing in Book 3, doesn't think much of her at all.  Her charity and popularity with the commoners certainly comes through, but any pre-wedding interaction she had with Joffrey was not revealed.  What David & Dan have come up with is not far off from what a lot of fan consensus regarding what her true nature must be; a highly intelligent player and very much her grandmother's protege, whose primary talent is acting.  This is made more clear in the books in Book 4, where she plays Cersei as thoroughly and easily as the show has her playing Joffrey here.As far as Renly's character, it hasn't been changed at all with this scene.  With regard to the "backdoor incident", Margaery was lying.  With Renly she was frank and overtly not concerned with decorum in private, to the point where she was (to Renly's shock) suggesting that they have a threesome involving her brother, if that's what it took to get him started.  It's highly unlikely that she would have turned down an offer for any form of intercourse with Renly.  But with Joffrey, the speed and ease with which she throws Renly under the bus is remarkable.  She invents a scene that plays up both her "innocence" and Renly's "perversion", knowing full well that it will play to Joffrey's inclinations and worm her way into his good graces, which of course is her intent from the start.I really appreciated your views on this and wanted to thank you for such a great explanation. Since we have no POV chapters for Margaery or Joffrey in the books, it's somewhat easy to argue their motivations and personalities for the series. I think the creators have done a spectacular job of bringing both characters to life (as well as the fine acting skills of the actors portraying them). I appreciate these characters a lot more in the HBO series because I'm now seeing them from a different perspective that better displays some terrific motivation exposition for the Tyrells and Lannisters both.Also, I agree with you completely about the sex / Renly scene. I could tell immediately she was playing every card possible to win Joffrey's favor, even lying about Renly straight up while still alluding to just enough of the truth to show her innocence. This was masterfully well played and Joffrey ate it up, all of it, including the 'degenerate' remarks, Margaery's willingness to back his sadistic pleasures as well as any laws he would pass to kill said degenerates even if it includes her own brother was fairly obvious, even to non-book readers as just manipulative talk. Once Margaery learned Joffrey's true nature, thanks to confessions from Sansa, it was simple for her (with Grandma's coaching) to use that exact thing as a tool. And Joffrey is a very easily used tool.
2544	Envie	2013-04-09	Also, in reading the pages of analysis about Joffrey's particular sadistic tendencies, I think the impact of the end scene where he's holding the cross-bow with Margaery was very powerful and ominous (as intended) but may have distracted some viewers from the way the scene opened. 
Do not forget that when Margaery first walked into the room, she was nervous and Joffrey quickly pinned her to the corner by asking outright what her loyalty / respect was for a 'dead man' (Renly) who was a traitor. He boldly asked if it had been 'no place for a woman' at the bedside of a known traitor and then point blank asks why she failed to get pregnant by Renly. Remember that? I think this was possibly Joffrey's carefully veiled threat of knowledge of Renly's (and therefore Loras too) true inclinations. The look on Gleason's face at that moment was really scary and well acted. Margaery falters for the briefest moment before going onward to parry the remark and recover by admitting Renly's particular perversions did not make him a suitable bed partner for 'making children' together and she then gave a perfect confession which won Joffrey over to her side. He was clearly testing her. Show Joffrey is older and much more cunning than book Joffrey. I love him!
2545	teemo	2013-04-09	Envie, you should write a dissertation on this scene..
2546	Envie	2013-04-09	Yay, I just did!
The interwebs are difficult for reading sarcasm but since you said dissertation I have to suspect you were being sarcastic. Fortunately I'm able to remain glib in text because I will insert the obligatory smiley. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2547	teemo	2013-04-09	no, I was being serious! lol. you are giving incredibly insightful views on this scene.
2548	Envie	2013-04-09	no, I was being serious! lol. you are giving incredibly insightful views on this scene.Oh well there I go, making assumptions - my apologies! Thank you! I haven't been on the forums here for a long while, and I'm happy to debate the merits of the show again this season. I'm a huge fan of the books, but I really do enjoy seeing how the writers of the show have interpreted and re-written a lot of scenes that weren't in the books but really do help the show version tell the story in a better way. I felt this scene between Margaery and Joffrey was one of the best to date because of how powerfully well done the exchange and play of emotions were. It's this level of character portrayal that made the books so gripping and I really do believe for the most part (with a few exceptions like Catlyn and maybe Littlefinger) all of the characters are being portrayed really spot on.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 09 April 2013 - 10:08 PM.
2549	teemo	2013-04-09	i went from being indifferent/somewhat disliking this scene to really liking it after reading your insights...bbuuuttt, I have wonder if you're just the smart one making the writers sound better than they are /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2550	Envie	2013-04-09	Give the scene a second watch, that's what I did. I tend to miss a lot the first time I watch an episode because I'm so excited to see everything happening all at once and how cool everything looks that I don't analyze it well until I watch it again with a more critical eye. On second watch, I have to admit,  Joffrey's demeanor and extraordinarily dark sadistic lust was chilling. Give it another go!
2551	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-10	Watching the scene again, the whole crossbow scene it's quite a big symbolism of Joff's sexual awakening, something we haven't yet seen neither in books or the show.
2552	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-10	I was so mad when I first read that Natalie Dormer was playing Margaery. She is a great actress, is stunningly beautiful, I loved her in the Tudors. But she was TOO FREAKING OLD for the part, I felt. Last season, she did well, and they did a good job of making her look young, and the other teens were all aged up anyway, but I was still annoyed.
This season, especially the last episode, has sold me. She is perfect, and this is the best book deviation so far. The way Marg has been fleshed out really enhances her character and makes so much sense.
2553	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-10	My sister said something that had me laughing: "I'm glad that wasn't one of those steampunk automatic gatling-gun-esque crossbows. The subtly would be just a taaaad upended if he shot it."
2554	Mladen	2013-04-10	I appreciate these characters a lot more in the HBO series because I'm now seeing them from a different perspective that better displays some terrific motivation exposition for the Tyrells and Lannisters both.Envie, you really gave a new perspective on the scene and I have to say it I like it. This scene serves many purposes. First as I have already pointed out is foreshadowing of PW, but we have so much more to discuss here. We were already told by Jaime that Renly`s proclivity was worst kept secret at the court, so logically Joffrey would know about Renly/Loras affair. Margaery here isn`t just being tested about Renly, she is tested where he loyalties lie, between her brother and her King. And she wisely gone under Joffrey`s skin and told him that he can do whatever he needs to do (I have already made a comparison between Margaery and Anne Boleyn from Tudors, since Natalie Dormer played both of them). In this scene, we see also 2 things - Margaery`s instinct for survival and also the beginning of
	Spoiler  Loras/Sansa marriage plans, which will be use as shield for Loras against Joffrey 
All in all, Margaery showed here smartness on so many levels, and cleverness of true player. This scene could have been easily been in books, if GRRM had written Margaery`s or Joffrey`s POV. And unlike many scenes last season, in this one we see writer`s intelligence in regard of bringing something new to the table that isn`t in collision with already written material by GRRM
2555	Envie	2013-04-10	Thank you Mladen and I agree - the scene could very well have played out similarly in the books if we'd had a POV from either characters. Margaery doesn't seem that scheming in in the book only because we only hear of her from other characters perspectives and they have no idea. It's not obvious until we hear through Sansa that the Tyrells are very crafty and clever at all (well the women are anyways). The writers of the series took this and ran with it flawlessly.[Envie, you really gave a new perspective on the scene and I have to say it I like it. This scene serves many purposes. First as I have already pointed out is foreshadowing of PW, but we have so much more to discuss here. We were already told by Jaime that Renly`s proclivity was worst kept secret at the court, so logically Joffrey would know about Renly/Loras affair. Margaery here isn`t just being tested about Renly, she is tested where he loyalties lie, between her brother and her King. And she wisely gone under Joffrey`s skin and told him that he can do whatever he needs to do ... <snip>Yes! Exactly. I think too many people missed the point that Joffrey very much already knew about Renly and Loras. He's lived at court all his life and he heard the usual gossip everyone else did. Why else would he already have plans to make it punishable by death if he hadn't already heard? To me, that scene is very much about Joffrey testing Margaery's loyalty and Margaery passing with flying colors (even though she's lying) ... so much so that by the end scene where he's holding her and the crossbow, we get to see just how deviant his sexual nature is - he's only turned on by sadistic controlled violence. Margaery knew this because of Sansa's confessions and knew how to play him. Olenna and Margaery already know at this point that it does not matter whether or not Joffrey is a monster or not because they're already making plans to eliminate him regardless so Margaery's support (lie) of Joffrey's desire to kill all 'degenerates' even if it includes her brother doesn't matter - she doesn't think he's really in any danger since they don't intend for Joffrey to remain king. By saying "Pity" and eye-rolling at the end of the luncheon with Sansa, viewers are clued in to the fact they don't really care if Joffrey's a bad king or a good king. They would prefer a kind hearted person, easier to manipulate (like the male Tyrells are apparently) but since he's not, they have to go another route to overcome the political obstacle.
2556	aedalia	2013-04-10	I hadn't thought about the foreshadowing! Thank you!
I just thought it was clever and was a good way to show how cruel Joff is, since in the show they reallyjust had to hit the high points, as it were, with his depravity. It was also a good way to show how smart Margaery is. It was like a little test to see if they could work with him.
2557	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-10	Upon further reflection, I wonder why so much effort was put into Margaery winning Joffrey over. The wedding is set, and as the QoT's "Pity" comment shows, it's already a done deal that it will be purple. His fate is sealed, so why work so hard to manipulate him and make him so besotted? If he was going to remain the king, and her husband, that would make more sense.
I suppose it would help ensure that he doesn't try and do anything really nasty to Marg before the wedding, which might have been the case if he thought she was another potential victim like Sansa.
2558	Envie	2013-04-10	That is probably exactly the intentions. We may be reading too much into it - maybe it was just a simple scene to show she was capable of being more politcally savvy than Sansa who was innocent and victimized. I think the scene was far more complex then that and that's why I keep writing a lot about it. The forshadowing and predictions revealed are far better hints than we ever got in the books.
2559	Mladen	2013-04-10	To me, that scene is very much about Joffrey testing Margaery's loyalty and Margaery passing with flying colors (even though she's lying) ... so much so that by the end scene where he's holding her and the crossbow, we get to see just how deviant his sexual nature is - he's only turned on by sadistic controlled violence. Margaery knew this because of Sansa's confessions and knew how to play him. Olenna and Margaery already know at this point that it does not matter whether or not Joffrey is a monster or not because they're already making plans to eliminate him regardless so Margaery's support (lie) of Joffrey's desire to kill all 'degenerates' even if it includes her brother doesn't matter - she doesn't think he's really in any danger since they don't intend for Joffrey to remain king.When you mix up a bit books and TV show, you get a great picture of Tyrells. They already knew the truth about Joffrey, but not in extent Sansa could tell the. That`s why they needed Sansa, to interogate her and find out whether what LF told them is actually true. So, when they get their confirmation, they proceed. And after they realized it`s true, they turned to the only solution they had - kill Joffrey and use Tommen.By saying "Pity" and eye-rolling at the end of the luncheon with Sansa, viewers are clued in to the fact they don't really care if Joffrey's a bad king or a good king. They would prefer a kind hearted person, easier to manipulate (like the male Tyrells are apparently) but since he's not, they have to go another route to overcome the political obstacle.I wouldn`t be so certain male Tyrells are more naive than female. Loras played his game quite a lot of time, and Garlan was suspiciously close to Joffrey`s cup, even closer than Olenna. And God knows what happened between Willas and Oberyn.Upon further reflection, I wonder why so much effort was put into Margaery winning Joffrey over. The wedding is set, and as the QoT's "Pity" comment shows, it's already a done deal that it will be purple. His fate is sealed, so why work so hard to manipulate him and make him so besotted? If he was going to remain the king, and her husband, that would make more sense.Because, this wasn`t about Margaery. This was about Loras`s safety. To keep him away of Joffrey. Margaery manipulated him to do what he wants and secured herself, but now they had to protect Loras. For if Joffrey starts killing `degenerates`, Loras will be at the top of the list. So, they are `dancing` to Joffrey`s tune while they arrange Sansa/Loras marriage.
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 10 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
2560	Envie	2013-04-10	I wouldn`t be so certain male Tyrells are more naive than female. Loras played his game quite a lot of time, and Garlan was suspiciously close to Joffrey`s cup, even closer than Olenna. And God knows what happened between Willas and Oberyn.It's true, Loras is quite good at the game and managed to remain popular because of his jousting skills and has oodles more personality than his elder male Tyrell counterparts. Perhaps the image of the older men being big oafs was just part of the rose illusion too, it's hard to tell with so few details about them given in the books. We have Lady Olenna's outspoken opinions and not much else.What's key important to me is that we're given some insight in these scenes that we did not get in the books. While yes, certain details and characters have been changed a lot, most of the major plots have remained true to writing. Sub-plots around them support alternative views, again, since we didn't have POV thoughts from many of the book characters. If Lady Olenna reveals that she thinks her late husband and son are idiots, then that's the opinion viewers are getting, leaving everyone to suspect her involvement because she herself admits she's 'far more interesting then the rest of them' and Margaery has already clearly displayed complete willingness to do whatever it takes to become Queen (from season 3 with Renly). Doing whatever it takes even risking her own brother's life, to appease an insanely dangerous boy king like Joffrey is definitely clear indication that assassination is not off the table for them at all.
2561	Mladen	2013-04-10	[/size]It's true, Loras is quite good at the game and managed to remain popular because of his jousting skills and has oodles more personality than his elder male Tyrell counterparts. Perhaps the image of the older men being big oafs was just part of the rose illusion too, it's hard to tell with so few details about them given in the books. We have Lady Olenna's outspoken opinions and not much else.What's key important to me is that we're given some insight in these scenes that we did not get in the books. While yes, certain details and characters have been changed a lot, most of the major plots have remained true to writing. Sub-plots around them support alternative views, again, since we didn't have POV thoughts from many of the book characters. If Lady Olenna reveals that she thinks her late husband and son are idiots, then that's the opinion viewers are getting, leaving everyone to suspect her involvement because she herself admits she's 'far more interesting then the rest of them' and Margaery has already clearly displayed complete willingness to do whatever it takes to become Queen (from season 3 with Renly). Doing whatever it takes even risking her own brother's life, to appease an insanely dangerous boy king like Joffrey is definitely clear indication that assassination is not off the table for them at all.Tyrells are like rose. I think GRRM had carefully chosen their sigil and words, and he uses that as their philosophy. They are epiphany of beauty and manners, they can enchant anyone and they are certainly quite capable in making people love them. But, for all that beauty, rose hides the thorns, and if you squeeze it hard, you will feel thorns piercing your hand. They are unite as Starks, rich as Lannisters, dangerous as Martells. That`s why they are growing strong, from Conquest all the way till now.Unlike last season when there were some questionable changes, I like this year`s changes. Especially concerning Tyrells. It is a fresh air of danger and political smartness that tops everyone else. Also, we have deepening characters and creating more drama (which is for TV much needed)And as you said in the last line, they are not above assasination. And this scene wonderfully portrays it. They will play around, do necessery courtship, but above all, they will do what must be done to ensure their growth. For exchanging Joffrey with Tommen is ensuring that they prosper. And beside winter and the fact almost every major House is failing, Tyrells are growing stronger and are in misummer`s eve.
2562	Batman	2013-04-16	It was really awkward when Margaery implied Joffrey could do it in her bum if he wanted cause he's king.If he didnt love her before....
2563	Valya of Myr	2013-04-17	She was saying that she had even offered to let Renly "go in the back door" just to try and get him in bed with her at all, because he didn't like girl parts.I cant believe that b*tch said that to joffrey! renly was his uncle, and he was a thousand times better king than the little monster shes about to marry! even if it's a part of her plan and she was trying to play innocent pretty girl, she should NOT have told joffrey his uncle wasnt a "good" husband. great scene anyway.. joffrey was perfectly played. mean as usual!
2564	timthenchant3r	2013-04-08	Jojen tells Bran in this episode that he "saw" the rebellion.  Does this mean he saw what happened at the TOJ? Is it possible he knows the promise, or how Howland saved Ned?
2565	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-08	I wondered what he meant by that as well. I am assuming he had a green dream, but of everything or part of it? Perhaps we will find out.
2566	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	That kind of disappointed me when he said Howland never told them about the rebellion. Convinced me that we wouldn't get the knight of the laughing tree story in the show. but I guess that's not really the rebellion.
2567	shiola	2013-04-08	The bigger question is why wouldn't Howland tell them anything about it?  Are the crannogmen so far removed from Westerosi politics?  I'd think not.
2568	King of Winters	2013-04-08	I was really hoping then that Bran would tell Jojen about the ToJ, but know you've brought this up then maybe Jojen will be the one who will possibly reveal what really happened there.
2569	Azhole Ahai	2013-04-08	I was really hoping then that Bran would tell Jojen about the ToJ, but know you've brought this up then maybe Jojen will be the one who will possibly reveal what really happened there.He will probably tell Bran or instruct Bran on how to develop his own sight in order for him to see the battle at the Tower of Joy
2570	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-08	This season I fully expect Jojen to tell Bran about the Tower of Joy.  That is the scene of a failry important part of the story and it's something that TV viewers know nothing about.  This is the perfect time to shed some light on it for them.
2571	Lady KotLT	2013-04-08	That kind of disappointed me when he said Howland never told them about the rebellion. Convinced me that we wouldn't get the knight of the laughing tree story in the show. but I guess that's not really the rebellion. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This was my worry also!! I love when they tell Bran about the knight of the laughing tree, hope they include it!
2572	kevin1989	2013-04-08	That kind of disappointed me when he said Howland never told them about the rebellion. Convinced me that we wouldn't get the knight of the laughing tree story in the show. but I guess that's not really the rebellion.Please no, let that not be in the show.
2573	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Please no, let that not be in the show.I can see why it wouldnt go so well on the show, but It's one of the major R+L=J hints that can be done without visual spoilers.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 08 April 2013 - 05:40 PM.
2574	Lady Octarina	2013-04-08	The books give me the impression Howland told his children all about the rebellion, Harrenhall and the ToJ, so I was surprised when Jojen said on the show that his father never talked about it, but since he seems to have seen it in his green dreams... yes, I think he will have the same level of knowledge on that subject on the show that he does on the books, and I certainly hope they will include the KotLT story!
I was more intrigued by his ability to communicate with Bran through their dreams, actually.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Octarina, 08 April 2013 - 05:41 PM.
2575	kevin1989	2013-04-08	I can see why it wouldnt go so well on the show, but It's one of the major R+L=J hints that can be done without visual spoilers.Can be done in a different way. And if they do it, please do it in season 4 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Because than we have Oberyn. So it would be nice to have some attention on Rheagar. But this can still be in a different way than the books. But the problem is that the story is too long, it would mean 10 minutes to tell that story, and the only important thing is a little hint. Can be done better. But we'll have to see.
2576	thegreatwhitebear	2013-04-08	They may be able to do a summary type thing in a prologue before the credits with just the main points of the story. Maybe a quick story by the fire before bed type of thing.  Idk. 10 mins on a couple of characters is kinda long for this show.
2577	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Can be done in a different way. And if they do it, please do it in season 4 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Because than we have Oberyn. So it would be nice to have some attention on Rheagar. But this can still be in a different way than the books. But the problem is that the story is too long, it would mean 10 minutes to tell that story, and the only important thing is a little hint. Can be done better. But we'll have to see.I've been thinking for a while about how they can do this. I don't think the viewers would be able to piece it together, I don't think they would even be able to tell who the wild wolf/young wolf are, let alone Ashara, Lyanna, or even Robert. They would likely have to reword the whole thing and even then it would be a long scene that's basically a nod to the readers. That being said they have to eventually do something to hint at Jon's parentage to make it seem like it actually makes sense rather than a completely out of the blue name drop.
2578	greensleeves	2013-04-08	I totally thought thread was going to be about "The only one thing that matters: you".  I don't remember that line from the books, but it seems to imply that Jon, R+L=J, and basically everyone else is of lesser importance.
2579	littleayrastark	2013-04-08	I think they are trying to avoid big monologue info dumps (unless they can get a naked lady or two in the picture than they are all for it). From reading unsullied forums I gather that a lot of tv only fans have already speculated R and L as Jon's biological parents without being hit over the head with flashbacks, even if the details are still pretty undefined. If they do address it at some point in the show it will be visual. Maybe Bran sees it in a green dream or something similar. Characters talking for a long time about past events do not work as well in tv, unless it is a story to flesh out a character like when Tyrion told Shae about his experience with the prostitute who he almost married at 16.
2580	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	I totally thought thread was going to be about "The only one thing that matters: you".  I don't remember that line from the books, but it seems to imply that Jon, R+L=J, and basically everyone else is of lesser importance.That specific line is not in it, as I recall, Jojen isn't quite so blatent but he makes it pretty clear that his entire purpose is to find Bran and bring him somewhere. I don't think it really makes him more important overall, but rather makes his personal quest important because Bran will have a big role to play in the end. I think they are trying to avoid big monologue info dumps (unless they can get a naked lady or two in the picture than they are all for it). From reading unsullied forums I gather that a lot of tv only fans have already speculated R and L as Jon's biological parents without being hit over the head with flashbacks, even if the details are still pretty undefined. If they do address it at some point in the show it will be visual. Maybe Bran sees it in a green dream or something similar. Characters talking for a long time about past events do not work as well in tv, unless it is a story to flesh out a character like when Tyrion told Shae about his experience with the prostitute who he almost married at 16.Perhaps I understimate people, but if you could predict R+L=J from watching the show then you're either a fucking wizard or not really unsullied.
2581	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	Jojen tells Bran in this episode that he "saw" the rebellion.  Does this mean he saw what happened at the TOJ? Is it possible he knows the promise, or how Howland saved Ned?Anything is possible with greendreams is it not?That kind of disappointed me when he said Howland never told them about the rebellion. Convinced me that we wouldn't get the knight of the laughing tree story in the show. but I guess that's not really the rebellion.No it's not the rebellion.The bigger question is why wouldn't Howland tell them anything about it?  Are the crannogmen so far removed from Westerosi politics?  I'd think not.Killing people, over throwing a dynasty that united the seven kingdoms? There's nothing good that could come out of the rebellion stories to kids. Ned did the same, he didn't talk about the rebelllion to Sansa, Arya, Bran or Rickon. Robb and Jon might know a few things but they're older.Jojen is suppose to be like what 12?I totally thought thread was going to be about "The only one thing that matters: you".  I don't remember that line from the books, but it seems to imply that Jon, R+L=J, and basically everyone else is of lesser importance.As far as Jojen is concerned Bran is the one that matters. His mission? Bring him to the three eyed raven.
2582	Bayard	2013-04-08	Perhaps I understimate people, but if you could predict R+L=J from watching the show then you're either a fucking wizard or not really unsullied.Yeah, most of the unsullied who figured it out, are actually people spoiled by the book-readers, or even worse, other unsullied. The theory of R+L=J spread like wildfire to whomever was interested in this show.They have 2 seasons for ASOS, the story of the KotLT should be in it, especially because Bran has very little to do from no on. We have 6-7 book chapters for 4 seasons of show!! Plenty of time to do whatever they want.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 08 April 2013 - 07:23 PM.
2583	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	The bigger question is why wouldn't Howland tell them anything about it?  Are the crannogmen so far removed from Westerosi politics?  I'd think not.What does Westerosi politics have to do with the TOJ battle?
2584	Lord Damian	2013-04-08	They cannot tell about the Tower of Joy yet. We never get Ned's dream in season one, I wish there was some self reflection in some of the povs on the show.
2585	greensleeves	2013-04-09	That specific line is not in it, as I recall, Jojen isn't quite so blatent but he makes it pretty clear that his entire purpose is to find Bran and bring him somewhere. I don't think it really makes him more important overall, but rather makes his personal quest important because Bran will have a big role to play in the end.As far as Jojen is concerned Bran is the one that matters. His mission? Bring him to the three eyed raven.That's not the impression I got at all.  He says he saw Ned's death and he saw the rebellion, but none of that matters.  The only one thing that matters is Bran... and that's why he's chosen to dedicate himself to Bran in the first place.
2586	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	If they brought up TOJ viewers would have no idea what is going on. Can't throw too much new information at people.
Before I read the books I had to watch every episode twice to understand what was going on. And even then I was left confused at times.
2587	victim	2013-04-09	That's not the impression I got at all.  He says he saw Ned's death and he saw the rebellion, but none of that matters.  The only one thing that matters is Bran... and that's why he's chosen to dedicate himself to Bran in the first place.It's just a way for Jojen to tell Bran how important his power is. To the Crannogmen, someone like Bran is far more important to the realm than whoever is King, or whatever happened in the past.
2588	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	I was a little confused, Jojen said Bran could see into the past and any time, then said he couldn't.  Next thing he does is say he saw the rebellion.
2589	Winterz	2013-04-09	I was really hoping then that Bran would tell Jojen about the ToJ, but know you've brought this up then maybe Jojen will be the one who will possibly reveal what really happened there.This ^. It seems clear to me that the show won't wait for Howland to come and maybe tell us a happy story. I'm sure Jojen (if he's not Howland himself, as some would claim /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> ) will be the one introducing in depth the ToJ story.However it seemed to me that it was of little interest to Jojen as he said "You're the one who matters" or something like it. This may mean that Bran is the one who can actually defeat the WW.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 09 April 2013 - 06:09 AM.
2590	insertname	2013-04-09	I think if they'll do a reveal about the TOJ, it would be via a dream of Bran himself, especially as they want to focus on Bran's, not Jojen's powers. And I'm kinda glad there was no hint in this episode, Jojen just coming in and dropping the clue would probably have felt a bit cheap imo.
2591	BlueDragon	2013-04-09	It would be wonderful if Bran's role were not as mysterious as it is in the books.  I am uncomfortable imagining him stuck in some place entirely immobile, even if he can fly anywhere in his 'mind.'  The Reeds are a wonderful addition to the show.  Something about seeing them makes them immediately feel more important, even though we know they are important in the books.  They seem like pure mystery and at the same time bring clarity.
2592	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-09	From Jojen's perspective, Bran is the only one who matters. That's their part of the story. Jojen hasn't had green dreams about Jon or R+L or any of the other parts of the story, because the fulfillment of those parts are not his responsibility.
That is not to say that in the *overall* story, Bran is the most important element. Though they are all important, all have their parts to play.
2593	heathers	2013-04-09	I immediately thought Jojen having seen the rebellion pointed to the fact that he can reveal R+L=J either to J or to someone who can carry that message to him (Meera? or Coldhands/Benjen?). I also thought Catlin's comment about a "motherless" Jon insinuated his mother was dead and she was aware of this. Obviously there are two supposedly dead women who were possibly pregnant around the rebellion.
I am only on my first reread having found the books last year after first watching the show. Am I right in thinking that Jojen and Sam Tarly had some interaction at the wall?
2594	Reposado	2013-04-09	That kind of disappointed me when he said Howland never told them about the rebellion. Convinced me that we wouldn't get the knight of the laughing tree story in the show. but I guess that's not really the rebellion.well, its kinda the beginning of it. and either way, jojen could have seen it just as easily as anything elsePerhaps I understimate people, but if you could predict R+L=J from watching the show then you're either a fucking wizard or not really unsullied.things seem more obvious on tv. when you keep the hints, but eliminate the thousands of sentences that obscured the hints, people figure stuff out
2595	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-09	Yeah, most of the unsullied who figured it out, are actually people spoiled by the book-readers, or even worse, other unsullied. The theory of R+L=J spread like wildfire to whomever was interested in this show.All they had to do was look at the comments in any official trailer on Youtube and R+L=J is right there every time.
2596	ebevan91	2013-04-09	All they had to do was look at the comments in any official trailer on Youtube and R+L=J is right there every time.I don't think the unsullied would look up trailers.They don't even look at maps of the world. Some of them are trying to figure out where at in Westeros Dorne is. Some think Dorne is a group of islands.Though honestly, I have no idea how they'd pick up on R+L=J just from the show.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 09 April 2013 - 12:30 PM.
2597	dttljs123	2013-04-09	He doesn't know what happened at the Tower of Joy only Howland does and Eddard did too, but he won't be of much help.
2598	MoAt	2013-04-11	The bigger question is why wouldn't Howland tell them anything about it?  Are the crannogmen so far removed from Westerosi politics?  I'd think not.I assume he made a promise to Ned as big as the promise Ned made to Lyanna. Anyone who they told would be in danger just by possessing such intel, which is why neither of them ever spoke about it...... yet. I think the only way Howland would ever say anything would be if Jon directly confronted him at some point.I have no doubt due to the conversation in this episode, that Jojen knows all about the ToJ, and has told Meera, since she speaks about it in the book.I totally thought thread was going to be about "The only one thing that matters: you".  I don't remember that line from the books, but it seems to imply that Jon, R+L=J, and basically everyone else is of lesser importance.I think that when Bran realizes his full potential north of the Wall, he will be instrumental in helping (Jon and Dany?) fight the Others, due to his omnipresencey nature....   If you've ever read the Dune books, it's reminding me of The Oracle of Time.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 11 April 2013 - 07:15 PM.
2599	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	I don't get how Jojen could have seen what happened at the ToJ. Green dreams are prophetic dreams of what is to come. I'm not even sure if show Jojen has the ability to access weirwood trees, but I don't think there are any at the ToJ.
2600	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	I don't think the unsullied would look up trailers.They don't even look at maps of the world. Some of them are trying to figure out where at in Westeros Dorne is. Some think Dorne is a group of islands.Though honestly, I have no idea how they'd pick up on R+L=J just from the show.Anything up to 5 mill views per video on the GameOfThrones Youtube channel means that somebody is watching the trailers.
2601	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	I think that when Bran realizes his full potential north of the Wall, he will be instrumental in helping (Jon and Dany?) fight the Others, due to his omnipresencey nature....   If you've ever read the Dune books, it's reminding me of The Oracle of Time.We are talking about this in multiple threads but this is where I think the story is headed.  If one were to tap into the information of the universe above what we know as space-time past and present, then there is no limitation to what can be seen and revealed.  Bran is definitely following the path of the God Emperor sacrifice to his humanity and all to save the world.
2602	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-12	Regarding the R+L=J theories, do we even know if D&D aim to throw in that subplot in the show yet? As far as I can recall Jon's mysterious parentage was mentioned once, in episode 2 of season 1, where Ned told Jon they would talk about his mother the next time they saw each other. This mystery was quickly "resolved" in the next scene when Ned and Robert talked about their girls during the Rebellion.
R: "Yours was... Meryll, your bastard's mother?"
E: "Wylla."
Boom. As far as the nonreading audience is concerned, the question about Jon's mother is resolved and hasn't been brought up since (or has it? I don't recall...).
Anyway, I think it's a very slim chance they will bring up Jon's parents again. But if I'm wrong I will be very happy.
2603	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-12	Regarding the R+L=J theories, do we even know if D&D aim to throw in that subplot in the show yet? As far as I can recall Jon's mysterious parentage was mentioned once, in episode 2 of season 1, where Ned told Jon they would talk about his mother the next time they saw each other. This mystery was quickly "resolved" in the next scene when Ned and Robert talked about their girls during the Rebellion.R: "Yours was... Meryll, your bastard's mother?"E: "Wylla."Boom. As far as the nonreading audience is concerned, the question about Jon's mother is resolved and hasn't been brought up since (or has it? I don't recall...).Anyway, I think it's a very slim chance they will bring up Jon's parents again. But if I'm wrong I will be very happy.You are correct.  All R+L=J is reader speculation, the show has never broached that subject.
2604	MoAt	2013-04-12	We are talking about this in multiple threads but this is where I think the story is headed.  If one were to tap into the information of the universe above what we know as space-time past and present, then there is no limitation to what can be seen and revealed.  Bran is definitely following the path of the God Emperor sacrifice to his humanity and all to save the world. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2605	MoAt	2013-04-12	Regarding the R+L=J theories, do we even know if D&D aim to throw in that subplot in the show yet? As far as I can recall Jon's mysterious parentage was mentioned once, in episode 2 of season 1, where Ned told Jon they would talk about his mother the next time they saw each other. This mystery was quickly "resolved" in the next scene when Ned and Robert talked about their girls during the Rebellion.R: "Yours was... Meryll, your bastard's mother?"E: "Wylla."Boom. As far as the nonreading audience is concerned, the question about Jon's mother is resolved and hasn't been brought up since (or has it? I don't recall...).Anyway, I think it's a very slim chance they will bring up Jon's parents again. But if I'm wrong I will be very happy.You are correct.  All R+L=J is reader speculation, the show has never broached that subject.Yet.I think it's a lot more than "reader speculation" considering how much GRRM has dropped a metric shit-load of bread crumbs about it. And if indeed R+L=J, it's way more than a minor plot point. It could be THE plot arc that's part of the resolve of the entire story, considering at this point, Jon Snow is the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms if you believe that like the Lancasters, Robert Baratheon was a usurper.
2606	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-13	Yet.I think it's a lot more than "reader speculation" considering how much GRRM has dropped a metric shit-load of bread crumbs about it. And if indeed R+L=J, it's way more than a minor plot point. It could be THE plot arc that's part of the resolve of the entire story, considering at this point, Jon Snow is the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms if you believe that like the Lancasters, Robert Baratheon was a usurper.It's not even a major plot point in the books.  As of ADwD no one, not even Jon, is thinking about his parentage.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 13 April 2013 - 07:26 PM.
2607	MoAt	2013-04-13	it's not even a major plot point in the books.  As of ADwD no one, not even Jon, is thinking about his parentage.Yet.If it wasn't going to be important, GRRM wouldn't have made "Who is Jon Snow's mother?" one of his main questions to D&amp;D when they had their first meeting.If it wasn't going to be important, there would never have been the amount of hints and backstory regarding it. There's a ton of bastards in this story. None of the other have been give the same level of attention, detail, and hints.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 13 April 2013 - 08:31 PM.
2608	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-13	Yet.If it wasn't going to be important, GRRM wouldn't have made "Who is Jon Snow's mother?" one of his main questions to D&amp;D when they had their first meeting.If it wasn't going to be important, there would never have been the amount of hints and backstory regarding it. There's a ton of bastards in this story. None of the other have been give the same level of attention, detail, and hints.I never said that it wasn't important at all.  At this point in the books and on the show, bigger issues are at play than who is Jon Snow's mother.
2609	MoAt	2013-04-14	I never said that it wasn't important at all.  At this point in the books and on the show, bigger issues are at play than who is Jon Snow's mother.Absolutely right, and I never said you said that. You said two things:One:As of ADwD no one, not even Jon, is thinking about his parentage.I don't completely disagree with this, however, I do think Howland Reed and his children probably think about it, considering they might be the only people living who know, and it's pretty big and important intel.You also said:It's not even a major plot point in the books.  This I do disagree with. Just because it's not being talked about in detail on every page by every character right now, doesn't mean it's not going to be of major relevence to the overall plot of the series. Which is why I said, "Yet."It's about as important as the Lancasters being originally in power when the Yorkists usurped the throne, and the line of succession continued to be an issue through Elizabeth I's reign, which is why so many people found themselves removed.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 14 April 2013 - 12:35 AM.
2610	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-14	Absolutely right, and I never said you said that. You said two things:One:I don't completely disagree with this, however, I do think Howland Reed and his children probably think about it, considering they might be the only people living who know, and it's pretty big and important intel.You also said:This I do disagree with. Just because it's not being talked about in detail on every page by every character right now, doesn't mean it's not going to be of major relevence to the overall plot of the series. Which is why I said, "Yet."It's about as important as the Lancasters being originally in power when the Yorkists usurped the throne, and the line of succession continued to be an issue through Elizabeth I's reign, which is why so many people found themselves removed.We will see about the Reed children.   If anything I see Bloodraven playing a larger role than Howland Reed.  At the moment, Howland and crew are fighting the Ironborn in the neck.
2611	MoAt	2013-04-14	We will see about the Reed children.   If anything I see Bloodraven playing a larger role than Howland Reed.  At the moment, Howland and crew are fighting the Ironborn in the neck.I would love that.
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 14 April 2013 - 01:12 AM.
2612	Masamune	2013-04-14	...
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 14 April 2013 - 02:05 PM.
2613	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	I think that in the show Jojen knows what really happened at the TOJ and the truth about Jon's parentage, and by the end of the show through this character the watchers will become aware of these facts  (of course, just in the tv show, in the books the plot is going to be a lot more complex)
					
					
							Edited by Aerys Blackfyre, 16 April 2013 - 11:56 AM.
2614	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	sorry double post!
					
					
							Edited by Aerys Blackfyre, 16 April 2013 - 11:55 AM.
2615	Ser Milo of House Mog	2013-04-08	Did anyone else notice that after Bran said that Howland Reed saved Ned's life during the rebellion Jojen responded that he saw it with his green sight? I think this is foreshadowing to the big reveal at the tower of joy?
2616	KSims1868	2013-04-09	Or maybe Jojen is going to help Bran "see" it for himself.  The journey to help Bran realize his potential and how to harness his abilities results in his being able to see the rebellion / Tower of Joy for himself and that's how it will be revealed.
2617	Reposado	2013-04-09	thought so too. during the moment, i really thought he was about to tell him then and there. i do think he will eventually tell the story, now. hopefully, the knight of he laughing tree as wellOr maybe Jojen is going to help Bran "see" it for himself.  The journey to help Bran realize his potential and how to harness his abilities results in his being able to see the rebellion / Tower of Joy for himself and that's how it will be revealed.really, really doubt this, though. this would require casting a lot of roles.
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 09 April 2013 - 08:51 AM.
2618	houseHB	2013-04-09	This is how I feel. I think that the producers are saving the tower of joy scene for when Bran begins his training and we see his visions.
2619	Kienn	2013-04-09	If so I hope it's done similarly to Bran's dream of the ocean coming to Winterfel in season 2. All symbolic... he can basically recite the prose for Ned's dream from book 1.
2620	JoramunsKazoo	2013-04-09	Great topic. I hadn't considered the implications of Jojen's comment until now, and I'm starting to think there is a high probabability of a flash back to the Tower of Joy. While readers have a solid background to support any big reveal, the TV audience will likely need visual aids, specifically a flashback.
Maybe we get part this season, at least as much as revealed thus far in reading, but not the whole story.
2621	KSims1868	2013-04-09	While readers have a solid background to support any big reveal, the TV audience will likely need visual aids, specifically a flashback.Maybe we get part this season, at least as much as revealed thus far in reading, but not the whole story.Exactly what I was thinking as well. We (readers) have the foundation to support this thought/reveal, but the TV audience wouldn't get it without a visual representation of some sort.  Not necessarily a big cast of characters to enact an entire rebellion scene, but just a flash of the moment Howlands saves Ned, and then something else suggesting/revealing R + L = J. Of course not this season, but that's just my silly prediction of where Bran's character may go over the course of the next several seasons.
2622	jmk51	2013-04-09	Maybe I'm just off on this, but doesn't there have to be a tree somewhere to actually "see" anything?  It seems like, in the book, Bran see's things in the Weirwood forest?
2623	Warhawk137	2013-04-09	Yeah, now that I think about it, this could realy work well.  The problem with how the books are set up is that there's really no good way to get some of this information across via Ned Stark's internal monologues, and perhaps even more importantly, with Ned out of the picture, choosing to follow the books strictly in this respect would have the effect of dropping the subplot after the first season, which could cause confusion if it does, indeed, prove to be important later on.  See, it works fine in book form when you can really reach way, way back for a chekhov's gun, because of the level of analysis that readers of a book series go through in the process, but in television, dropping a subplot only to pick it back up in like 6 or 7 years is going to throw viewers for a bit of a loop.
So, keep an eye out for any casting calls for Rhaegar Targaryen or Arthur Dayne, because that means we're about to take a stroll down Flashback Avenue.
2624	episodenone	2013-04-09	I for one hope and expect everyone who believes in the ToJ theories will be proved wrong.
I almost think GRRM would do it on purpose to stymie all the fans.
In my experience -- when fans have been so certain of 1 theory or another - they rarely have been right.
And I didn;t read this scene as leading towards any type of significant reveal of the ToJ.  Just a 1-liner teaser that will likely be unaddressed for a long long time.
2625	dttljs123	2013-04-09	IF they were going to do a flashback to the tower of joy they should have done it during the first season when the most important character in that scene was alive. Ned Stark has the quick cut scene of it in A game of thrones. (Below). Without meeting Howland Reed I don't believe a cut scene of the Tower of Joy will be seen. <U+0080><U+009C>I looked for you on the Trident,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said to them.																					<U+0080><U+009C>We were not there,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold answered.											<U+0080><U+009C>Woe to the Usurper if we had been,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Oswell.											<U+0080><U+009C>When King's Landing fell, Ser Jaime slew your king with a golden sword, and I wondered where you were.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Far away,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold said, <U+0080><U+009C>or Aerys would yet sit the Iron Throne, and our false brother would burn in seven hells.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>I came down on Storm's End to lift the siege,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned told them, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dipped their banners, and all their knights bent the knee to pledge us fealty. I was certain you would be among them.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Our knees do not bend easily,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur Dayne.											<U+0080><U+009C>Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys. I thought you might have sailed with him.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Ser Willem is a good man and true,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Oswell.											<U+0080><U+009C>But not of the Kingsguard,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold pointed out. <U+0080><U+009C>The Kingsguard does not flee.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Then or now,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur. He donned his helm.											<U+0080><U+009C>We swore a vow,<U+0080><U+009D> explained old Ser Gerold.											Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s wraiths moved up beside him, with shadow swords in hand. They were seven against three.											<U+0080><U+009C>And now it begins,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. He unsheathed Dawn and held it with both hands. The blade was pale as milkglass, alive with light.											<U+0080><U+009C>No,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said with sadness in his voice. <U+0080><U+009C>Now it ends."
2626	Reposado	2013-04-09	So, keep an eye out for any casting calls for Rhaegar Targaryen or Arthur Dayne, because that means we're about to take a stroll down Flashback Avenue.this is so unlikely though. they way money is stretched on this show and characters are reluctantly introduced. they are just simply not going to cast multiple parts and bring back sean bean to do something they do with a one paragraph story. they arent going to have all the dialogue. just the basic factors at play
2627	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-09	I don't think we'll be getting a flashback scene, maybe just a story from Jojen about the event that took place there.
2628	Walder Waters	2013-04-09	this is so unlikely though. they way money is stretched on this show and characters are reluctantly introduced. they are just simply not going to cast multiple parts and bring back sean bean to do something they do with a one paragraph story. they arent going to have all the dialogue. just the basic factors at playI think it would be a possibility to bring back beloved characters. Even if it is only in one scene.
2629	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	I for one hope and expect everyone who believes in the ToJ theories will be proved wrong.I almost think GRRM would do it on purpose to stymie all the fans.In my experience -- when fans have been so certain of 1 theory or another - they rarely have been right.And I didn;t read this scene as leading towards any type of significant reveal of the ToJ.  Just a 1-liner teaser that will likely be unaddressed for a long long time.Loads of people on this site were certain that Aegon was alive amongst other guesses that have been right in my limited time here. And in other series, WOT fans basically predicted everything that ever happened in the books, and every non-Ass-Pull (i.e not related to the Hallows which were an awful device) twist in Harry Potter to name another couple. Changing a plot just to spite people who guessed it is so petty, I'm sure GRRM won't do it. Not that I'm certain that R+L=J but whatever the things that lead to it in the books as a vaild conclusion need to be explained away if it isn't true, and in a credible way. It's just very hard to make truly unpredictable twists without refusing any foreshadowing (an Ass-Pull, generally seen as poor writing) in a medium as reliant on themes and foreshadowing and as scrutable (if that's a word) as literature, so lots of accurate fan theories will constantly be produced, especially with a fan base as active and interactive as this one
2630	crazibouncer	2013-04-09	IF they have a flashback maybe they will keep it dark and shadowy, hear there voices.  I think a dialogue is more likely though.
2631	Envie	2013-04-09	I thought it was really interesting that they included the Tower of Joy reference in Jojen's dialogue with Bran. Martin himself rarely gave breadcrumb hints without some sort of significance later in the storytelling so I have to wonder if this too was not a nod at the book readers in anticipation of reveals yet to come about that event. Whether or not they actually cast / play out the scene doesn't matter so much as whether or not they're actually going to delve into the history before GoT started in the show, and if so ... WHY would they unless there's a very significantly important reason to do so? It would have to be so significant it changes our previous thinking about the plot entirely (as is theorized in the R+L-J debates).
2632	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	thought so too. during the moment, i really thought he was about to tell him then and there. i do think he will eventually tell the story, now. hopefully, the knight of he laughing tree as wellreally, really doubt this, though. this would require casting a lot of roles.I don't think so.  He could see things in quick flashes or have the vision within his head , and only speak of some of the things that he saw, without an extra scene being shot.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 10 April 2013 - 12:33 AM.
2633	mafalda	2013-04-10	I have no idea. I don't know what GRRM is planning on doing with Bran's storyline. No clue. The rest of the characters I have some guesses at but I think the whole storyline of the three eyed raven is just weird.
I have noticed that D&D tend to do a lot of foreshadowing in the show, and since GRRM told them how he intends for the story to end, I hope they don't try to foreshadow the 6th and 7th books which we haven't read yet. I can spot foreshadowing from a distance and I hope they don't ruin the story for us.
I do like the idea of Bran being able to figure out the Tower of Joy on his own since it would give him something to do in the story. I am still looking forward to Howland finally entering the story though!
2634	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	Great topic. I hadn't considered the implications of Jojen's comment until now, and I'm starting to think there is a high probabability of a flash back to the Tower of Joy. While readers have a solid background to support any big reveal, the TV audience will likely need visual aids, specifically a flashback.Maybe we get part this season, at least as much as revealed thus far in reading, but not the whole story.As soon as Jojen said that I was like, well, we are going to see something through him down the road. Interesting.
2635	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	I have noticed that D&D tend to do a lot of foreshadowing in the show, and since GRRM told them how he intends for the story to end, I hope they don't try to foreshadow the 6th and 7th books which we haven't read yet. I can spot foreshadowing from a distance and I hope they don't ruin the story for us.D&D and HBO are not waiting around for the books, that has been stated already, so its likely you are going to see stuff from WoW/ADOS on TV before the next two books come out, unless George gets out 2 books before the next five years.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 10 April 2013 - 08:37 AM.
2636	Warhawk137	2013-04-10	this is so unlikely though. they way money is stretched on this show and characters are reluctantly introduced. they are just simply not going to cast multiple parts and bring back sean bean to do something they do with a one paragraph story. they arent going to have all the dialogue. just the basic factors at playThat's why I inserted the caveat "if it does, indeed, prove to be important later on."  We know Martin's been feeding at least some plot details regarding the end of the series to D&D, which is not only useful if he fails to get the books done within the time frame, but also as a mechanism to avoid cutting anything that may be important later on (that's the kind of thing J.K. Rowling was doing with regards to the Harry Potter movies).  The odd thing is that the TV series may end up spoiling the books to a certain degree, not in those last 2 seasons, but in regards to the type of thing they decide they have to set up for those seasons - so, we're kind of in a situation where the amount of attention D&D give to the ToJ thing may signify, by implication, the importance of that plot point in the books.  And if they go full-fledged flashback, spending the money to get Sean Bean to show up for a couple days of shooting and adding new characters to an already somewhat unwieldy cast, that would be a pretty obvious signal that it's going to be important later on.  Even beyond that, though, the level of discussion and exposition regarding ToJ via Jojen/Bran could signify that, and if they really don't delve into it at all, then that might signify it's a red herring in the books.Point being, D&D's choices of what scenes to include or add relative to the books, while usually reflective of the different medium, may in some cases be suggestive of where the plot is ultimately going to go in those books that haven't been finished yet, in a "you're going to be glad you put this in later" kind of way.I have noticed that D&D tend to do a lot of foreshadowing in the show, and since GRRM told them how he intends for the story to end, I hope they don't try to foreshadow the 6th and 7th books which we haven't read yet. I can spot foreshadowing from a distance and I hope they don't ruin the story for us.Possible solution: throw in some non-obvious red herrings and then explicitly state there are red herrings in the show, but don't say what they are.  /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 10 April 2013 - 08:53 AM.
2637	mafalda	2013-04-10	D&D and HBO are not waiting around for the books, that has been stated already, so its likely you are going to see stuff from WoW/ADOS on TV before the next two books come out, unless George gets out 2 books before the next five years.Well that sucks. Given the time between AFFC and DWD that will most likely happen too.Step on it, GRRM! DragonsHungry, do you happen to have the link to that interview? I feel like it's rare that D&D actually gives an interview that I care about... not meaning to say that they give useless interviews or anything (especially since I enjoy their commentaries at the end of every eppy), I just feel that every interview is about the current season, instead of the direction of the show. Thanks!
2638	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	I think that they will not spoil the books and probably do something different than what Martin plans.  I cannot see them spoiling it.
2639	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	I think that they will not spoil the books and probably do something different than what Martin plans.  I cannot see them spoiling it.Well that sucks. Given the time between AFFC and DWD that will most likely happen too.Step on it, GRRM! DragonsHungry, do you happen to have the link to that interview? I feel like it's rare that D&D actually gives an interview that I care about... not meaning to say that they give useless interviews or anything (especially since I enjoy their commentaries at the end of every eppy), I just feel that every interview is about the current season, instead of the direction of the show. Thanks!I think this is a link.They basically say they would like the books to come up, but will not hold up the show, if they are not out they will keep on rolling and already talked to GRRM about events down the road.http://www.hitfix.co...re-going-to-get
2640	Hodor's manhood	2013-04-10	There has never been any flashback scenes yet so maybe when Bran learns how to use his greensight there will be some and we will get to see what happened in the Tower of Joy. I personally think that Lyanna Stark died in childbirth, and Jon Snow was her baby (with Rhagar) and Ned had to claim him to stop Robert from killing kim, Lyanna got Ned to promise to look after him. Thats probably coming up in book 6 or 7 I hope!
2641	Silverx2	2013-04-10	I think it would be a possibility to bring back beloved characters. Even if it is only in one scene.Sorry but sean beans contract clearly states he has to die at the end, and there is no way they are going to be able to get away with killing him twice.
2642	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	I think this is a link.They basically say they would like the books to come up, but will not hold up the show, if they are not out they will keep on rolling and already talked to GRRM about events down the road.http://www.hitfix.co...re-going-to-getI liked this quote, "There's no hard and fast rule for deviating from the books: As with the timing of the Reeds' introduction, Benioff and Weiss look at what will be best for the show, while remaining as faithful as they can to Martin's text."
2643	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	There has never been any flashback scenes yet so maybe when Bran learns how to use his greensight there will be some and we will get to see what happened in the Tower of Joy. I personally think that Lyanna Stark died in childbirth, and Jon Snow was her baby (with Rhagar) and Ned had to claim him to stop Robert from killing kim, Lyanna got Ned to promise to look after him. Thats probably coming up in book 6 or 7 I hope!The nearest they came to a flashback was Sean Bean hearing steel on steel as he was watching Arya and Syrio with their training swords.
2644	Envie	2013-04-10	Flashbacks with the actual actors would definitely be expensive (unless they already shot those prior to the death of Ned in season 1) - but it's not entirely out of the question. More than likely, since they like using exposition so much, that is the route they'll go with visions and green-dreams etc.
I do hope we get more hints about Tower of Joy. It's one of the biggest mysteries of the books that many of us have always wanted revealed and not just to end the endless debate about Jon Snow's real parentage.
2645	episodenone	2013-04-10	Loads of people on this site were certain that Aegon was alive amongst other guesses that have been right in my limited time here. And in other series, WOT fans basically predicted everything that ever happened in the books, and every non-Ass-Pull (i.e not related to the Hallows which were an awful device) twist in Harry Potter to name another couple. Changing a plot just to spite people who guessed it is so petty, I'm sure GRRM won't do it. Not that I'm certain that R+L=J but whatever the things that lead to it in the books as a vaild conclusion need to be explained away if it isn't true, and in a credible way. It's just very hard to make truly unpredictable twists without refusing any foreshadowing (an Ass-Pull, generally seen as poor writing) in a medium as reliant on themes and foreshadowing and as scrutable (if that's a word) as literature, so lots of accurate fan theories will constantly be produced, especially with a fan base as active and interactive as this oneWhile I obviously could not create a survey of all the right guesses vs. wrong guesses -- imho -- even a broken clock...I highly doubt just because some people were able to get a few right that the number of wrong ones would even compare.I've seen it in BSG, SW, and a variety of other franchises myself.
2646	Kasrith	2013-04-10	Did anyone else notice that after Bran said that Howland Reed saved Ned's life during the rebellion Jojen responded that he saw it with his green sight? I think this is foreshadowing to the big reveal at the tower of joy?I don't know if someone else has said this. But Jojen never said he saw Howland save Ned. What he said was he saw the Rebellion. He never specified ToJ, I think readers are just grasping at straws and hoping for a ToJ scene /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />He may offer insight into the Targ history, but that's all that is implied by what they actually said.
2647	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	I don't know if someone else has said this. But Jojen never said he saw Howland save Ned. What he said was he saw the Rebellion. He never specified ToJ, I think readers are just grasping at straws and hoping for a ToJ scene /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />He may offer insight into the Targ history, but that's all that is implied by what they actually said.I agree with that.  I wouldn't be surprised if they do not broach it all.
2648	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	The levels of character assassination are really through the roof
2649	Freebird6699	2013-04-10	Yeah, now that I think about it, this could realy work well.  The problem with how the books are set up is that there's really no good way to get some of this information across via Ned Stark's internal monologues, and perhaps even more importantly, with Ned out of the picture, choosing to follow the books strictly in this respect would have the effect of dropping the subplot after the first season, which could cause confusion if it does, indeed, prove to be important later on.  See, it works fine in book form when you can really reach way, way back for a chekhov's gun, because of the level of analysis that readers of a book series go through in the process, but in television, dropping a subplot only to pick it back up in like 6 or 7 years is going to throw viewers for a bit of a loop.So, keep an eye out for any casting calls for Rhaegar Targaryen or Arthur Dayne, because that means we're about to take a stroll down Flashback Avenue.Actually if you google Tower of Joy, you will see a very good flashback from Ned, from season one that was cut.  It uses sketches and a narrator,but it is very good.  They don't even have to cast for anyone.
2650	SwordOfDoom	2013-04-10	IF they were going to do a flashback to the tower of joy they should have done it during the first season when the most important character in that scene was alive. Ned Stark has the quick cut scene of it in A game of thrones. (Below). Without meeting Howland Reed I don't believe a cut scene of the Tower of Joy will be seen.<U+0080><U+009C>I looked for you on the Trident,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said to them.																					<U+0080><U+009C>We were not there,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold answered.											<U+0080><U+009C>Woe to the Usurper if we had been,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Oswell.											<U+0080><U+009C>When King's Landing fell, Ser Jaime slew your king with a golden sword, and I wondered where you were.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Far away,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold said, <U+0080><U+009C>or Aerys would yet sit the Iron Throne, and our false brother would burn in seven hells.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>I came down on Storm's End to lift the siege,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned told them, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dipped their banners, and all their knights bent the knee to pledge us fealty. I was certain you would be among them.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Our knees do not bend easily,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur Dayne.											<U+0080><U+009C>Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys. I thought you might have sailed with him.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Ser Willem is a good man and true,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Oswell.											<U+0080><U+009C>But not of the Kingsguard,<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Gerold pointed out. <U+0080><U+009C>The Kingsguard does not flee.<U+0080><U+009D>											<U+0080><U+009C>Then or now,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur. He donned his helm.											<U+0080><U+009C>We swore a vow,<U+0080><U+009D> explained old Ser Gerold.											Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s wraiths moved up beside him, with shadow swords in hand. They were seven against three.											<U+0080><U+009C>And now it begins,<U+0080><U+009D> said Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. He unsheathed Dawn and held it with both hands. The blade was pale as milkglass, alive with light.											<U+0080><U+009C>No,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned said with sadness in his voice. <U+0080><U+009C>Now it ends."My favorite chapter in Game of Thrones. IMO nothing from Roberts Rebellion will be in the show.
2651	Montey14	2013-04-10	I know flashbacks can be very cheesey....but this is a very important scene....and the producers should have found a way to get it in the first season ...especially Neds dreams of his sister.....they should have had the viewers asking  what it was the she made him promise.....and why was the bed full of blood....Bran seeing Neds prayers through the wierwoods is the only way to get this across to the readers as well as viewers....but from what Jojen proclaims in that scene.....he already knows the truth about Jon and we just might get it from him on the TV show....this is very interesting.....I don't recall Jojen ever admiting to Bran that he saw the Tower of Joy scene in his dreams.....i remember them telling Bran about the tourney in Harranhal and how Leanna fell in love with Rheagar.......but then again the whole sequence of how the Reeds and Bran meet up is all screwed up compared to the book
2652	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	I liked this quote, "There's no hard and fast rule for deviating from the books: As with the timing of the Reeds' introduction, Benioff and Weiss look at what will be best for the show, while remaining as faithful as they can to Martin's text."I think as something as big as the Tower of Joy, even if it came out on the TV show before the books, George is the one who is telling them huge plot points, for example if R+L = J, was true, the producers likely would know, so I am not worried about some radical change.They won't deviate from the big points of the story, certainly not from that point. I think Jojen saying he saw the Tower of Joy is just another nod to people who have read the book, like the mention about Tyrion losing his nose, its an easter egg.We got a little exposition about Rhaegar and Lyanna albiet biased from Robert in season one, this is just another clue, likely more will come out over the next seasons until they are ready to deal with it more seriously.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 10 April 2013 - 10:03 PM.
2653	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-10	I think as something as big as the Tower of Joy, even if it came out on the TV show before the books, George is the one who is telling them huge plot points, for example if R+L = J, was true, the producers likely would know, so I am not worried about some radical change.They won't deviate from the big points of the story, certainly not from that point.I think Jojen saying he saw the Tower of Joy is just another nod to people who have read the book, like the mention about Tyrion losing his nose, its an easter egg.We got a little exposition about Rhaegar and Lyanna albiet biased from Robert in season one, this is just another clue, likely more will come out over the next seasons until they are ready to deal with it more seriously.He never said that he saw the ToJ.  He said that he saw The Rebellion.  I think we are getting ahead of ourselves.
2654	Montey14	2013-04-10	I'd have to watch the scene again....but when Bran tells Jojen that Howland saved his father .....he prceeds to tell bran that he saw it through a dream and that his father never told him of the incident.....i do n't th ink he was talking about the rebellion in general.....I'd have to watch the scene again....
2655	Montey14	2013-04-10	D&D and HBO are not waiting around for the books, that has been stated already, so its likely you are going to see stuff from WoW/ADOS on TV before the next two books come out, unless George gets out 2 books before the next five years.
2656	Montey14	2013-04-10	they probably won't be waiting around with material thas already been in print .....they might intertwine bits of books 4and 5....but they would never undercut Martin and out the rest of the story before the last 2 books are in print....
2657	crazibouncer	2013-04-11	D&D and HBO are not waiting around for the books, that has been stated already, so its likely you are going to see stuff from WoW/ADOS on TV before the next two books come out, unless George gets out 2 books before the next five years.Well this sucks.  I do not plan on watching the show once it surpasses the books.  I am sure we will get TWoW by the time the show gets to that point in the story, but definitely not ADOS.  They should have waited longer to start the show, but then again we would not have had this awesome cast we have now.
2658	MoAt	2013-04-11	Jojen: "When I told my father about your father, it was the first time in my life I saw him cry.
Bran: "Your father is Howland Reed."
Jojen: "Yeah"
Bran: "Saved my father's life during the rebellion."
Jojen: "Your father told you about the rebellion? Mine never did. But I saw that too."
Bran: "What else have you seen?"
Jojen: "The only thing that matters: You."
2659	Kasrith	2013-04-11	I'd have to watch the scene again....but when Bran tells Jojen that Howland saved his father .....he prceeds to tell bran that he saw it through a dream and that his father never told him of the incident.....i do n't th ink he was talking about the rebellion in general.....I'd have to watch the scene again....Yes, definitely watch it again cause that's not what happened at all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He says he saw Ned die, then Bran says Ned told him about how Howland saved his life once, and Jojen says he saw the Rebellion; doesn't specify seeing Reed save Ned.edit: Moet's post clears that all up rather nicely
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 11 April 2013 - 07:25 AM.
2660	AdiTarg	2013-04-11	It's just me. But I hope for a full Robert's rebellion episode, where it will reveal everything that has happened.
Much like a lot of shows do, a one off.
2661	DragonsHungry	2013-04-11	they probably won't be waiting around with material thas already been in print .....they might intertwine bits of books 4and 5....but they would never undercut Martin and out the rest of the story before the last 2 books are in print....Umm, no. They said the show keeps going, for business reasons they are not putting things on hold or going on hiatus. I am sure HBO would like the books done, but they won't stop. George is the one who gives them the major plot points anyways.Maybe the books come out before that point, that is the far future, but if they don't, the show is not going to go on hold.
2662	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-11	they probably won't be waiting around with material thas already been in print .....they might intertwine bits of books 4and 5....but they would never undercut Martin and out the rest of the story before the last 2 books are in print....Exactly! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2663	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-11	Seems pretty vague to me, he saw the rebellion, the rebellion was a lot more than 10 men engaging in the most epic battle of unknown history.
and Jojen seems pretty driven to get Bran North and help him.
2664	Envie	2013-04-11	Umm, no. They said the show keeps going, for business reasons they are not putting things on hold or going on hiatus. I am sure HBO would like the books done, but they won't stop. George is the one who gives them the major plot points anyways.Maybe the books come out before that point, that is the far future, but if they don't, the show is not going to go on hold.If the HBO series surpasses where we're at in the books, I'm going to be pretty upset. Now I am NOT a book purist by any means and in many threads I've defended changes made to the story or characters by the show series. I've tried to calm down many people who claim "character assassination" or how certain scenes were pointless or stupid. But I draw the line at having the show become the only defining plot of the entire epic saga! I've been reading the books since the mid-90s when they first came out, that's a LONG time for many of us to be waiting for the conclusion of something we've cherished for almost 20 years. I don't want HBO being the only thing I have to find out how everything plays out by their definition or perspective, as good as the acting and  directing are, I want the BOOK to be finished!! C'mon George, you can't leave us hanging like this while the HBO steam train is chugging down the track faster and faster!! I probably derailed the topic  --- haha I made a funny...derailed, steam train, get it? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />All joking aside. I desperately want to have the Tower of Joy mystery revealed but I want the GRRM book or books to finish the Song of Ice and Fire saga, not HBO.
2665	jugdesh258	2013-04-11	I think the first we might see of the new book is 6 months after the release of the paperback for the last book......handicapped by opportunity to cross promote the HBO series-New book  at same time for reasons of max greed.  That is a dose of reality outside of GRRM's fantasy world that he might have the least to say about.  If it ain't here now then my guess is next year's HBO Season.
On topic... there will never be a flashback for actors that had not been cast.  They are just spinning in dialog due to Jojen's late arrival.  Lucky if it is mentioned at all in a recounting between one character to another just like we saw this week
2666	Montey14	2013-04-11	Yes, definitely watch it again cause that's not what happened at all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He says he saw Ned die, then Bran says Ned told him about how Howland saved his life once, and Jojen says he saw the Rebellion; doesn't specify seeing Reed save Ned.edit: Moet's post clears that all up rather nicelyto me that's kind of silly everybody saw the whole rebellion....it's in the history books....Jojen wasn't even born yet during the rebellion....it's not like it took a great feat to see the rebellion.....it was such a pivotal point in history and lasted a few years....how can he see the whole rebellion....and if he saw the whole rebellion ....that would mean he saw what happend to Ned at the tower of joy.....that was part of the rebellion no??
2667	MoAt	2013-04-11	to me that's kind of silly everybody saw the whole rebellion....it's in the history books....Jojen wasn't even born yet during the rebellion....it's not like it took a great feat to see the rebellion.....it was such a pivotal point in history and lasted a few years....how can he see the whole rebellion....and if he saw the whole rebellion ....that would mean he saw what happend to Ned at the tower of joy.....that was part of the rebellion no??I personally think this is where we're likely to get the ToJ info, from the Reeds, and from Bran becoming ...... better. Meera makes a brief mention of the ToJ in the books, so I see no problem with her getting the info via Jojen and his talents, that way Howland remains true to whatever promise he made to Ned.
2668	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	I don't get how Jojen could have seen what happened at the ToJ. Green dreams are prophetic dreams of what is to come. I'm not even sure if show Jojen has the ability to access weirwood trees, but I don't think there are any at the ToJ.
2669	Kasrith	2013-04-11	I don't get how Jojen could have seen what happened at the ToJ. Green dreams are prophetic dreams of what is to come. I'm not even sure if show Jojen has the ability to access weirwood trees, but I don't think there are any at the ToJ.Jojen doesn't have access to the trees, nor do I think he has the power to control what he sees. He just sees, kinda like Mel. So Jojen happened to see parts of the Rebellion over the years.Bran on the other hand will be able to control his vision/warging and eventually escape the trees in order to see throughout the realm/earth
2670	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-11	What is a "Tower of Joy"??? sounds dirty.
2671	Kasrith	2013-04-11	to me that's kind of silly everybody saw the whole rebellion....it's in the history books....Jojen wasn't even born yet during the rebellion....it's not like it took a great feat to see the rebellion.....it was such a pivotal point in history and lasted a few years....how can he see the whole rebellion....and if he saw the whole rebellion ....that would mean he saw what happend to Ned at the tower of joy.....that was part of the rebellion no??I think you're contradicting yourself, at least to the point where I don't really know what it is you are trying to sayEveryone that was present 'saw' it yes, but from a first person pov...The history books are kinda irrelevant to him seeing it, unless he's just got a vivid imagination (like mine is when I read ASOIAF, but I highly doubt that's what they meant)...Correct...Um, I believe seeing a huge historical event that occurred before you were born is a great feat...Also yes...Like I said in my previous post, he is granted visions. He just sees it, like Mel. Perhaps in bits and pieces, which may validate the claim that we may get some ToJ info through him, but that's all speculation...Perhaps he saw what happened to Ned, again this wasn't clarified in their dialogue...Yes, I guess you can say it was part of it sure
2672	Kasrith	2013-04-11	What is a "Tower of Joy"??? sounds dirty.You're avatar makes that so much funnier /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 11 April 2013 - 07:55 PM.
2673	MoAt	2013-04-11	What is a "Tower of Joy"??? sounds dirty.Where Prince Rhaegar Targaryen took Lyanna Stark and had a romantic year or so. It's also where Howland Reed saved Ned Stark's life. Go HERE - but warning: major books spoilers, although most of it happened in GoT.
2674	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-11	Actually if you google Tower of Joy, you will see a very good flashback from Ned, from season one that was cut.  It uses sketches and a narrator,but it is very good.  They don't even have to cast for anyone.So I googled it and found one that uses sketches and a narrator.... but it was not from season one that was cut. It was fanmade. If there is another official one around can you link?Really enjoyed it however. Very well done and have sent it to others.
2675	Montey14	2013-04-11	I don't get how Jojen could have seen what happened at the ToJ. Green dreams are prophetic dreams of what is to come. I'm not even sure if show Jojen has the ability to access weirwood trees, but I don't think there are any at the ToJ.Jojen doesn't even have the ability to see through the wierwoods in the books....if he saw the rebellion,  which was such a pivotal point in weserosi history...he had to se what happend to his father and Ned....being that Lyanna was one of the driving forces behind the rebellion.I think this is just a mechanism for the revealing of John's true parantage to the readers.....and the the viewers as well for that matter.  The only viable way for the reveal would be for Bran to see it through one or Neds prayers or confessions to the trees.....perhaps the Reeds will be involved in getting the rest of westerosi to believe it....but it has to be Bran that discovers Neds secret....
2676	-Ghost-	2013-04-12	Jojen doesn't even have the ability to see through the wierwoods in the books....Jojen doesn't have access to the trees, nor do I think he has the power to control what he sees. He just sees, kinda like Mel. So Jojen happened to see parts of the Rebellion over the years.Bran on the other hand will be able to control his vision/warging and eventually escape the trees in order to see throughout the realm/earthI understand he doesnt have access to the trees in the book. What Im saying is, if they didnt give Jojen the ability to see through the weirwood trees on the show, how did he see any of this? Green dreams arent of the past, they are prophecy dreams of the future.
2677	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	I don't know that we can get our arms around what the limits of prophecy are.  I think there are less limits to that in GRRM's world since it is more based on mysticism or magical properties.  If one is gifted enough to see things that might yet happen it is not a stretch to suggest that they can see things in the past.  If the laws of physics are somewhat the same there we can say that the concept of time-space will suggest that from the perspective of the universe the events of the future is just as real as the events in the past.
What I wanna know is how would the Wierwood know what is going on in the tower of Joy to be able to remember.....  bet they were peeping in the window or something
2678	-Ghost-	2013-04-12	I don't know that we can get our arms around what the limits of prophecy are.  I think there are less limits to that in GRRM's world since it is more based on mysticism or magical properties.  If one is gifted enough to see things that might yet happen it is not a stretch to suggest that they can see things in the past.  If the laws of physics are somewhat the same there we can say that the concept of time-space will suggest that from the perspective of the universe the events of the future is just as real as the events in the past.What I wanna know is how would the Wierwood know what is going on in the tower of Joy to be able to remember.....  bet they were peeping in the window or somethingIm going by what the wiki says a green dream is and it says it is a prophecy of things to come.
2679	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-12	So maybe Jojen has seen some prophecy of something Jon Snow is destined to do in the future and in seeing this in his green dream he puts two and two together that R+L=J
2680	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-12	A flashback to the ToJ would be cool, and if they can't get Sean Bean to act they could always use some clips from the Fellowship of the Rings. Boromir could be a younger Ned and Aragorn the shaggy bog devil Reed. That would be quality HBO television we've all come to enjoy.
2681	MoAt	2013-04-12	I understand he doesnt have access to the trees in the book. What Im saying is, if they didnt give Jojen the ability to see through the weirwood trees on the show, how did he see any of this? Green dreams arent of the past, they are prophecy dreams of the future.Jojen states in that scene that it's ANY WHEN. Past. Present. Future. That is now established canon in the series per Jojen Reed. He never used the phrase "green dream."If you have an issue that it's "not how it is in the books", you need to get past that personal disappointment. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 12 April 2013 - 03:59 PM.
2682	-Ghost-	2013-04-12	Jojen states in that scene that it's ANY WHEN. Past. Present. Future. That is now established canon in the series per Jojen Reed. He never used the phrase "green dream."If you have an issue that it's "not how it is in the books", you need to get past that personal disappointment. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm sorry that you got the impression that I was disappointed. Unfortunately, you are mistaken. I didn't see it posted here or remember it stated by Jojen that it was this way and wasn't sure if they decided to make him a greenseer. That's kinda why I said I don't understand how and said I was going off what the wiki states. Basically, the answer is, they changed it. Thanks for your help though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2683	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	I'm sorry that you got the impression that I was disappointed. Unfortunately, you are mistaken. I didn't see it posted here or remember it stated by Jojen that it was this way and wasn't sure if they decided to make him a greenseer. That's kinda why I said I don't understand how and said I was going off what the wiki states. Basically, the answer is, they changed it. Thanks for your help though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />They changed it but there's also the potential that they'll explain Jojen versus Bran's abilities a bit more in the coming episodes.
2684	MoAt	2013-04-12	I'm sorry that you got the impression that I was disappointed. Unfortunately, you are mistaken. I didn't see it posted here or remember it stated by Jojen that it was this way and wasn't sure if they decided to make him a greenseer. That's kinda why I said I don't understand how and said I was going off what the wiki states. Basically, the answer is, they changed it. Thanks for your help though. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />YAY! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I'm so glad you're not disappointed! Seriously. There's been so much of that around here it's getting depressing. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />So... thank you DVR:Jojen: (referring to Summer) You can get inside his head, see through his eyes.Bran: Only when I'm asleep.Jojen: Well that's how it begins until you learn to control it. You're a warg.Bran: It's not just wolves. Sometimes in my dreams....Jojen: The three-eyed raven?Bran: You've seen it?Jojen: We saw it together. You haven't forgotten?Bran: Does it have anything to do with warging?Jojen: No, the raven is something different. Something deeper. The raven brings The Sight.Bran: Seeing things that haven't happened yet.Jojen: Or things that happened long before you were born, or things that are happening right now, thousands of miles away.Then Meera and Osha have a chat, and Bran and Jojen start talking about the rebellion.They changed it but there's also the potential that they'll explain Jojen versus Bran's abilities a bit more in the coming episodes. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2685	Montey14	2013-04-12	yeahh they made it Jojens abilities a little confusing .....being that the reeds and Bran never met where they wore originally supposed to meet and thats in Winterfell during the harvest....seriously...what are the odds of 2 teenagers find Bran inthe middle of the forest trying to make their way to the wall...It's funny how they just show up out of the blue.....having ht em leaave together from Winterfell would have been the most believable turn of events....
2686	Montey14	2013-04-12	Jojen states in that scene that it's ANY WHEN. Past. Present. Future. That is now established canon in the series per Jojen Reed. He never used the phrase "green dream."If you have an issue that it's "not how it is in the books", you need to get past that personal disappointment. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm not disapointed...this is how the producers and writers want the show to progress and obviously Martin gives them creative liscense to change the plot around a little bit....most of the chages are pretty good and don't deviate from the original plot that much....but some are not ...the change they made with Cat about Jon for example is just hideous ....everybody knows she couldn't wait to get rid of him and felt no guilt at all about it.
2687	Batman	2013-04-16	Howland Reed has one thing, ONE THING. Without that one thing he is just any other character.
2688	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	when Jojen says: "your father told you about the rebellion? mine never did, but I've seen it..."I think that the implication is that (in the show, not in the books of course) he knows what really happened at the TOJ, and probably about Jon's parentage
2689	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	At first I expressed relief that Theon's torture hasn't been too bad so far. (yeah, yeah, easy for me to say, but you know what I mean)
Then I thought about the consequences for the narrative that would result from not "taking it over the top"
We need it to be over the top to establish Ramsay as the worst of the worst, the sickest of the sickos.
We also need it over the top to make the Theon ADWD thread compelling.  We need to understand why he is so broken, and if he hasn't been badly broken, you lose the neat effect of finding yourself rooting for Theon against your better sense.
If he only gets a broken foot and a knife under the fingernail, ever cheering Theon again just doesn't work, or explain why he would become an agent of the Boltons working against the Iron Born at M.C.
2690	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	While I don't think the torture will be as bad as it was in the books, I do think that tonight's episode was just a warmup for the future. They don't have to go to the same extent as the books did to make viewers feel sympathy for Theon IMO. I felt he was more sympathetic in season 2 than he was in ACOK.
2691	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Why do you think we saw all of the torture already?
Flaying would have been infinitely more awesome though.
2692	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	I just thought the whole Theon scene was really poorly done. There was real horror to it, no suspense. To a non-book viewer i expect it was more confusing than anything else. Really, really disappointed.
As for the bloke who 'comes to rescue him', i expect that'll be
	Spoiler A ploy from Ramsay to teach Theon who's boss, like we heard about in the books 

I still think my idea about keeping Theon's identity a mystery, at least in the beginning, would have worked better.
2693	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	Spoiler They're just getting started...
2694	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Maybe it's just me, but the Theon parts of this episode were awesome ... This is just the tip of the torture iceberg, I'm sure. It took a year for Theon to be completely broken. Ramsay is just toying with him. I can't imagine there won't be flaying later ... They are just keeping the Boltons under wraps for a slow reveal of how awful they are ... But they did reference the flayed man and their banners are super prominent so far this season!
2695	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	pretty sure they torture will probably get progressively worse and worse. I doubt Ramsay did all his torturing in one night.
2696	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-08	It's been one Theon episode. How could anyone possibly attempt to judge the amount or quality of his torture yet??
2697	Bayard	2013-04-08	I'm sure it gets worse, but it must go all the way!! Theon must lose some teeth, we need to see a flayed finger and him begging for Ramsay to cut it... and in the end, we need to see him eat a rat!! I dread that moment, because I have a phobia related to rats, but it is very important for both Theon and Ramsay, who are essential characters later on.
2698	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	I have to say, I think that keeping Theon in these seasons during his transformation into Reek could be about the best change that has come with the show.  There is a lot of potential there to show his continual degradation.  To show how Ramsay systematically broke him down, destroyed his trust in anyone and anything, and built him back up as a loyal hound.
2699	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	SPOILERS FOR UPCOMING EPISODES:
	Spoiler Apparently Theon is nearly raped by Bolton men in one of the next episodes.
2700	WinterKing	2013-04-08	Spoiler two seasons of turture are enough,don't you agree?
2701	Joyful Union	2013-04-08	Spoiler two seasons of turture are enough,don't you agree?
Season 4 will probably include some of his DwD material, Moat Calin, arriving at Winterfell and so on.
2702	KingWolf	2013-04-08	I think one Ramsay recaptures Theon, he'll start the real torture.I think this inital torture is only a ploy.It's all an act.He's playing with him for his own amusment.
2703	sati	2013-04-08	I think one Ramsay recaptures Theon, he'll start the real torture.I think this inital torture is only a ploy.It's all an act.He's playing with him for his own amusment.Same here, I think this is only the beginning. I wonder how far will HBO go with this story arc and certain more unpleasant Jaime scenes from the book.
2704	kephv	2013-04-08	Flaying may be in for later, but I doubt they'll go even so far as implying little Theon gets cut off.
2705	Iotun	2013-04-08	The boy trying to help him is obviously Ramsay, and I think he's just at his 'playing' phase now, manipulating Theon, making him think he's still got a chance to escape before his real fun begins. I like how the show has kept the plot line of Ramsay pretending to be somebody whom he's not, and then revealing himself to Theon later.
2706	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	It's on par with the books right now, more or less. Theon was still "whole enough" to have some fight left in him during the whole Kyra and her keys fiasco.
I'm sure after Ramsay plays his twisted game and we fade to black for another season, we'll see a truly wrecked Reek.
2707	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	I'm not at all concerned with how they have shown him.  He was crucified, he had a nail driven into his hand (which with all the little bones in there is not a small wound in an era of questionable medical capabilities) and he has had a screw driven through his foot which most likely has ruined that foot.
The lashes are the least of his worries from what we saw.
I also believe that the escape is either staged or that he gets caught very quickly.
2708	King Rickon	2013-04-08	I'm hoping they leave a lot of the torture off screen.  Maybe we'll just hear about it or something.  It was gruesome going in the books.  The second time through, I was actually contemplating skipping the Theon chapters becasue it was all too grisly for my taste, but you do have to read them to get the whole story.  I'm just wondering how much they can do to poor Alfie Allen to make him look starved, mangled, aged and missing a bunch of digits.
2709	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Agree 100% with the OP.
2710	episodenone	2013-04-08	How can they possibly show Flaying... I am repulsed by the very thought.  It's got to be one of the worst possible things to happen to someone in real life.
They didn't cut off Tyrion's nose... do we know for sure they will show Theon being flayed?  I'm not overly squeamish -- but I'll probably close my eyes!  haha
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 08 April 2013 - 09:36 AM.
2711	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	How can they possibly show Flaying... I am repulsed by the very thought.  It's got to be one of the worst possible things to happen to someone in real life.They didn't cut off Tyrion's nose... do we know for sure they will show Theon being flayed?  I'm not overly squeamish -- but I'll probably close my eyes!  hahaThey can do it without showing it in detail ... I mean, so far, the torture was pretty cringe-worthy, but they didn't really SHOW much gore, tbh. It can be suspenseful and very clear what's going on w/o SHOWING it up close.
2712	Chalkius Stark	2013-04-08	I don't think they're going to easy. As has already been said, TV Theon is a lot more sympathetic than Book Theon. People already feel bad for him even in light of what he did. So the torture does not need to go as far, to make us feel sorry. 
Plus, I very much doubt they're done. I'm pretty certain 'Boy' is Ramsay, and he'll give Theon hope only to crush him even further. I can think of little worse than escaping torture, thinking you're free, then being dragged back into it and tortured again and again.
2713	KingWolf	2013-04-08	They can always do a cut to after the torture to show a bloddy Theon.Gotta have Ramsey send Robb the gift of Theon's flesh.
2714	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	Spoiler They're just getting started...

	Spoiler Yeah. Toes, fingers, teeth, and skin gone awry are coming on the way. Not all we'll be shown on tv though. Maybe? Mayhaps?
2715	DurararaFTW	2013-04-08	He's got two~ seasons of torture ahead of him. This pace is fine.
2716	int11	2013-04-08	What made the initial Reek chapters so gruesome wasn't only the way he was tortured (did we even "see" it?), but the way his POV was written. They can always try to match it by introducing even more horrible torture methods, but it probably won't have the same effect.  However, if Alfie brings out his excellent performance from season 2 they have a chance to create some very memorable scenes.
2717	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	I thought last night's scenes were handled perfectly as far as the story is concerned.  Exactly what I expected to see.
It's likely that they're saving the worst for Theon until Ramsay himself gets ahold of him.  Right now Ramsay is just playing his sick twisted game for his own amusement, like a cat toying with its prey.  The worst is yet to come for Theon and I've got a feeling it'll begin next week with the "hunt."
2718	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	Well, the whole thing with the piece of skin being delivered to Cat & Robb during the wedding I'm assuming is still going to happen, so maybe we will get to see some flaying?He's got two~ seasons of torture ahead of him. This pace is fine.This
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 08 April 2013 - 10:09 AM.
2719	DragonAge93	2013-04-08	As others have said, I don't know why some are jumping to the conclusion this is the only torture Theon's gonna receive from his stay at the Dreadfort. They're just getting started. Once Ramsay has had his little fun with Theon, I expect it'll get more gruesome as he himself starts to do it.
2720	freetickles	2013-04-08	As to flaying, they've definitely played up the Boltons' affinity for flaying too much, both through Roose's comments last season and the mentions of the flayed man sigil, to not have him get flayed, probably after he's recaptured. I don't think we'll see flaying on-screen, but will probably get a gruesome view of his fingers once they're flayed.
2721	SerBearroll	2013-04-08	They're just getting started with him and IIRC the worst torture was done after Theon failed escape. There's an entire season to go and Ramsay is just getting started with him.
	Spoiler I believe the guy who said he'll help Theon escape is actually Ramsay, it would fit his character to play with Theon by giving him false hopes and crushing them.
2722	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-08	At first I expressed relief that Theon's torture hasn't been too bad so far. (yeah, yeah, easy for me to say, but you know what I mean)Then I thought about the consequences for the narrative that would result from not "taking it over the top"We need it to be over the top to establish Ramsay as the worst of the worst, the sickest of the sickos.We also need it over the top to make the Theon ADWD thread compelling.  We need to understand why he is so broken, and if he hasn't been badly broken, you lose the neat effect of finding yourself rooting for Theon against your better sense.If he only gets a broken foot and a knife under the fingernail, ever cheering Theon again just doesn't work, or explain why he would become an agent of the Boltons working against the Iron Born at M.C.It's the second episode of the season and from what i've glimpsed in the trailers, i would suggest to give it some time /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I guess it will get alot worse than this, he will be there for a while now /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2723	jonny__bravo	2013-04-08	Any partilcular reason the guards in the background when Theon is being tortured are dressed as/are ironborn soldiers, or just another ploy for Ramsey to mess with Theon's head?
2724	KingWolf	2013-04-08	Any partilcular reason the guards in the background when Theon is being tortured are dressed as/are ironborn soldiers, or just another ploy for Ramsey to mess with Theon's head? I assumed it was to trick Theon and make the while story more belivible.
2725	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Any partilcular reason the guards in the background when Theon is being tortured are dressed as/are ironborn soldiers, or just another ploy for Ramsey to mess with Theon's head?Maybe it's a trick? Maybe they are wearing the clothes that his men were wearing (stolen after killing them? No way were they actually allowed to go home, right?) Or maybe that's just a style that some bannermen wear that isn't necessarily specific to the Ironborn? Not a clue.
2726	Dustdevil	2013-04-08	I also don't get where people are getting the idea that Theon's torture is over. IIRC, Ramsay has let Theon escape from time to time just to give him false hopes and recapture him again. I think the show will go this far as well and it's way too early for him to escape, since he can't fall into the hands of Stannis, Balon is still alive and we haven't had the kingsmoot yet. So no worries, you'll get your torture scenes.
2727	bluemoon	2013-04-08	Did you guys expect him to be broken in one episode? lol
2728	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Well, as said, it's just starting. And he's barely even shown in books 3 (and 4?), just mentioned to being tortured, they can't do it all in the first episode or Alfie wouldn't have more than a few scenes.
Now, poor Alfie, he' was cast just to show up, get naked and scream aloud. I hope he's paid the same.
2729	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Well, as said, it's just starting. And he's barely even shown in books 3 (and 4?), just mentioned to being tortured, they can't do it all in the first episode or Alfie wouldn't have more than a few scenes.Now, poor Alfie, he' was cast just to show up, get naked and scream aloud. I hope he's paid the same.lol!! tbh I felt like his performance was a lot more subtle and amazing than just screaming/writhing in pain ... you could just feel the wheels turning as he is desperately trying to figure out what he should say to make it stop. I loved how he was cowering in terror when boy/Ramsay walked up and took the hood off. His desperate pleas "don't leave me" were heartbreaking. I'm seriously in love with Alfie's portrayal of Theon.
2730	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	It's been one episode and anyone that has read the book can see they've delayed the Reek ruse until now. Theon is going to get fucked up.
2731	shiola	2013-04-08	I liked the Theon parts, and I think the torture will continue.  However, I think the bulk of it will be off-screen.  We will definitely hear about him getting his dick flayed or else I'll be disappointed.  Not because I want it to happen to Theon, but because it's so terrible and so cruel that it really summarizes what Ramsay did to him.
2732	jonny__bravo	2013-04-08	Yeah I agree, as well as being another way to mess with Theon's head its also designed to tie in with what Robb tells Cat about Theon's whereabouts and what transpired at Winterfell. To a show viewer it was Dagmer and his ironborn that hooded and dragged Theon off, if they revelaed that he is being tortured at the Dreadfort and Ramsey and men torched Winterfell it would expose Roose's plot/knowledge of his son's actions.
2733	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-08	This was a good warmup round. And it will get much, much worse. It has to is they want audiences to ever root for ol' Theon again. I watched it with my wife who has never read the books, and she kept saying, good, Theon deserve everything he gets. I tell her he's beyond fucked. I'm partially going to enjoy watching my wife to see if her opinion changes of him in the next few seasons. As for the actual torture: I think we'll see the first strip of flesh flayed onscreen, then other will happen offscreen once they convey to the viewers what flaying actually involves doing. Most of the skin that gets flayed can be covered up with clothes. I think he'll lose a finger or two, which can be done with green wrap and CGI. I think like Tyrion's nose, Theon won't have any of his teeth removed. At least, I'd be surprised if they did. I'm curious about little Theon though. Will it be alluded to but never confirmed like in the books? Will it be confirmed outright? Or not happen at all? I don't want it to happen, but I must admit the thought that it probably DID is part of what made me decide he'd been punished enough for his sins.
2734	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	It was a great episode  and the torture is just the tip of iceberg for Theon.  It's quite obvious to us who his "savior" really is.  I'm hoping that we get a small glimpse of a flaying.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 08 April 2013 - 12:54 PM.
2735	JonDunn	2013-04-08	Is this the most 'jumping the gun' post ever on this site?
We have seen ONE episode of him, there is a LOT more to go.  he hasn't even actually met the real Ramsay yet.
Calm down.
2736	JonDunn	2013-04-08	Is this the most 'jumping the gun' post ever on this site?We have seen ONE episode of him, there is a LOT more to go.  he hasn't even actually met the real Ramsay yet.Calm down.
2737	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	lol!! tbh I felt like his performance was a lot more subtle and amazing than just screaming/writhing in pain ... you could just feel the wheels turning as he is desperately trying to figure out what he should say to make it stop. I loved how he was cowering in terror when boy/Ramsay walked up and took the hood off. His desperate pleas "don't leave me" were heartbreaking. I'm seriously in love with Alfie's portrayal of Theon.Oh, yeah. Alfie is great. Again, like Gleeson, he should be more featured in the show promo material.But also, if we stick straight to the books, his presence in the show wouldn't be more than a couple of minutes and could be filmed all in one day. They need to extend the whole thing, and they won't show everything in the same first episode.
2738	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	I thought the torture was going to be worse, a little flaying and stuff. I pulled my blanket over my head. Lol. 
Yeah there's going to be more, much more..
2739	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-08	Is this the most 'jumping the gun' post ever on this site?We have seen ONE episode of him, there is a LOT more to go.  he hasn't even actually met the real Ramsay yet.Calm down.Actually he has.  He just doesn't know it.
2740	AelinorTarg	2013-04-08	Will they imply that he got castrated? I remember when he has to eat Jeyne out,that he says ''I'm not even a man'' or something like that.
2741	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Will they imply that he got castrated? I remember when he has to eat Jeyne out,that he says ''I'm not even a man'' or something like that.It's implied pretty heavily in a few portions of the books that he's been castrated.  In addition to that quote, at one point he reminisces that he lost his fingers and toes "and that other thing."
2742	ServantOnIce	2013-04-08	I just thought the whole Theon scene was really poorly done. There was real horror to it, no suspense. To a non-book viewer i expect it was more confusing than anything else. Really, really disappointed.As for the bloke who 'comes to rescue him', i expect that'll be
	Spoiler A ploy from Ramsay to teach Theon who's boss, like we heard about in the books 
I still think my idea about keeping Theon's identity a mystery, at least in the beginning, would have worked better.Definetely a ploy. After they get the last bit of torture out of Theon, the dude looks over at Lord Snow and he comes up pretending to be someone saved by Theon's Sister. . .how did Theon ever buy that?
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 08 April 2013 - 04:00 PM.
2743	Abaddon	2013-04-08	I do not claim to be an expert on the subject matter (shudder) but I believe a man can still have sex without any testicles.  And, "that other thing" if I remember correctly is distinctively a singular term...
I'm hoping D&D handle that like the books, actually.  Have him imply it strictly via dialogue, from the book.
2744	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	how did Theon ever buy that?I'm gonna go with, he's being fucking tortured.
2745	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-08	It's only the beginning I suspect. I didn't expect to feel sorry for Theon, he's an arse and I never liked him. But I did feel a bit of sympathy for him, he's in for a tough ride.
2746	AelinorTarg	2013-04-08	I do not claim to be an expert on the subject matter (shudder) but I believe a man can still have sex without any testicles.  And, "that other thing" if I remember correctly is distinctively a singular term...I'm hoping D&D handle that like the books, actually.  Have him imply it strictly via dialogue, from the book.Yeah,it is said even in the books,that the eunuchs made in Yunkay/Meereen are still capable of erection. I think they will simply suggest it,or show us Theon afterwards with lots of blood on his crotch.
2747	shiola	2013-04-08	It's implied pretty heavily in a few portions of the books that he's been castrated.  In addition to that quote, at one point he reminisces that he lost his fingers and toes "and that other thing."I thought he had his dick flayed, not that he was castrated.
2748	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-08	I'm not a fan of torture porn, like I said I just think it needs to be sickening, grueling to watch for narrative purposes.
Also, to subvert audience desires for vengeance. Make them be glad he's getting hurt, then just drag it out so long and bad that they feel sickened and ashamed for having felt that way. That would be brilliant.
2749	Batman	2013-04-16	He cant be as horribly disfigured and mutilated as Reek. Reek was skeletal, worse than Christian Bale in the machinist. Allen wont or cant go that far.
2750	NedFlanderStark	2013-04-07	What is everyone's take on House Bolton's depiction on the show so far?  I think they're doing a pretty good job of setting Roose up to be a defacto "Right Hand Man" of Robb which will make his betrayal even greater.
I'm pumped to see how Ramsay gets fleshed out in the show and how his whole psychological/physical torture of Theon goes.  Are they going to be able to accurately show how much of a sociopath he is?
2751	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	I think the Boltons are developing really well. The change of Hoat to Locke, who I got the impression was one of the Boltons rather than a member of House Locke (like in the book), feels justified now after ep2. This way they can give the Boltons as much screentime as possible before the betrayal, rather than giving the shortlived Mummers and Hoat pointless time. And Theon and the Bastard had a good introduction. Can't wait until the next episode.
Not so sure about their banner though. I'm not a brit so I'm not offended, but it looks way too much like the Union Jack /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2752	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Big fan of House Bolton on the show and in the books.  
Love that they have Jamie now.
2753	teemo	2013-04-08	I loooveee Iwan Rheon.  I hate how they changed the colors of the flag /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2754	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I really love how House Bolton is getting a lot of screentime this season. Their banners were everywhere this episode. I just wish they'd mentioned Roose Bolton's first name.
2755	The Flaying Man	2013-04-08	I had been worried that House Bolton wasn't getting enough emphasis, which the visual medium needs, and was delighted that there were no less than 4 Bolton name drops in this episode (the only time the word "Bolton" has been mentioned in the show since Garden of Bones).
We had two mentions of "Lord Bolton", one mention of "Bolton's Bastard", and Jaime saying "the flayed man of House Bolton" at the end. I also wish that Roose's first name was mentioned, although House Bolton had more than enough emphasis this episode. I must admit though that when Locke ordered his men to pay the farmer a silver, I fully expected them to kill him.
2756	KhalFrodo	2013-04-08	I wish they had established them last season. A couple friends of mine were asking me about them and if they were fighting for Robb or if they were a seperate army... But, I think its being set up well enough this season. I just hope they don't rush it en route to the RW.
2757	Russo	2013-04-08	I had been worried that House Bolton wasn't getting enough emphasis, which the visual medium needs, and was delighted that there were no less than 4 Bolton name drops in this episode (the only time the word "Bolton" has been mentioned in the show since Garden of Bones).We had two mentions of "Lord Bolton", one mention of "Bolton's Bastard", and Jaime saying "the flayed man of House Bolton" at the end. I also wish that Roose's first name was mentioned, although House Bolton had more than enough emphasis this episode. I must admit though that when Locke ordered his men to pay the farmer a silver, I fully expected them to kill him.Yeah, they will have to kill him I would have thought. The Boltons cant have Robb find out they have Jaime, so he must be silenced.I tip Jaime will see his corpse in Harrenhal or on the way,and realise that something is fishy.
2758	Pilz	2013-04-08	So I guess it won't be the Mummers cutting off Jaime's hand.  Will it be blatently done by Bolton's men?
2759	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-08	So I guess it won't be the Mummers cutting off Jaime's hand.  Will it be blatently done by Bolton's men?Locke does it. Apparently he has a hate for Jaime due to his high born birth, and takes his anger out after the sapphire excuse means he cant rape Brienne.Or at least thats what someone who watched ep3 said.
					
					
							Edited by Rabid Grunt, 08 April 2013 - 07:25 AM.
2760	Tytus	2013-04-08	I guess we're not going to hear any "Kingthlayer" now /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2761	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	Yeah, they will have to kill him I would have thought. The Boltons cant have Robb find out they have Jaime, so he must be silenced.I tip Jaime will see his corpse in Harrenhal or on the way,and realise that something is fishy.They don't really need to kill him, he's just some peasant farmer who will probably never cross paths with the King in the North.Boltons have been great so far can't wait to see more of them. Ramsay is going to be TWISTED!
2762	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Locke does it. Apparently he has a hate for Jaime due to his high born birth, and takes his anger out after the sapphire excuse means he cant rape Brienne.Or at least thats what someone who watched ep3 said.Show spoiler tag would nice.
2763	SerBearroll	2013-04-08	I like how they are fleshing out House Bolton so far, makes sense since they are going to have a prominent role later on. Bolton's men also see to have their own armour design like all major houses do, or at least the soldiers at the Dreadfort wore armour different from the usual Stark/Northmen soldier's.
2764	vectner	2013-04-08	I point out Roose Bolton to my non-book reader wife every time he is on the screen. I want her to know who he is for sure  before he gives Rob Jaime's regards. She is also confused as to who Karstark is, but I let that slide.
2765	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	House Bolton is the best House. They've done it and its lord (soon to be lords) justice, slowly but surely.
If the Dreadfort looks half as skeletal and foreboding as it was described in the books, I'll be happy.
2766	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I guess we're not going to hear any "Kingthlayer" now /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Well, Locke did say "Kingthslayer" last night. He has a lisp, just not as strong as Vargo's.
2767	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	I wish they had established them last season. A couple friends of mine were asking me about them and if they were fighting for Robb or if they were a seperate army... But, I think its being set up well enough this season. I just hope they don't rush it en route to the RW.Roose definitely stood out to me in the last season and I hadn't read the books then. I don't think I've ever heard the word "flay" before in fiction so after I looked it up in the dictionary Roose suddenly went from one of Robb's bannerman to creepy sick Lord. He also had a disapproving face on him everytime Robb messed up so I was really getting the hint that he wasn't to happy and would certainly be doing something about in the next few episodes or seasons.
2768	shiola	2013-04-08	Did they explicitly say anywhere in the episode that we've met Ramsay?  I see people mentioning it in the "no spoiler" thread, but as far as I know that's a spoiler at this point...
2769	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-08	I loooveee Iwan Rheon.  I hate how they changed the colors of the flag /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Yeah I thought those were Tully banners at first.
2770	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Yeah I thought those were Tully banners at first.Yeah I did too. Especially when Robb's men were marching in the forest..
2771	tito5601	2013-04-08	i like the way the bolton dress that cape roose and locke has is cool and makes them look sorta evil i guess
2772	Ser Luke.	2013-04-08	I don't like the guy they got to play Roose, but he has done pretty well with what they've given him.
It's nice to see the Boltons finally starting to become relatively big characters, my non-reader friends are finally starting to notice them and be suspicious.
2773	Milcov	2013-04-08	I don't like the guy they got to play Roose, but he has done pretty well with what they've given him.It's nice to see the Boltons finally starting to become relatively big characters, my non-reader friends are finally starting to notice them and be suspicious.I think a lot of Roose Bolton's mannerisms are difficult to emphasise on screen, especially the soft speaking as they don't show councils much between the Northern Lords. I imagine we may get the leeches at Harrenhal with Jaime once he's been taken there.
2774	The Roose is Loose	2013-04-11	I like Vladimir Putin as Roose, and it looks like they'll do a good job with the Ramsey/Theon arc.
I'm actually worried that they've put too much emphasis on Roose.  I don't think that we've seen any other lord with Robb since season 1, except for Roose and Karstark, and the only other banners/sigils that I've seen in the northern army are the corresponding flayed man and white sunburst.  Please correct me, if I'm wrong.  (Who am I kidding, of course you will.)  Anyway, when we get to the RW will it appear that Robb's entire army has turned against him?  Will it just be Boltons, Karstarks, and Freys killing Wolves?
Maybe I'm too much of a book purist, but I would really like to see an extra standing around Robb with a Glover mailed fist or a fat guy with Manderly merman on his chest or shield.  I know they can't cast all the Northern and River lords from the books, but they could throw us a few more bones.  Maybe the Greatjohn will have a surprise cameo at the RW, but I doubt it.  [nerd rage fades to a sigh of resignation]
2775	Nezzer	2013-04-11	I like Vladimir Putin as Roose, and it looks like they'll do a good job with the Ramsey/Theon arc.I'm actually worried that they've put too much emphasis on Roose.  I don't think that we've seen any other lord with Robb since season 1, except for Roose and Karstark, and the only other banners/sigils that I've seen in the northern army are the corresponding flayed man and white sunburst.  Please correct me, if I'm wrong.  (Who am I kidding, of course you will.)  Anyway, when we get to the RW will it appear that Robb's entire army has turned against him?  Will it just be Boltons, Karstarks, and Freys killing Wolves?Maybe I'm too much of a book purist, but I would really like to see an extra standing around Robb with a Glover mailed fist or a fat guy with Manderly merman on his chest or shield.  I know they can't cast all the Northern and River lords from the books, but they could throw us a few more bones.  Maybe the Greatjohn will have a surprise cameo at the RW, but I doubt it.  [nerd rage fades to a sigh of resignation]Well, we know that Robb will have at least Edmure, the Blackfish and Wendel Manderly supporting him to the bitter end in the show. I also wish he had more nobles supporting him, but I think those guys will be enough to show that many people are still on his side.
2776	The Roose is Loose	2013-04-12	Did not know that a Manderly had been cast.  At least that's something.  (Also enjoyed the dead Mallister in Ep 1, even though I dont think "Ser Jeremy" was in the books - don't have them handy right now.)
2777	The Fourth Head	2013-04-12	Yep- loving the Bolton's so far.I like the actor playing Roose a lot. He gets a lot of airtime and lines without being noticeable- which is the whole point.I think on second watching, casual fans who probably still don't know who lord Bolton is will have a major face-palm moment when they see how long he has been around.Not happy with the change to the Bolton banners- I don't understand why they felt it was necessary, unless they were finding it hard to pull off pink. I like the cross thing they have going on- the visual clue is there between their banners and the apparatus Theon has been strapped to.
2778	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	Yep- loving the Bolton's so far.I like the actor playing Roose a lot. He gets a lot of airtime and lines without being noticeable- which is the whole point.I think on second watching, casual fans who probably still don't know who lord Bolton is will have a major face-palm moment when they see how long he has been around.Not happy with the change to the Bolton banners- I don't understand why they felt it was necessary, unless they were finding it hard to pull off pink. I like the cross thing they have going on- the visual clue is there between their banners and the apparatus Theon has been strapped to.My problem is that the Bolton banners are everywhere all of a sudden. Far larger and more numerous than Stark banners and all others are non existent. I would have had less of an issue with this sudden emphasis if the Bolton banners had been introduced earlier - in particular they should have had emphasis in the scene where Robb tells Roose they won't be using his torture techniques - and the banners should have had recognition by the characters to let the viewers know that they actually depicted the torture techniques that were being discussed.It has sort of had the feel that when Robb 'called the banners' everyone showed up with Stark Direwolves and now there are Flayed Men all over the place. Viewers are entitled to be a bit confused about what is going on.I have actually been a bit disconcerted at the disappearance of Lords like Umber etc. Did they all have coronaries after yelling "King in the North" all night back in Season 1?
2779	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-12	House Bolton is creepy and gets better on screen with each episode.
Yes, the flayed man banner has crept up very quickly but I suppose HBO nneds to pump the house for whats to come.
I assume HBO arent gonna do the Lady Hornwood angle though?
2780	Dove	2013-04-12	It'll be a shame if the don't fit that in somehow, even if it's just a creepy little monologue from Ramsay. Poor Lady Hornwood's fate stuck with me for a long time after reading ACoK, even though we just heard about it second hand and she was such a minor character.
2781	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-12	It'll be a shame if the don't fit that in somehow, even if it's just a creepy little monologue from Ramsay. Poor Lady Hornwood's fate stuck with me for a long time after reading ACoK, even though we just heard about it second hand and she was such a minor character.I agree, it showed the depths Ramsay would go to get what he wanted  which was Hornwood lands (her Husband and Son had died leaving Lady Hornwood with no immiediate heir)
2782	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-12	I like the arc, but I wish the actor they'd gotten to play Roose was more visually unique.  I understand why they can't do incredibly pale eyes, but I still wish there was something that made his apparence a bit more distinctive, even if it was only a prominent Flayed Man badge on his tunic.  As it is, week to week, I can't really remember what he looks like.
Ugh -- flashback to a much older version of this board and a poster called Flayed Man.  Don't suppose anyone else here would remember him....
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 12 April 2013 - 02:58 PM.
2783	Nezzer	2013-04-12	I like the arc, but I wish the actor they'd gotten to play Roose was more visually unique.  I understand why they can't do incredibly pale eyes, but I still wish there was something that made his apparence a bit more distinctive, even if it was only a prominent Flayed Man badge on his tunic.  As it is, week to week, I can't really remember what he looks like.Ugh -- flashback to a much older version of this board and a poster called Flayed Man.  Don't suppose anyone else here would remember him....Well, Roose is described as a normal looking guy with a completely unremarkable face. I think Michael McElhatton looks the part. I don't know why so many people draw him like a vampire in fan art.
2784	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	I like the arc, but I wish the actor they'd gotten to play Roose was more visually unique.  I understand why they can't do incredibly pale eyes, but I still wish there was something that made his apparence a bit more distinctive, even if it was only a prominent Flayed Man badge on his tunic.  As it is, week to week, I can't really remember what he looks like.Ugh -- flashback to a much older version of this board and a poster called Flayed Man.  Don't suppose anyone else here would remember him....Roose is not supposed to be distinguished. Also now that we've seen the actor like 10 times I don't know how you don't make the instant connection. Roose is distinguished because of his (rather surprising and creepy) actions, not his appearance.
2785	Maxthestig	2013-04-12	I think the casting of Roose Bolton is perfect. He is so cold but everythig he does so so deadly. Micahel McElhatton must get more roles off of this!
I hope Iwan will be as good but I'm not so sure yet.
2786	The Fourth Head	2013-04-13	"A quiet land, a peaceful people "Roose Bolton is meant to look unremarkable. He is the quintessential dark horse. The real one you are meant to look out for but can't see even though he is right in-front of you. That is the lesson he teaches everyone. It's the quiet ones, the ones you took for granted, forgot about etc you need to look out for, not the ones wringing their hands, sounding off, giving creepy looks at the 4th wall or saying "yees master".  That would be dumbing down a sophisticated supervillain.He is the reason I hate the Freys and respect the Boltons- for Roose's immaculate discretion. He always has his mask on- even with servants (see Arya's chapters) We will have enough obvious villains soon- Ramsey/Joffrey/Walder Frey not to need more panto-stuffThat said, Harrenhal with Jamie, and Roose's leaches will start to get people noticing him. That's quite a supervillan detail tbh! Up until now, he has been "Robb's bannerman", and not an individual decision-maker. His dealings with Jamie will prompt viewers to try to get inside Roose's mind more, as it did for readers.I'm still entertaining a crackpot theory that Roose is an "Other" wrapped in human skin, and is deliberately trying to massacre as many people as possible for as long as possible before being found out, but perhaps I am making him more important than he is!
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 13 April 2013 - 12:48 PM.
2787	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-13	I'm not sure about the Boltons. They are only really bringing them to the front lines this season, so people may feel a bit cheated by Roose's betrayal, thinking he was just some character thrown in to add a shock factor. This could be worse also because so many show-watchers I know still don't have a clue who the Boltons are.
2788	go joff go	2013-04-13	^ I think that is a fair concern.  I suspect we will get at least one if not more then one character building scene in Harrenhal.  Also they could elect do some of character building scenes after RW since moving Ramsey up will allow them to give Roose Bolton more scenes if they want to.
2789	winterstood	2013-04-14	I always pictured Roose Bolton as FAT. and sweaty. with that evil, weaselly, whispery voice he has.
2790	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-14	When reading the books, I pictured Roose as Captain Haddock from Tintin! /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2791	Joyful Union	2013-04-14	I always pictured Roose Bolton as FAT. and sweaty. with that evil, weaselly, whispery voice he has.I'm guessing you skipped over his description then
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 14 April 2013 - 05:12 AM.
2792	therustman	2013-04-14	I think they have been clever with the Bolton's. The banner was in season 1 - think it was the Greatjon finger scene and Roose has also been about in the background. I suspect the colour change was a visual/TV decision to help it stand out more, whether it does I don't know.
2793	Conchobar	2013-04-14	I like the arc, but I wish the actor they'd gotten to play Roose was more visually unique.  I understand why they can't do incredibly pale eyes, but I still wish there was something that made his apparence a bit more distinctive, even if it was only a prominent Flayed Man badge on his tunic.  As it is, week to week, I can't really remember what he looks like.Ugh -- flashback to a much older version of this board and a poster called Flayed Man.  Don't suppose anyone else here would remember him....He was described in the book as an ordinary looking guy. Thats the point of the shock factor when he betrays Robb, no one was expecting it.
2794	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	They can get at least 3 scenes out of him where he is a focus-point pre-RW to avoid fans feeling cheated and going "who the f' is he? when he does the nasty.
1) Meeting Jamie- how does Jamie greet him?/Dealing with Locke. What will he decide to do?
2) Deciding what to do with Jamie/Brienne - as "Lord" of Harrenhal. A delicious scene in the book with the whole question of "which side will he choose?" hanging in the air. His words sounded loyal- everything else screamed otherwise.
We may also find out about his leeches habit when they are in Harrenhal. Noone will forget that detail in a hurry! Roose will be the ultimate authority for all of this period. He will be the decision maker in both scenes. Fans can't miss him.
3) A final scene where Robb and Cat spell it out- "ah, here's Roose Bolton joining us for the wedding from Harrenhal with half my army! I was right to trust Roose Bolton. Even more than my mother, eh?" dig.
2795	AliKat	2013-04-11	Anyone who has read the books knows that Robb marrying Talisa/Jeyne is the beginning of the end but in season 2 they got married secretly. They haven't made a big deal about her being introduced to his men or anything. And so far they haven't shown him losing the Freys - although its implied he would. So my question is, why wouldn't they show or make a reference to him losing the Freys BEFORE Lord Karstark makes the comment that she's the reasons they're losing the war. Because without Robb losing the Freys, she's technically not a problem.
Also, I'm not a Talisa hater but is it just me or does the chemistry between Talisa and Robb seem to be gone now. I know Richard Madden was interviewed and said Robb starts out the season just burnt out and running on empty from the war and maybe that's what it is. But they don't act like a newly married couple considering they could barely stay away from each other last season.
2796	Montey14	2013-04-11	I think before he said that....he prefaced it by saying he was losing a good nmber of men.  I think they also want to build up friction between the bannermen and Robb ultimately leading to Karstarks beheading and Robb having to go grovel to Frey. It's a little bit differnt dyamic trying to build up the friction on screen as it is when your reading the book.....especially when Cat is describing whats going on and your reading how one decision has wrecked Robb's entire campaign.
2797	Dove	2013-04-11	Karstark becoming increasingly mutinous is probably to take some of the heat/suspicion off of Bolton, too, and not make it too obvious that he's planning treachery.
It is a little weird they haven't even touched on the Frey's reaction, didn't Cat make a big deal about it in season 2? Maybe I'm just misremembering. It's hard to seperate book and TV knowledge.
2798	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-12	Cat made a big deal about it in Season 2, but they haven't mentioned the Frey reaction so far. They will, eventually.
2799	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	He meant that the impending consequences will be that Robb loses the war.  Not that those consequences are already happening.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 02:07 AM.
2800	Rapsie	2013-04-12	They seem to be playing up Cat being the reason things are going wrong rather than hint that Robb's marriage was a massive blunder. They may have backed themselves into a corner with this storyline by changing it from Robb marrying to save a girl's honour and realizing it may have cost him dearly, to a Robb who put his own likes before the good of his people by marrying for the hell of it. It is difficult to stress that without Robb coming across as a massive douche.
2801	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	They seem to be playing up Cat being the reason things are going wrong rather than hint that Robb's marriage was a massive blunder. They may have backed themselves into a corner with this storyline by changing it from Robb marrying to save a girl's honour and realizing it may have cost him dearly, to a Robb who put his own likes before the good of his people by marrying for the hell of it. It is difficult to stress that without Robb coming across as a massive douche.I don't think they are saying Catelyn is responsible for everything (even though at the moment she is feeling that way due to her grief), and the line Karstark has that this thread is about very heavily implied that Robb made a huge mistake by marrying Talisa.  In fact, it's not really an implication, it's fairly straightforward.Also Robb in the books did the same thing, only he made excuses for himself.  And I don't think Robb in the show comes off as a "massive douche" either.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 07:25 AM.
2802	Reposado	2013-04-12	yeah i dont think the comment made sense.
at this point, theyre losing the war because the tyrell's sided with the lannisters. not sure what talisa had to do with that
2803	David Selig	2013-04-12	Has it ever been mentioned what's going on with the Frey army? Certainly not this season, and IIRC the previous one all the talk was how Robb had to make a deal only "for a bridge" and neither him nor others acknowledged he'd lose a big portion of his army if he cancels the deal. That makes odd all this blame for Talisa this season or maybe I am forgetting something from last season...
2804	Rapsie	2013-04-12	Also Robb in the books did the same thing, only he made excuses for himself.  And I don't think Robb in the show comes off as a "massive douche" either.In the books he was conflicted by two dishonorable choices. In the show he basically went screw what this means for my army, captive sisters, family etc I like this girl and I'll drop my allies to do so. They have really played down that angle in the show, but his loss of the Freys and what his marriage meant has to be tackled at somepoint (unless they make Edmure do something so all the blame falls on him). If they did highlight Robb did as he pleased then he would come across as a massive douche.
2805	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	In the books he was conflicted by two dishonorable choices. In the show he basically went screw what this means for my army, captive sisters, family etc I like this girl and I'll drop my allies to do so. They have really played down that angle in the show, but his loss of the Freys and what his marriage meant has to be tackled at somepoint (unless they make Edmure do something so all the blame falls on him). If they did highlight Robb did as he pleased then he would come across as a massive douche.Well that's your personal opinion and that's fine, but I don't agree.Also I don't believe Robb's story that he just screwed some random girl because it was convenient and he was sad.  I believe he was already in love with Jeyne.  But regardless people don't have sex out of grief, they have sex out of lust.  No one put a gun to Robb's head and made him screw Jeyne in the books, he chose to do it even though it wasn't the right thing to do in the big picture.  Being sad doesn't excuse that.
2806	Sun	2013-04-12	I expect the Karstark comment will be explained in the next couple of episodes, most likely in a conversation with the Blackfish.
As for the line itself for now, I took it as portentous. An attempt by the show to begin the foreshadowing of RW.
2807	Sun	2013-04-12	But regardless people don't have sex out of grief, Oh I do beg to differ. You perhaps don't, but some people definitely do.
2808	Reposado	2013-04-12	Well that's your personal opinion and that's fine, but I don't agree.Also I don't believe Robb's story that he just screwed some random girl because it was convenient and he was sad.  I believe he was already in love with Jeyne.  But regardless people don't have sex out of grief, they have sex out of lust.  No one put a gun to Robb's head and made him screw Jeyne in the books, he chose to do it even though it wasn't the right thing to do in the big picture.  Being sad doesn't excuse that.maybe. but your making an assumption there.bottom line, we dont know how it happened in the book exactly and that's much for the better. hard to do a love story convincingly, harder to do it in the amount of screen time that they gave to this one. and this one came off as stupid on the show. and it made robb seem a fool.and they haven't done a good job explaining the consequences
2809	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Oh I do beg to differ. You perhaps don't, but some people definitely do.I get that being in a heightened emotional state may cause people to be more open to doing things to make them feel better.  However no one says "I'm so sad right now, I've just GOT to have sex with the first willing person available!"  It's an impetus for a desire that already exists.
2810	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	maybe. but your making an assumption there.bottom line, we dont know how it happened in the book exactly and that's much for the better. hard to do a love story convincingly, harder to do it in the amount of screen time that they gave to this one. and this one came off as stupid on the show. and it made robb seem a fool.and they haven't done a good job explaining the consequencesWell everyone is making assumptions one way or the other with either circumstance, as portrayed on the show or as Robb tells it to his mom in the books.  Since the book doesn't tell us objectively what actually happens, I'm justified in extrapolating my opinion from the evidence in the novel.  People who believe Robb is so honorable that he would never tell a half-truth (but not so honorable to stop himself from besmirching a young woman's honor) are justified in their opinion as well.Anyway, it didn't come off as stupid on the show to me and I don't think Robb was a fool - even if what he did was a mistake.
2811	Silverx2	2013-04-12	in the books he didnt lose the Freys until they returned to riverrun.
Since this will be the first visit, i'd wager that the freys get word from lord walder regarding the marriage, and they leave, that turns to suggesting edmure be a replacement, and then the march to the twins.
2812	Reposado	2013-04-12	I get that being in a heightened emotional state may cause people to be more open to doing things to make them feel better.  However no one says "I'm so sad right now, I've just GOT to have sex with the first willing person available!"  It's an impetus for a desire that already exists.eh, its not just that. its the person who nursed you through that time and cared for your ailments. and then you got carried away, didnt think about it till afterwards
2813	Reposado	2013-04-12	Well everyone is making assumptions one way or the other with either circumstance, as portrayed on the show or as Robb tells it to his mom in the books.  Since the book doesn't tell us objectively what actually happens, I'm justified in extrapolating my opinion from the evidence in the novel.  People who believe Robb is so honorable that he would never tell a half-truth (but not so honorable to stop himself from besmirching a young woman's honor) are justified in their opinion as well.Anyway, it didn't come off as stupid on the show to me and I don't think Robb was a fool - even if what he did was a mistake.yeahh well ymmv but to many it did. "i dont want to marry the frey girl, i dont want to i dont want to, i dont want to."
2814	Sun	2013-04-12	I get that being in a heightened emotional state may cause people to be more open to doing things to make them feel better.  However no one says "I'm so sad right now, I've just GOT to have sex with the first willing person available!"  It's an impetus for a desire that already exists.Being in a compromised emotional state due to grief and reaching for the closest person at hand, especially someone who is tender and caring, for relief is something that isn't that hard to understand. Being emotionally compromised causes people to act in ways that they would not even consider when in their right minds.Robb, unlike Theon, was never portrayed as a man driven by his desires, or lusts - in fact I think we can all agree that he was probably a virgin before Jeyne. He's a very level headed mature young man, driven by duty, honour, and loyalty. Regardless of his attraction to Jeyne, I hold the opinion that it would have been out of character for him to have acted on it, compromising both his honour and hers, had he not been out his wits with grief. The death of his brothers is the crucial mitigating circumstance here. And there is nothing about this scenario that I find singular or implausible, tbh. 
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 12 April 2013 - 08:29 AM.
2815	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	Being in a compromised emotional state due to grief and reaching for the closest person at hand, especially someone who is tender and caring, for relief is something that isn't that hard to understand. Being emotionally compromised causes people to act in ways that they would not even consider when in their right minds.Robb, unlike Theon, was never portrayed as a man driven by his desires, or lusts - in fact I think we can all agree that he was probably a virgin before Jeyne. He's a very level headed mature young man, driven by duty, honour, and loyalty. Regardless of his attraction to Jeyne, I hold the opinion that it would have been out of character for him to have acted on it, compromising both his honour and hers, had he not been out his wits with grief. The death of his brothers is the crucial mitigating circumstance here. And there is nothing about this scenario that I find singular or implausible, tbh. There's a difference between simply being emotionally compromised and finding out both of your brothers were killed and your home was burned and people all slaughtered. And regardless there is less honor in marrying a girl because you had sex than breaking your word to marry another girl, losing an ally, and comprising your and your people's position in the war. Stop trying to make it seem like such a tough and wise decision in the novels. It was just as stupid but with slightly better reasoning that doesn't matter at the end of the day.
2816	oakenhelm	2013-04-12	Robb getting married in the books is extremely lacking, imo. It's no wonder the show is having trouble getting through the eve of the RW stuff.
2817	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Being in a compromised emotional state due to grief and reaching for the closest person at hand, especially someone who is tender and caring, for relief is something that isn't that hard to understand. Being emotionally compromised causes people to act in ways that they would not even consider when in their right minds.Robb, unlike Theon, was never portrayed as a man driven by his desires, or lusts - in fact I think we can all agree that he was probably a virgin before Jeyne. He's a very level headed mature young man, driven by duty, honour, and loyalty. Regardless of his attraction to Jeyne, I hold the opinion that it would have been out of character for him to have acted on it, compromising both his honour and hers, had he not been out his wits with grief. The death of his brothers is the crucial mitigating circumstance here. And there is nothing about this scenario that I find singular or implausible, tbh. Well we don't really know any of that, do we?  Since we only have a subjective account of what happened, with some evidence in the book that there may have been more going on, it's open to interpretation and either conclusion is equally possible.  And whether or not you believe Robb's behavior is justified is entirely subjective as well.I wonder - in the episode where Robb has sex with Talisa, if Robb had just been given the news that his brothers were dead would that make everything OK?Personally I hate it when movies have characters who are overcome with anger or sadness and they suddenly start kissing, etc.  In my opinion this trope is worse than the "King falls for the sassy girl" thing that people complain about.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 12 April 2013 - 08:42 AM.
2818	Sun	2013-04-12	There's a difference between simply being emotionally compromised and finding out both of your brothers were killed and your home was burned and people all slaughtered. And regardless there is less honor in marrying a girl because you had sex than breaking your word to marry another girl, losing an ally, and comprising your and your people's position in the war. Stop trying to make it seem like such a tough and wise decision in the novels. It was just as stupid but with slightly better reasoning that doesn't matter at the end of the day.I don't think you understand what I was arguing, so I suggest that you go back and read the conversation from the beginning.
2819	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	Robb, unlike Theon, was never portrayed as a man driven by his desires, or lusts - in fact I think we can all agree that he was probably a virgin before Jeyne. He's a very level headed mature young man, driven by duty, honour, and loyalty. Regardless of his attraction to Jeyne, I hold the opinion that it would have been out of character for him to have acted on it, compromising both his honour and hers, had he not been out his wits with grief. The death of his brothers is the crucial mitigating circumstance here. And there is nothing about this scenario that I find singular or implausible, tbh. I would not go far as to say he was a virgin.  They specifically say that about Jon because he had that issue about being a bastard and all and not knowing his mother..... and that Jon did not go whoring with his peers even though he is of age.  The book might not say it but his peers are Robb and Theon.   It might contribute to the manner in which Theon chastises Jon ....   I think it more likely that Robb is in love the first time and does not want to treat Jeyne as a whore or mistress because at least in the book she is from a good house.   Still don't understand the Talisa thing since she is of a lesser house.  The producers seem to want to suggest in some way that Robb is tempted by exotic woman.  I think that was a last minute change just to fix consistencies in the dialog between Rob and Cat that won't be reconciled even though the role seems to be cast as Jayne but morphedThe whole issue is that Robb is thrust into this situation too inexperienced, they had to make the alliance for the crossing, and it is a general bummer to have an arranged marriage with a Frey that is described as not as ugly as the others.  Robb's parents are arranged, when not in love.  To be King is to sacrifice in this manner.  Cat spells it out for Robb...   he can't do it and suffers the consequences
2820	Sun	2013-04-12	Well we don't really know any of that, do we?  Since we only have a subjective account of what happened, with some evidence in the book that there may have been more going on, it's open to interpretation and either conclusion is equally possible.  And whether or not you believe Robb's behavior is justified is entirely subjective as well.Well, not really. Robb was grieving and in shock, Robb was injured, Jeyne was nursing him. It's not a stretch to believe that his actions were influenced by his emotional state. This is OT for the show forum, but there's even evidence that implies that Jeyne may have been placed on Robb's chamber as a honeytrap. You can threads about in the ASOS and the General book threads. I wonder - in the episode where Robb has sex with Talisa, if Robb had just been given the news that his brothers were dead would that make everything OK?I'm of the opinion that it would have served Robb's character better had the relationship been crafted similarly to the books.Personally I hate it when movies have characters who are overcome with anger or sadness and they suddenly start kissing, etc.  In my opinion this trope is worse than the "King falls for the sassy girl" thing that people complain about.Grief as impetus for sex is more than just a trope.
2821	Sun	2013-04-12	I would not go far as to say he was a virgin.  They specifically say that about Jon because he had that issue about being a bastard and all and not knowing his mother..... and that Jon did not go whoring with his peers even though he is of age.  The book might not say it but his peers are Robb and Theon.   It might contribute to the manner in which Theon chastises Jon ....  I never got the impression the Robb went whoring with Theon. I'm not saying you're wrong necessarily, it's just not the impression I got from my read. I would have bet money on him being a virgin.Still don't understand the Talisa thing since she is of a lesser house.  The producers seem to want to suggest in some way that Robb is tempted by exotic woman.Unfortunately. I think the show messed up badly with the whole Robb/Talisa thing. I find it neither interesting, nor believable, but that's a S2 rant that I won;t go into here. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 12 April 2013 - 09:09 AM.
2822	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	Well, not really. Robb was grieving and in shock, Robb was injured, Jeyne was nursing him. It's not a stretch to believe that his actions were influenced by his emotional state.That's not what I meant by "we don't know."  I agree that it's not totally unbelievable - I just don't believe it - but because we're hearing it second hand from Robb instead of seeing what actually happened, it means that Robb could be a somewhat unreliable narrator and I believe there is evidence supporting that.This is OT for the show forum, but there's even evidence that implies that Jeyne may have been placed on Robb's chamber as a honeytrap. You can threads about in the ASOS and the General book threads.Yes, I understood that implication from the books as well.I'm of the opinion that it would have served Robb's character better had the relationship been crafted similarly to the books.So your answer is yes then?  Or no, it wouldn't matter? I don't follow.Grief as impetus for sex is more than just a trope.So is the Talisa storyline.But I'm not just talking about grief as an impetus for sex, I mean the way it plays out in film and TV.  Which is surely how it would play on the show, and may be part of why they avoided it in the first place.
2823	David Selig	2013-04-12	It's not the sex the Jeyne which was dumb, selfish and incredibly irresponsible from Robb, it was the marriage. The grief isn't an excuse for that.
2824	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	I never got the impression the Robb went whoring with Theon. I'm not saying you're wrong necessarily, it's just not the impression I got from my read. I would have bet money on him being a virgin.You know, I would have before, but now that I'm thinking about it I'm not so sure. I wonder if Robb just seems really virginal b/c you only get to "see" him through the eyes of Catelyn, Bran, Ned, and Jon Snow. Theon thinks about him, but he wouldn't have any particular reason to dwell on whoring or sex since it's not a big deal to him.There is that one Bran chapter where Theon starts to tell a dirty story about Kyra, and Robb is like "Not in front of my brother" so who knows, maybe Robb Stark isn't really as virginal as he seems.
2825	Sun	2013-04-12	It's not the sex the Jeyne which was dumb, selfish and incredibly irresponsible from Robb, it was the marriage. The grief isn't an excuse for that.That's absolutely true. Honor is no excuse for stupidity.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 12 April 2013 - 09:51 AM.
2826	oakenhelm	2013-04-12	It's not the sex the Jeyne which was dumb, selfish and incredibly irresponsible from Robb, it was the marriage. The grief isn't an excuse for that.I understand the RW has to happen and there is no getting around that. While it is certainly hindsight, I have wondered why it would be that he felt like he had to marry her right away. If he was wary of what Walder might do or afraid of losing Frey swords, why not just wait until after you pass the Twins north and take Winterfell back to marry her? At least you will be dealing with Walder from a position of strength
2827	Sun	2013-04-12	There is that one Bran chapter where Theon starts to tell a dirty story about Kyra, and Robb is like "Not in front of my brother" so who knows, maybe Robb Stark isn't really as virginal as he seems.I'm not sure dirty jokes = whoring, but I get your point. I still would lay money on him being a virgin, though.
2828	Sun	2013-04-12	I understand the RW has to happen and there is no getting around that. While it is certainly hindsight, I have wondered why it would be that he felt like he had to marry her right away. If he was wary of what Walder might do or afraid of losing Frey swords, why not just wait until after you pass the Twins north and take Winterfell back to marry her? At least you will be dealing with Walder from a position of strengthWell if you buy into the honeytrap theory, which I do, you can easily imagine Robb being pressured and manipulated into it. It's no excuse though, it was still a stupid decision on his part. I'm afraid there's no way to get around that point.
2829	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	I'm not sure dirty jokes = whoring, but I get your point. I still would lay money on him being a virgin, though.I could see it going either way. He certainly can't be totally clueless about sex and girls, though, having been really close to Theon, though, right? heh heh
2830	Sun	2013-04-12	So is the Talisa storyline.But I'm not just talking about grief as an impetus for sex, I mean the way it plays out in film and TV.  Which is surely how it would play on the show, and may be part of why they avoided it in the first place.No. I have a feeling they re-wrote it in order to streamline the plot, minimize exposition, keep Robb and Cat in the same place, as well as sparing them the cost of another castle location, and the cost of casting the Westerlings, or at very least the mother.
2831	David Selig	2013-04-12	I'm not sure dirty jokes = whoring, but I get your point. I still would lay money on him being a virgin, though. Even if Robb was a virgin by the time he left Winterfell, after months on the campaign, putting his life at risk, all the pressure on him, dealing with his father's imprisonment and death, surrounded by the likes of Theon, Greatjon and later Edmure, and the young men of his personal guard, I doubt he remained a virgin until he met Jeyne.
2832	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	Even if Robb was a virgin by the time he left Winterfell, after months on the campaign, putting his life at risk, all the pressure on him, dealing with his father's imprisonment and death, surrounded by the likes of Theon, Greatjon and later Edmure, and the young men of his personal guard, I doubt he remained a virgin until he met Jeyne.This is a very good point ... I think it's easy to forget that a lot of time has passed. Also, since all of this is from Cat's POV, I think that makes it a bit skewed for things like "bedding camp followers" and such.
2833	oakenhelm	2013-04-12	I'm just never going to get over:
Robb: Oh hey mom. Btw, I'm married!
Cat: Da fuck?
2834	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	I'm just never going to get over:Robb: Oh hey mom. Btw, I'm married!Cat: Da fuck?Hahahah, oh man ... Robb definitely seems (and is) so much younger in the books. I think that makes him more sympathetic despite making a lot of stupid decisions out of stubbornness and inexperience. I suppose that could be attributing to the show's struggle with him.
2835	Sun	2013-04-12	Even if Robb was a virgin by the time he left Winterfell, after months on the campaign, putting his life at risk, all the pressure on him, dealing with his father's imprisonment and death, surrounded by the likes of Theon, Greatjon and later Edmure, and the young men of his personal guard, I doubt he remained a virgin until he met Jeyne.The point is, we never got a hint of it in the text.
2836	Khal Porno	2013-04-12	No. I have a feeling they re-wrote it in order to streamline the plot, minimize exposition, keep Robb and Cat in the same place, as well as sparing them the cost of another castle location, and the cost of casting the Westerlings, or at very least the mother.I have no doubt those things were considered as well.  You'll notice I said "part of."  Since neither of us were there when they planned everything we can only speculate.
2837	Mulled Wino	2013-04-12	I don't think they are saying Catelyn is responsible for everything (even though at the moment she is feeling that way due to her grief), and the line Karstark has that this thread is about very heavily implied that Robb made a huge mistake by marrying Talisa.  In fact, it's not really an implication, it's fairly straightforward.Also Robb in the books did the same thing, only he made excuses for himself.  And I don't think Robb in the show comes off as a "massive douche" either.He comes off as a clueless douche.  Marching around doing nothing but laying siege to empty castles
2838	Mulled Wino	2013-04-12	I would not go far as to say he was a virgin.  They specifically say that about Jon because he had that issue about being a bastard and all and not knowing his mother..... and that Jon did not go whoring with his peers even though he is of age.  The book might not say it but his peers are Robb and Theon.   It might contribute to the manner in which Theon chastises Jon ....   I think it more likely that Robb is in love the first time and does not want to treat Jeyne as a whore or mistress because at least in the book she is from a good house.   Still don't understand the Talisa thing since she is of a lesser house.  The producers seem to want to suggest in some way that Robb is tempted by exotic woman.  I think that was a last minute change just to fix consistencies in the dialog between Rob and Cat that won't be reconciled even though the role seems to be cast as Jayne but morphedThe whole issue is that Robb is thrust into this situation too inexperienced, they had to make the alliance for the crossing, and it is a general bummer to have an arranged marriage with a Frey that is described as not as ugly as the others.  Robb's parents are arranged, when not in love.  To be King is to sacrifice in this manner.  Cat spells it out for Robb...   he can't do it and suffers the consequencesRobb could have picked any frey,  and by all accounts roslyn is a good looking lady.
2839	SerMixalot	2013-04-12	That's absolutely true. Honor is no excuse for stupidity.GRRM intentionally put Robb in the same dilemna that Ned was in, trying to find the honorable way out of an impossible situation.
2840	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	He comes off as a clueless douche.  Marching around doing nothing but laying siege to empty castlesHe comes off like that to you. To me he comes off as a stubborn but determined young man thrust into a terrible situation and terribly frustrated, trying to remain mature and regal while struggling with the reality that he's never going to get what he wants. So I suppose it's a matter of perspective but I would think most non readers don't view him as a clueless douche, considering all of my non reader friends think he's great but is finding himself in bad situations.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 12 April 2013 - 06:04 PM.
2841	Mulled Wino	2013-04-13	He comes off like that to you. To me he comes off as a stubborn but determined young man thrust into a terrible situation and terribly frustrated, trying to remain mature and regal while struggling with the reality that he's never going to get what he wants. So I suppose it's a matter of perspective but I would think most non readers don't view him as a clueless douche, considering all of my non reader friends think he's great but is finding himself in bad situations.He's not looking like a great leader/warrior that people would follow.  That's the deviation from the books that I'm not fond of.Wow, struggling with the reality that he's never gonna get what he wants... tough struggle.  Sounds like a terribly unique problem.
2842	boojam	2013-04-13	Anyone who has read the books knows that Robb marrying Talisa/Jeyne is the beginning of the end but in season 2 they got married secretly. They haven't made a big deal about her being introduced to his men or anything. And so far they haven't shown him losing the Freys - although its implied he would. So my question is, why wouldn't they show or make a reference to him losing the Freys BEFORE Lord Karstark makes the comment that she's the reasons they're losing the war. Because without Robb losing the Freys, she's technically not a problem.I think there are some teleplay continuity errors this season I don't remember us having before.The NW Lord Commander speaking dialog to Sam that's in the book but not set up on the screen.Yours is another one, don't know if it's in the book but it's plot material referred to that is not set up.It's like where's the continuity editor?
2843	shiola	2013-04-14	In the books he was conflicted by two dishonorable choices. In the show he basically went screw what this means for my army, captive sisters, family etc I like this girl and I'll drop my allies to do so. They have really played down that angle in the show, but his loss of the Freys and what his marriage meant has to be tackled at somepoint (unless they make Edmure do something so all the blame falls on him). If they did highlight Robb did as he pleased then he would come across as a massive douche.I agree that the show has made him more douchey than the books, in that regard.  I explained to my non-reader friend why Robb marries "Talisa" in the books, and he said "Ohhh that makes so much more sense than what the show is doing.  I don't dislike him for marrying her now."  I definitely think the show Robb looks like a tool compared to book Robb, who is more like a boy trying to do right by everyone which results in him getting in a really precarious situation.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 14 April 2013 - 04:27 PM.
2844	JMJ	2013-04-14	Well, to answer the OP, the concern about the Frey's didn't occur in the books full force until Riverrun, as other posters have said. Moreover, the idea of having Edmure as a "consolation prize" to Lord Frey wouldn't make sense until the show has introduced Edmure. As it appears this is happening in E03, I suspect the Frey discussion will begin either E03 or E04.
2845	Khal Porno	2013-04-15	I think there are some teleplay continuity errors this season I don't remember us having before.The NW Lord Commander speaking dialog to Sam that's in the book but not set up on the screen.Yours is another one, don't know if it's in the book but it's plot material referred to that is not set up.It's like where's the continuity editor?Well there's not a continuity error regarding Talisa, because Karstark is talking about FUTURE consequences because of Robb's marriage to her, not that they are seeing the consequences play out.What's Mormont's dialogue that you're referring to?
2846	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	Yeah, it's one of the big ironies of the book. Roslyn/Robb would have been a fine match.
2847	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	I think the show is delaying making a direct mention of the Freys right now because if they did so in episode 3, that would be 7 weeks of "the Freys are angry, we need to make amends with the Freys" it would drag it out too much. Most people are like "who the F are the Freys?" so a name drop wont really help matters at this stage. they need to be mentioned when they are the focus of the story again later on.they seem to be going about it methodically in stages. My guess is Walder Frey doesn't know yet, and they will made a big deal of him finding out at a more appropriate moment in the story. I think they want to show a steady decline in Robb's fortunes, and make people realise slowly but surely that Robb can't win.Here is how I see it playing out.1) Introduce the Tullys,2) huge focus on the Karstark beheading. The rights and wrongs, the moral ambiguity etc etc3) The Karstarks abandon him.4) Frey "finds out" about Talisa (Dum Dum Duuum!) and the Frey's abandon him. Double-whammy5) Robb realises he can't win and decides (sorry fans!) to turn around and make for home.6) Damn though!, Robb realises to do this, he needs to cross the bridge again (oh the irony!) in order to get home, and furthermore, what about his mothers family? What about this Edmure and Blackfish we have been introduced to? Are they going to be abandoned?7) Time to worry about making amends with the Freys.Its a step by step thing when you have a few minutes per episode. We aren't going to see the Freys again for a while yet, and yet more name dropping them so early in the season when other people are being introduced is juggling too many balls at once. The focus is on the Tullys, then the Karstarks, then the Freys it seems to me. Lord Walder will get mentioned when it's time to worry about Lord Walder.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 16 April 2013 - 06:50 AM.
2848	zaphodbrx	2013-04-08	So, this episode we had our first peek at 'Locke', a TV character who is supposed to be playing the role of Vargo Hoat.
However if you think about it, this isn't quite right.
Vargo Hoat and co. were a mercenary band who switched sides and had no loyalty to anyone, they were also criminal and depraved.
Locke is Bolton's own bannerman. Why would he cut off Jamie's hand?
Roose can't do it. He needs the alliance with Tywin. Atleast Book Roose wouldn't do such a thing.
I can't see Robb not finding out about Roose sending Jamie free ( hand cut off or otherwise )...
I am really curious to see how this will all work out. Do you think they will manage to find plausible explanations and motivations for all sides? Or as I think ( and I really hope I am wrong ), they will make an epic screw up like Jamie killing Alton last season in a scene that made no sense whatsoever..?
2849	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I'm curious to see how it will play out too, but I have a couple ideas, none of them entirely satisfactory...
Maybe Locke is a bit of a loose canon, and he has a lot of undisciplined men much like the Bloody Mummers.  And maybe Jaime is not being an orderly captive and he is running his mouth a bit too much and driving Locke so crazy that he just has to do something to show Jaime he means business.  Or maybe Roose secretly approved of the maiming to get on Karstark's good side so he can say, "Lord Karstark, he's a cripple now with no sword hand; he can never kill again."  But then, of course, Roose releases Jaime in exchange for Jaime agreeing not to tell his father it was the Boltons who cut off his hand.  But who will he say cut it off then?  If he says it was the Starks or the Stark bannermen, Tywin will maim Sansa in a hot minute.  Maybe he will claim it was Brienne.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 07:55 AM.
2850	Hellfell	2013-04-08	Jaime tries to escape (again), killing several Locke's men. Locke chops Jaime's hand off. Northern vengeance how it's meant to be
2851	victim	2013-04-08	They've changed Hoat to Locke so they can show off the Bolton's more. If you think about what's to come, it's a worthy change. As for Jaime losing a hand, I don't think Locke is a Lord, he may still lead a group of savages. Roose Bolton described him as "his best hunter," and a High Born would be no such thing. The synopsis of Episode 3 contains the line: "Jaime makes a deal with his captors," which is interesting to say the least. I don't think they'll cut off his hand just cause they can.
Noah Taylor is an extraordinarily underrated Australian actor as well, he'll be wondrous in any role in this show - even if the role is changed or made up. When he was first cast in an unknown role, I thought to myself how good of a Mance he would make, but I digress. I won't really miss Hoat, I could never really take him seriously and someone in the employ of the Bolton's should ALWAYS be taken seriously. Taylor will bring it.
2852	WTFSalami	2013-04-08	Vargo Hoat was one of my least favorite characters in the book. The over-pronounced lisp was goofy and it would have never translated to the screen. The change is a good one as someone else said, because it's showing more of the Boltons, who are going to become very important in later seasons.
2853	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	When he showed up, he looked rather loyal to Robb. It could be that he doesn't know what Roose is up to.
2854	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	I always thought "kingthlayer, you are my captith!" was hilarious, but yeah, other than the lisp and extensive cruelty, Vargo really wasn't that special, and Noah Taylor is a great actor, so I'm excited to see what they come up with for him, and if his fate will be similar to that of Vargo's.
2855	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	So, this episode we had our first peek at 'Locke', a TV character who is supposed to be playing the role of Vargo Hoat.However if you think about it, this isn't quite right.Vargo Hoat and co. were a mercenary band who switched sides and had no loyalty to anyone, they were also criminal and depraved.Locke is Bolton's own bannerman. Why would he cut off Jamie's hand?Roose can't do it. He needs the alliance with Tywin. Atleast Book Roose wouldn't do such a thing.I can't see Robb not finding out about Roose sending Jamie free ( hand cut off or otherwise )...I am really curious to see how this will all work out. Do you think they will manage to find plausible explanations and motivations for all sides? Or as I think ( and I really hope I am wrong ), they will make an epic screw up like Jamie killing Alton last season in a scene that made no sense whatsoever..?I didn't mind that. Why is it such a big deal that they made him a kinslayer? He did attempt to murder Bran, which I still think is much worse.
2856	zaphodbrx	2013-04-08	Another thing I should mention is that Locke already exists in the books. He's called Steelshanks Walton.I didn't mind that. Why is it such a big deal that they made him a kinslayer? He did attempt to murder Bran, which I still think is much worse.It's not about being a kinslayer, its the way they went about it the whole scene-why is a nobleman's son on guard duty by himself-why does that moron enter the cage when he saw one prisoner kill another-does Jamie really expect to escape when surrounded by thousands of northern soldiers.-And yes, I did find it out of character for Jamie to kill -not only one of his kin- but someone who hero worshipped him a minute ago, for basically no reason. He could just have told Alton to pretend dead instead.
2857	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-08	Another thing I should mention is that Locke already exists in the books. He's called Steelshanks Walton.There is actually a House Locke in ASOIAF but they are not Roose Boltons bannermen...also...Steelshanks is cast this season so I imagine he will still play his role as Jaimes escort...I am thinking Locke (Taylor) is going to take on aspects of Vargo's arc but still too early to tell if he will defy Roose an follow how own agenda
2858	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	The whole reason for reworking Vargo and the Brave Companions was to simplify things for TV and to cement House Bolton's place in the viewers' minds.  As others have mentioned, the Boltons will become very important in the future and the time is right to start working them into the story in earnest.  To introduce this colorful sellsword troupe out of nowhere (in the same episode as the BWB, at that) would have created a lot of confusion among non-readers.
I liked our brief glimpse of Locke.  As much as I liked Vargo's stuff in the book, on screen he may well have come across as goofy which would have set the wrong tone.  Locke carries an air of menace about him.
2859	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.
2860	Iotun	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.They can't just 'write fake things in'? As opposed to the 'reality' of the novels?Actually I think you're being sarcastic, so I'll ignore you so as not to look silly myself.
2861	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.Was this meant for the Cat/Jon thread?
2862	SeventySeven	2013-04-08	I always thought "kingthlayer, you are my captith!" was hilarious, but yeah, other than the lisp and extensive cruelty, Vargo really wasn't that special, and Noah Taylor is a great actor, so I'm excited to see what they come up with for him, and if his fate will be similar to that of Vargo's.Me too, and I wouldn't have minded seeing him on the show. Noah Taylor is rather good though, so it might just work anyway.As for Jaime's hand, my guess is that they'll probably tweak around with the reason for cutting it off.
2863	SerBearroll	2013-04-08	I like the fact that they replaced Vargo with a Bolton Bannerman. It gives the Boltons more characters, personality and removes the Bloody Mummers, who would have looked silly, confusing and out of place in the series.
I guess Jaime will still lose his hand because of Locke, maybe while trying to escape and the Boltons chop it off afterwards.
2864	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Maybe as a consequence for the fight scene that will happen next week. Or is that going to be the sapphires scene?
2865	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	They should havwe just made him Steelshanks Walton, soooooooooooo much better of a name that Locke.
2866	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	I always thought "kingthlayer, you are my captith!" was hilarious, but yeah, other than the lisp and extensive cruelty, Vargo really wasn't that special, and Noah Taylor is a great actor, so I'm excited to see what they come up with for him, and if his fate will be similar to that of Vargo's.It's a bit sad that sometimes book adaptations get ride of moments in books/comics when they don't take themselves so seriously. And there is some cruel irony to the fact that the great Kingthlayer was caught by a guy who can't even speak properly: a completely "what's the worst that could happen now?" scenario.
2867	Gonzalo	2013-04-08	So, this episode we had our first peek at 'Locke', a TV character who is supposed to be playing the role of Vargo Hoat.However if you think about it, this isn't quite right.Vargo Hoat and co. were a mercenary band who switched sides and had no loyalty to anyone, they were also criminal and depraved.Locke is Bolton's own bannerman. Why would he cut off Jamie's hand?Roose can't do it. He needs the alliance with Tywin. Atleast Book Roose wouldn't do such a thing.I can't see Robb not finding out about Roose sending Jamie free ( hand cut off or otherwise )...I am really curious to see how this will all work out. Do you think they will manage to find plausible explanations and motivations for all sides? Or as I think ( and I really hope I am wrong ), they will make an epic screw up like Jamie killing Alton last season in a scene that made no sense whatsoever..?Don't forget that Lord Rickard had promised the hand of his daughter to whoever captured the Kingthlayer
2868	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-08	Seems simple enough to me; have Jaime try to escape and Locke cuts his hand off either in a fight, or to teach him a lesson. Roose Bolton comes along later and tries to play it up like Locke was going too far. He may even kill Locke in front of Jaime to try to make amends with Jaime/Tywin and then lets him go. Roose won't have to worry about what Robb  thinks about the whole affair for much longer anyway. The timing will be close enough for him.
					
					
							Edited by Big Daddy Dave, 08 April 2013 - 01:03 PM.
2869	shiola	2013-04-08	Jaime will definitely lose his hand, right?  He could also become an ineffective swordsman if he loses a few fingers, which could be done ~accidentally~ somehow in a struggle, maybe..  I dunno.  I'm excited to see how they do it.  Is it next episode?
2870	Relic	2013-04-08	The Noseless and Handless Lannister brothers can't exist in HBO's version since Tyrion kept his. maybe tv Jaime will share a similar fate?
2871	Frumpus	2013-04-08	This dilemma is just more bad writing on the writers' part. Having to workaround not having the bloody mummers is the result of this. I am curious too to see how they actually pull this off without it looking completely ridiculous (like Ramsay "freeing" Theon).
2872	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	This dilemma is just more bad writing on the writers' part. Having to workaround not having the bloody mummers is the result of this. I am curious too to see how they actually pull this off without it looking completely ridiculous (like Ramsay "freeing" Theon).Ramsay plays a game with his victims where he sets them free and then hunts them down with his bitches. It's not ridiculous, you are.
2873	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	They should havwe just made him Steelshanks Walton, soooooooooooo much better of a name that Locke.I think it's because the writers are secretly communists and they despise liberty and democracy and wish to subtly impugn the name of the philosopher John Locke.
2874	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-08	They should havwe just made him Steelshanks Walton, soooooooooooo much better of a name that Locke.Steelshanks has already been cast for this season; Locke is a lock for absorbing Vargo's archttp://www.westeros....nks_Walton_Cast
2875	The Bastard of Chicago	2013-04-08	I think it's because the writers are secretly communists and they despise liberty and democracy and wish to subtly impugn the name of the philosopher John Locke.John Locke's name hasn't been impugned nearly enough.
2876	Myrddin	2013-04-08	The Noseless and Handless Lannister brothers can't exist in HBO's version since Tyrion kept his. maybe tv Jaime will share a similar fate?I've been wondering this as well.Some shows can hide a missing hand, but even that gets distracting after a while (Walking Dead's Merle and even Once Upon a Time's Hook). Maybe they'll maim/mangle his hand so he can't hold a sword but let him keep the hand.
2877	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I am glad they've kept Vargo's lisp. "If the King in the North hearth I had the Kingthlayer and let him go he would take my head right off. I'd rather he taketh yourth". It's nto as strong as Vargo's, but it's still great.
2878	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Steelshanks has already been cast for this season; Locke is a lock for absorbing Vargo's archttp://www.westeros....nks_Walton_CastGood, too good of a name not to have him part of the show,
2879	SerMudz	2013-04-08	The most effective explanation for Locke cutting off Jaime's hand is if he launches another escape attempt (with a sword) which results in Locke losing a few men...so then Locke takes his sword-hand away so that he can't pose a threat anymore. This I think would serve to explain why a Bolton bannerman would maim a high-value prisoner like the Kingslayer wihout the say-so of his superiors.
***BOOK SPILERS***
That being said...I dont see how they could show Jaime Lannister taking out several men on his own  after the pitiful display against Brienne in the last episode...they screwed that fight up so bad it was painful to watch - I know they were trying to show how rusty he'd become while in captivity but his fighting in that scene was TERRIBLE. In the books he literally hands her ass to her until he starts getting tired. Brienne describes it as the fight of her life..I dont see TV Brienne thinking the same thing.
2880	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-08	As one can tell my name, I was really hoping for Vargo Hoat this season.  When I first read the books, I really liked the character.  As of right now I don't really know if I will like the new guy.  Depends on how much "Vargo" he has in him.
2881	freetickles	2013-04-08	I don't see Jaime's hand being cut off as part of some sort of escape. The problem is that since Locke is Roose's man and Roose specifically sent Locke to find Jaime, Locke would have specific instructions not to harm him if Roose was at all thinking about handing Jaime back to Tywin as part of his new alliance. So, the possibilities are:
1. Roose hasn't yet decided to jump on the Lannister bandwagon. He wants Jaime because the North wants revenge for Ned and for Karstark's sons. So, he doesn't care if Jaime comes back minus a hand.
2. Locke knows, or suspects, that Roose is going to give Jaime back to Tywin and form an alliance, but for some reason doesn't want that to happen. Perhaps he has some history with Tywin or the Lannisters generally and doesn't think he'd be accepted. Or, he doesn't understand all Roose is planning with the RW, etc. and thinks he's better off staying tied to Robb and the other Northmen.
#1 would be a bit cleaner on this plot point, but I suspect it will be some form of #2, which is pretty similar to what happens with Hoat in the book.
2882	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-08	I don't see Jaime's hand being cut off as part of some sort of escape. The problem is that since Locke is Roose's man and Roose specifically sent Locke to find Jaime, Locke would have specific instructions not to harm him if Roose was at all thinking about handing Jaime back to Tywin as part of his new alliance. So, the possibilities are:1. Roose hasn't yet decided to jump on the Lannister bandwagon. He wants Jaime because the North wants revenge for Ned and for Karstark's sons. So, he doesn't care if Jaime comes back minus a hand.2. Locke knows, or suspects, that Roose is going to give Jaime back to Tywin and form an alliance, but for some reason doesn't want that to happen. Perhaps he has some history with Tywin or the Lannisters generally and doesn't think he'd be accepted. Or, he doesn't understand all Roose is planning with the RW, etc. and thinks he's better off staying tied to Robb and the other Northmen.#1 would be a bit cleaner on this plot point, but I suspect it will be some form of #2, which is pretty similar to what happens with Hoat in the book.I think a variation #2 would be OK. Locke knowing about Roose's plans would be good and having a hatred for the Lannisters would be ammunition for the hand chopping, despite his loyalty to Roose.
2883	The_Gallows_Knight	2013-04-08	I don't mind that they replace Vargo Hoat with Locke and makes him a Bolton solider and I understand why they do it.
However I am going to miss Shagwell and the rest of the pshycos that makes up the Brave Companions. Oh, and all of Hoat's hilarious dialouge as well.
2884	SerMixalot	2013-04-08	I think a variation #2 would be OK. Locke knowing about Roose's plans would be good and having a hatred for the Lannisters would be ammunition for the hand chopping, despite his loyalty to Roose.The problem is that they have already established what Locke thinks about disregarding one of Bolton's orders.  Why would he suddenly change it vis a vis Jamie's hand?  We already knows he is serious about not losing his head, it was like the 2nd thing he said.  Why would he about face on not returning a broken Jamie?
2885	shiola	2013-04-08	The most effective explanation for Locke cutting off Jaime's hand is if he launches another escape attempt (with a sword) which results in Locke losing a few men...so then Locke takes his sword-hand away so that he can't pose a threat anymore. This I think would serve to explain why a Bolton bannerman would maim a high-value prisoner like the Kingslayer wihout the say-so of his superiors.***BOOK SPILERS***That being said...I dont see how they could show Jaime Lannister taking out several men on his own  after the pitiful display against Brienne in the last episode...they screwed that fight up so bad it was painful to watch - I know they were trying to show how rusty he'd become while in captivity but his fighting in that scene was TERRIBLE. In the books he literally hands her ass to her until he starts getting tired. Brienne describes it as the fight of her life..I dont see TV Brienne thinking the same thing.Thank you for noting book spoilers after you'd already mentioned chopping of the hand.
2886	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	^You know the thread title does says Book Spoilers?
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 08 April 2013 - 07:02 PM.
2887	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	Vargo Hoat did it because he was wary of Bolton's coming betrayal, something they probably couldn't show without ruining the surprise / didn't have a sufficient build-up to. What I see happening now is that Jaime will wage another escape attempt, possibly kill a few men in the process, and Locke will cut off his hand then.
2888	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-08	Another thing I should mention is that Locke already exists in the books. He's called Steelshanks Walton.It's not about being a kinslayer, its the way they went about it the whole scene-why is a nobleman's son on guard duty by himself-why does that moron enter the cage when he saw one prisoner kill another-does Jamie really expect to escape when surrounded by thousands of northern soldiers.-And yes, I did find it out of character for Jamie to kill -not only one of his kin- but someone who hero worshipped him a minute ago, for basically no reason. He could just have told Alton to pretend dead instead.- Perhaps the son of a noble man was on guard duty because the prisoner is the Kingslayer? Just a thought.- I believe Lord Karstark mentions that another of his sons was killed in a battle against the Lannister forces, so perhaps the "moron" enters the cage after seeing what Jaime has done because he wants to give out a beating to this captive who he clearly underestimates. - I think it's pretty clear that, survive or not, Jaime is done being a complacent captive. Through dialogue he has mentioned several times in the show that he would prefer death to being shamed crippled, so his entire escape attempt felt vaguely suicidal, though I'm sure Jaime would prefer to escape with his life (as any same person likely would). - I think this played into the mind set of either escaping or being killed. A Kingslayer and a kinslayer - how could they possibly allow him to live after what he'd done? Which is exactly why Catelyn let's him go, seeing as Littlefinger came to her with the deal Tyrion proposed (Jaime for Sansa & Arya, though as we know, Arya isn't really a part of the deal), and she had every right to believe that Jaime wouldn't last another night in the camp without Robb there. All of this taken from the show itself; all of it requiring little more than a bit of empathy and common sense. I don't see how and why some changes are so confusing to people. It's as if they aren't capable of reconciling with they already know from the books with how things can occur on the show, and of the two don't match up then it often "makes no sense at all". Not specifically referring to you, OP whom I quoted above, just speaking more generally.
2889	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-08	I don't think it'll be Jaime trying to escape that'll result in him being unhanded. It'll be him stopping Brienne from being raped.
As far as Locke's motivations (re: cutting off the hand) he's familiar with his lords proclivities, so while 'Locke' may be worried about losing his head if he lets the Kingslayer go. I don't think he's afraid of losing his head for maiming him. Because Roose doesn't give a shit about exchanging Jaimie for Sansa.
Remember, at this point there is no inclination of Bolton wanting to align himself with the Lannisters so the reason he is after him is, as he stated to Karstark, to deliver the Kingslayer their brand of justice. Which includes maiming anyway. So why would Locke be worried about Roose being pissed at the process being started early?
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 08 April 2013 - 08:01 PM.
2890	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	I don't think it'll be Jaime trying to escape that'll result in him being unhanded. It'll be him stopping Brienne from being raped.As far as Locke's motivations, he's familiar with his lords proclivities, so while 'Locke' may be worried about losing his head if he lets the Kingslayer go. I don't think he's afraid of losing his head for maiming him. Because Roose doesn't give a shit about exchanging Jaimie for Sansa.Remember, at this point there is no inclination of Bolton wanting to align himself with the Lannisters so the reason he is after him is, as he stated to Karstark, to deliver the Kingslayer their brand of justice. Which includes maiming anyway. So why would Locke be worried about the process being started early?Well the problem isnt just Lockes motivation for maiming Jamie, its also why Tywin would want to align himself with the family responsible for the crippling of his son. Remember that Locke even carried the Bolton Banners, so he is obviously more than some sellsword/hunter who Roose hired for this specific mission. To quote Tywin "when soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander". He would definitely blame roose for Jamies loss. anything else would be out of character.
2891	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-08	Well the problem isnt just Lockes motivation for maiming Jamie, its also why Tywin would want to align himself with the family responsible for the crippling of his son. Remember that Locke even carried the Bolton Banners, so he is obviously more than some sellsword/hunter who Roose hired for this specific mission. To quote Tywin "when soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander". He would definitely blame roose for Jamies loss. anything else would be out of character.Its not out of character. He will "forgive" house Bolton because they will bend the knee to him. If you want to use book quotes to see this is in character "When men go to their knees however, you must help them back to thier feet. Or else no one will ever bend the knee to you again"Making a deal with House Bolten will win him control of the North and get him back his son. Roose will have made a deal with Jamie to speak on his behalf as in the books.He won't even have to worry about the slight of their name. Because the person who put their hands on Jamie (Locke) will get his public comeuppance via the Mountain (assuming that still happens) to show you don't fuck with the Lannisters.It will make all the sense in the world to align with house Bolton.
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 08 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
2892	cybobbie	2013-04-08	I really don't have a problem with the replacement of Vargo for Locke since it's clear for me that the show is an adaptation from the books and I get the reasons that they have to not include characters and sometimes merge them, it's how it will happen on all seasons as we've seem, so I'm over it now. I just wonder as all of you how the hand event will happens.I don't think it'll be Jaime trying to escape that'll result in him being unhanded. It'll be him stopping Brienne from being raped.As far as Locke's motivations (re: cutting off the hand) he's familiar with his lords proclivities, so while 'Locke' may be worried about losing his head if he lets the Kingslayer go. I don't think he's afraid of losing his head for maiming him. Because Roose doesn't give a shit about exchanging Jaimie for Sansa.Remember, at this point there is no inclination of Bolton wanting to align himself with the Lannisters so the reason he is after him is, as he stated to Karstark, to deliver the Kingslayer their brand of justice. Which includes maiming anyway. So why would Locke be worried about Roose being pissed at the process being started early?I agree, I mean so far there's nothing that indicates on the show that Bolton is aligned with the Lanisters,
2893	zaphodbrx	2013-04-08	So far Locke doesn't seem to be a maniac or psycopath, more like a loyal soldier of King Robb. This is very different from Hoat.
Unless 'give the man some silver' is actually code for 'slit his throat'..
2894	WTFSalami	2013-04-08	I don't really understand the dilemma. Couldn't Locke just be portrayed as a loose cannon type cavalier soldier who chops Jaime's hand off because he feels like it? 
And then have Roose decide to jump ship after Robb beheads Karstark?
2895	Winterfell is Burning	2013-04-08	What makes Vargo Hoat being the one that cuts Jaime's hand work is that he's a bloodthirsty mercenary brought to Westeros by Tywin Lannister himself, and it shows that "almighty" Tywin can't control the consequences of his actions and stop the brutality he promoted to hurt the ones he cares about.
So, I don't like this change, although it's not the end of the world.
2896	ahighbornlady	2013-04-08	I think Jaime will get his hand cut off for somehow interfering and keeping Brienne from being raped. Whether it's sapphires like in the book or something else, he will likely find himself unable to keep his mouth shut when they go after her.
He'll succeed in saving her innocence, but lose his hand. Might be poetic.
If he loses his sword hand protecting her virtue, it would probably one of the only truly noble things he's ever done. Brienne will feel responsible and take care of him.
					
					
							Edited by ahighbornlady, 09 April 2013 - 12:07 AM.
2897	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-09	What makes Vargo Hoat being the one that cuts Jaime's hand work is that he's a bloodthirsty mercenary brought to Westeros by Tywin Lannister himself, and it shows that "almighty" Tywin can't control the consequences of his actions and stop the brutality he promoted to hurt the ones he cares about.So, I don't like this change, although it's not the end of the world.Was Vargo actually brought to Westeros by Tywin? I just figured he was already established in Westeros and Tywin hired his mercenary group.
2898	Currawong	2013-04-09	I don't really understand the dilemma. Couldn't Locke just be portrayed as a loose cannon type cavalier soldier who chops Jaime's hand off because he feels like it?And then have Roose decide to jump ship after Robb beheads Karstark?Exactly.  If Lord Tywin can have loose cannons such as Gregor Clegane (smashing Elia and her children), why can't Roose Bolton have exactly the same problem?   Don't forget that Book Roose knows nothing about Hoat chopping off Jaime's hand until Hoat brings Jaime and Brienne back to Harrenhal, and their journey lasts nearly a week.   Hoat in turn doesn't know of the Roose/Tywin plot, so he has no idea that returning a maimed Kinglsayer is going to cause problems.   When he finds out what has been done, Roose worries about Tywin's reaction because in the meantime, he has jumped ship.  So we get that 'delicate' dinner table conversation where Jaime assures Roose that if he is returned safely to KL, he will tell his father whatever story Roose wants.  I can't see why that basic scenario shouldn't play out just as well with a loose cannon Locke instead of Hoat.   Simplifying the story this way is probably one of the easiest and most sensible alterations from book to screen.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 09 April 2013 - 02:31 AM.
2899	SerBearroll	2013-04-09	We really don't know how Jaime gets maimed. It's possible that he will try to escape/save Brienne and Locke just heavily wounds him during that event, with no Maester around to deal with the wound it gets worse and by the time Jaime gets to Harrenhal it's so bad Quyburn has to remove the entire hand. 
Although I think Locke will just cut the entire hand off for some reason like Vargo.
2900	SeventySeven	2013-04-09	I think Jaime will get his hand cut off for somehow interfering and keeping Brienne from being raped. Whether it's sapphires like in the book or something else, he will likely find himself unable to keep his mouth shut when they go after her.He'll succeed in saving her innocence, but lose his hand. Might be poetic.If he loses his sword hand protecting her virtue, it would probably one of the only truly noble things he's ever done. Brienne will feel responsible and take care of him.I too think it's going to go down this way. On the show we don't have the privilege to read Jaime's thoughts, so they need something more direct to show us he's not all bad, because up to now he has mostly been a murderous ass, albeit a very funny one. Showing him losing his hand while protecting Brienne would change opinions very quickly. I just hope he doesn't blame her.
2901	Dragonstoned	2013-04-09	They should havwe just made him Steelshanks Walton, soooooooooooo much better of a name that Locke.Steelshanks has been cast already (check imdb).They need one Bolton soldier to take the hand off and a different one to take Jaime to KL so Tywin doesn't blame Roose.
2902	Queen of Whores	2013-04-09	Maybe, and I'm not saying this is what I want, but maybe it's not Locke who cuts off Jaime's hand but one of his more loose-cannon and crazy soldiers. Locke might get pissed off and kill the guy, or think it's not important, but realize the full consequence when they get back to Harrenhal. This would keep in character with Locke's somewhat more calm and less blood-thirsty demeanor than Vargo's. 
It probably won't happen like this, as having Locke do it will make him have more significance, but just a thought. We know D&D aren't opposed to changing up how certain events happen.
2903	darrylzero	2013-04-09	I think they can make this work easily enough -- via either Locke or a henchman of his being especially cruel and/or a loose cannon -- but I don't think they'll be able to make the motivation nearly as interesting as what goes down in the book.  Too bad, but that's the nature of the beast I think.  And it's just one of the things show fans will have the chance to reflect on if they ever read the books.That's what I try to tell myself anyway.  I would be much happier if they could develop a reason why Locke and Roose have different interests in the matter, though.  We'll just have to see how it goes.  I love the casting, though, great screen presence with almost no time to establish it.  I did kind of wish Locke or his men had killed the informer, but I can see why they might not want to go down that road.
2904	freetickles	2013-04-09	I agree, I mean so far there's nothing that indicates on the show that Bolton is aligned with the Lannisters,Of course there hasn't been anything on the show to indicate Bolton is aligned with the Lannisters - that would spoil the RW. Roose isn't just returning Jaime in hopes that Tywin will go easy on him as a reward; as we know, Jaime won't get to King's Landing until well after the RW. The plans for the RW are more than likely already in motion, and Roose's motivation to keep Jaime in one piece is as Tywin's new ally, not just his hopeful new ally.
2905	KingInTheNorth32	2013-04-09	I don't mind that they replace Vargo Hoat with Locke and makes him a Bolton solider and I understand why they do it.However I am going to miss Shagwell and the rest of the pshycos that makes up the Brave Companions. Oh, and all of Hoat's hilarious dialouge as well.I agree with this. the brave companions pop up later in the books in some pretty memorable and awesome scenes. Brienne killing shagwell timeon and pyg in AFFC was awesome. Also theres the epic scene with her being attacked by biter and co later on. These scenes arent awesome just cause brienne is being bad ass, they are awesome cause she has history with these bloody mummers and they make you say "fuck yea!" when they happen. Stuff like this will be missing from the show now sadly, which is a shame. Sure you can have these bolton men be the ones who fight brienne later on, but its just not gonna be the same. oh well i guess.What would be very disappointing is if jaime loses his hand in a sword fight with locke. NO. he has to get it cut off while being defenseless. it doesnt really work the other way if u ask me.
					
					
							Edited by KingInTheNorth32, 09 April 2013 - 05:12 PM.
2906	ahighbornlady	2013-04-10	I too think it's going to go down this way. On the show we don't have the privilege to read Jaime's thoughts, so they need something more direct to show us he's not all bad, because up to now he has mostly been a murderous ass, albeit a very funny one. Showing him losing his hand while protecting Brienne would change opinions very quickly. I just hope he doesn't blame her.Yes! He does blame her in the books as well, though. When he worries about her getting raped after leaving her at Harrenhal, he's like "Why do I even care? I'd still have my sword hand if it wasn't for her" or something, and him telling her "No wonder Renly's dead with you protecting him" or whatever, but then he immediately feels bad about it and apologizes. His feelings will probably be conflicted. I can't wait to see how it all plays out!
					
					
							Edited by ahighbornlady, 10 April 2013 - 10:54 AM.
2907	juanml82	2013-04-10	The simplest way is to have Lord Karstark, instead of Locke, cut his hand and thus, Robb has to execute him to prevent Sansa being maimed.
Lord Karstark, however, seems to be going to Riverrun. If Locke takes Jaime to Riverrun instead of Harrenhal, though, that's easily arranged. It would explain Robb's line about 'I could have your head in a spike' or something like that, while still allowing the Lannister-Bolton alliance.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 10 April 2013 - 11:46 AM.
2908	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	The simplest way is to have Lord Karstark, instead of Locke, cut his hand and thus, Robb has to execute him to prevent Sansa being maimed.Lord Karstark, however, seems to be going to Riverrun. If Locke takes Jaime to Riverrun instead of Harrenhal, though, that's easily arranged. It would explain Robb's line about 'I could have your head in a spike' or something like that, while still allowing the Lannister-Bolton alliance.Yeah I was wondering who Robb was saying that to. I think what's going to happen is Karstark continues to talk smack about Talisa and maybe he openly threatens her or puts hands on her causing Robb to go chop chop.With Locke, the easiest way to do this is to have Jaime steal a sword and kill one or two of his men forcing him to take the hand. I imagine this would happen when Brienne is about to be raped/killed by Locke's men.
2909	Silverx2	2013-04-10	-And yes, I did find it out of character for Jamie to kill -not only one of his kin- but someone who hero worshipped him a minute ago, for basically no reason. He could just have told Alton to pretend dead instead.Go back to season 1, episode 1. listen to what he says to Cersei Jamie cares about 2 things. Himself and cersei. everyone else is expendable
2910	FacelessSnow	2013-04-10	With Locke, the easiest way to do this is to have Jaime steal a sword and kill one or two of his men forcing him to take the hand. I imagine this would happen when Brienne is about to be raped/killed by Locke's men.Locke could just take it off out off spite, we really don't know enough about his character.  I could see him being just a spiteful person and have no idea Bolton is going to side with the Lannisters.  As for Tywin's anger, wasn't he kind of relieved (yet obviously still furious) about Jaime's hand because then he could resign from the KG and take his place at Casterly Rock?  Could give his's character premise to forgive Bolton especially after RW and him bending the knee.
2911	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	Go back to season 1, episode 1. listen to what he says to CerseiJamie cares about 2 things. Himself and cersei. everyone else is expendableI would put it this way: Jamie only loves two things, Cerscei and his Sword, everything else is unimportant to him.His image and reputation as a skilled knight is something he cares about very much.
2912	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	Locke could just take it off out off spite, we really don't know enough about his character.  I could see him being just a spiteful person and have no idea Bolton is going to side with the Lannisters.  As for Tywin's anger, wasn't he kind of relieved (yet obviously still furious) about Jaime's hand because then he could resign from the KG and take his place at Casterly Rock?  Could give his's character premise to forgive Bolton especially after RW and him bending the knee.Remember that this is a man who went to war against the Riverlands simply because their Lords daughter had taken his son Prisoner, despite the fact that he wouldnt mind the death of Tyrion. The most important thing to Tywin is the status of house Lannister."if another house can mutilate one of our own, with impunity, we are no longer a house to be feared"Tywin would never let a lesser house like Bolton get away with cutting off the hand of his oldest son. Its a slight too big to be ignored, and he knows that it will affect how other houses think of House Lannister if he doesnt retaliate.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 10 April 2013 - 12:57 PM.
2913	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Remember that this is a man who went to war against the Riverlands simply because their Lords daughter had taken his son Prisoner, despite the fact that he wouldnt mind the death of Tyrion. The most important thing to Tywin is the status of house Lannister."if another house can mutilate one of our own, with impunity, we are no longer a house to be feared"Tywin would never let a lesser house like Bolton get away with cutting off the hand of his oldest son. Its a slight too big to be ignored, and he knows that it will affect how other houses think of them if he doesnt retaliate.Maybe Roose will flay Locke and send his skin to Tywin as a gesture of good faith?
2914	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	Maybe Roose will flay Locke and send his skin to Tywin as a gesture of good faith?He would no doubt have to do something like that to make up for it. If Tywin simply lets it go in the show without any gesture from the boltons that activley distances them from what locke did, it will be too much character assasination for me to continue watching the show.
2915	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	i think the most clever resolution would be if Roose sent Locke as a prisoner along with Jamie and Qyburn on their way to Kings Landing, to allow the Lannisters to execute their Revenge themselves. Locke could then be given to Qyburn as a subject for his experiments, to introduce the TV-Audience to his dark side.
2916	freetickles	2013-04-10	I would put it this way: Jamie only loves two things, Cerscei and his Sword, everything else is unimportant to him.His image and reputation as a skilled knight is something he cares about very much.He cares about Tyrion, too.
2917	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	I would put it this way: Jamie only loves two things, Cerscei and his Sword, everything else is unimportant to him.His image and reputation as a skilled knight is something he cares about very much.I really don't think he cares about his reputation otherwise he would've told more people about the wildfire plot. He'd still be the scumbag kingslayer in the eyes of the realm, but with a bit less vinegar when they say it.And I still wouldn't put it past show or book Jaime to kill a prisoner cousin who hero-worshiped him if it came to his benefit. especially before meeting brienne. he didn't really remember this show lannister cousin.
2918	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-10	Though it's not a super huge deal, I think it does detract a little that the man who cuts off Jaime's hand was not Vargo (or someone like him). 
From ASOS: Jaime: "Had I hand, I'd write it out for you. How I was maimed by the sellsword my own father brought to Westeros, and saved by the noble Lord Bolton."
Then when Tywin sees Jaime for the first time, he reacts by saying "Who did this? If Lady Catelyn thinks..."
But Jaime says, "This was your goat's work..." and Tywin backs off.
I'm not sure how Roose avoids the blame if his bannerman maims Jaime.
2919	Oakenfist	2013-04-10	It works as long as Locke does it before he arrives at Harrenhall.
By the way, as others have said what happens to Locke? In the books Vargo is left "Lord of Harrenhall" but the castle is quickly taken back by The Mountain and he dies a very painful death having his limbs cut off one by one.
So, I could see the writers playing up the sadistic nature of Roose having him come back and flaying Locke for being disobedient.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 10 April 2013 - 05:43 PM.
2920	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-10	Exactly.  If Lord Tywin can have loose cannons such as Gregor Clegane (smashing Elia and her children), why can't Roose Bolton have exactly the same problem?   Don't forget that Book Roose knows nothing about Hoat chopping off Jaime's hand until Hoat brings Jaime and Brienne back to Harrenhal, and their journey lasts nearly a week.   Hoat in turn doesn't know of the Roose/Tywin plot, so he has no idea that returning a maimed Kinglsayer is going to cause problems.   When he finds out what has been done, Roose worries about Tywin's reaction because in the meantime, he has jumped ship.  So we get that 'delicate' dinner table conversation where Jaime assures Roose that if he is returned safely to KL, he will tell his father whatever story Roose wants.  I can't see why that basic scenario shouldn't play out just as well with a loose cannon Locke instead of Hoat.   Simplifying the story this way is probably one of the easiest and most sensible alterations from book to screen.I thought Hoat had Jaime's hand sliced off to create tension between Tywin and Roose, because he suspected that Roose was planning to defect?
2921	The Roose is Loose	2013-04-10	Aren't they going to have the bear fight scene with Brienne?  Maybe Jaime loses his hand fighting the bear - then Bolton and Locke are off the hook with Tywin.
2922	Currawong	2013-04-11	Aren't they going to have the bear fight scene with Brienne?  Maybe Jaime loses his hand fighting the bear - then Bolton and Locke are off the hook with Tywin.Suggest you look at the trailers so far, and you will see:  1.  Jaime screaming in agony (probably end of Ep 3) where he loses his hand.  2.  A later trailer with a glimpse of the Harrenhal bath scene   3.  Glimpses of bearpit scene where Jaime has already lost his hand.  In short, they are going to follow the essential elements of the books in terms of the Jaime/Brienne story arc this season.
2923	Alys Karstark	2013-04-12	3.  Glimpses of bearpit scene where Jaime has already lost his hand.I haven't seen the trailers yet, but is it already confirmed there that Jaime is missing one hand? Before reading this post, my theory about Locke replacing Vargo Hoat is that Jaime's sword hand would be flayed instead of being cut. It is within character for a Bolton to do and I think it would be easier to show a flayed hand than a missing hand in a TV show.
2924	Khal Pono	2013-04-13	^Cool signature.  Fooled me for a minute!!!
2925	I do not sew	2013-04-13	Though it's not a super huge deal, I think it does detract a little that the man who cuts off Jaime's hand was not Vargo (or someone like him). From ASOS: Jaime: "Had I hand, I'd write it out for you. How I was maimed by the sellsword my own father brought to Westeros, and saved by the noble Lord Bolton."Then when Tywin sees Jaime for the first time, he reacts by saying "Who did this? If Lady Catelyn thinks..."But Jaime says, "This was your goat's work..." and Tywin backs off.I'm not sure how Roose avoids the blame if his bannerman maims Jaime.Roose will definitely kill Locke, probably via bearpit OR (how bout this) flaying him and THEN bear pit!ETA: Then how does Brienne find her way into the pit if Locke is already dead? Eh...
					
					
							Edited by I do not sew, 13 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
2926	The Flaying Man	2013-04-13	I haven't seen the trailers yet, but is it already confirmed there that Jaime is missing one hand? Before reading this post, my theory about Locke replacing Vargo Hoat is that Jaime's sword hand would be flayed instead of being cut. It is within character for a Bolton to do and I think it would be easier to show a flayed hand than a missing hand in a TV show.This, along with reports from various people who have seen screeners, confirms that Jaime loses the hand.
2927	Dove	2013-04-13	Hopefully they keep Jaime being forced to wear his rotting hand around his neck. It's unpleasant as hell and intensely jacked up, and really showed the Brave Companion's warped sense of humor, along with their "re-enactment" of the Bear and Maiden Fair later.
Jaime jumping into the pit with Brienne even though he knew he didn't have a chance in hell without his hand was a fantastic moment, I'm pretty sure they'll keep it in. Changing Locke to a Bolton man is a little odd considering how events go down, but if they show Roose having a negative reaction to his treatment of Jaime and punishing him it'll probably be understandable that Roose still gets a pardon.
2928	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-13	I like the suggestion of Karstark hacking Jaime's hand off which gives Robb reason to be-head him.
Trouble is, Karstark is going to Riverrun with Robb and Roose is hanging back at Harrenhal.
I cant see Locke going to Karstark instead of his master (Bolton)
2929	The Fourth Head	2013-04-13	I think the Locke thing works even better than Vargo Hoat. His motives were extremely complicated in the book, I still struggle to grasp it.Just have Locke as a loose cannon/sadist/patriotic northmen who loses his rag with Jamie's sharp tongue, deceptions and attempted escape. It would have a good parallel with Theon's "escape" and punishment at another Bolton's hand.Later, Jamie could use the fact that a Bolton bannerman cut his hand off as direct bargaining leverage to trigger Roose's decision to;1) release him and2) switch sides in an attempt to save themselves from Tywin's wrath.So the hand removal could be yet another catalyst for the the RW. Roose is trying to save his ass from Tywin. Dumbed down, true, but its an extra, crystal clear reason for why the Bolton's defect at this precise moment after 1,000 years of Stark loyalty.They wouldn't have to be explicit about it, just have Bolton saying he will release Jamie by way of apology and for Jamie to ask..."and after you release me, whats to stop me telling my father it was the Bolton's who cut off his son's hand? What is to stop my father rooting you out and removing your hands?..." eye contact is made between the two men. End scene. No explanation given. Eyebrows are raised.By the end of episode 9, we get out answer as to why Roose will keep his hands.
2930	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-13	Later, Jamie could use the fact that a Bolton bannerman cut his hand off as direct bargaining leverage to trigger Roose's decision to;1) release him and2) switch sides in an attempt to save themselves from Tywin's wrath.I don't think so. I think Roose will "offer" Locke to the Lannisters [the Mountain] and have the same brutal demise that his source character had. I think this would work better, firstly because Roose is the definition of a cold and calculating character, so I can't imagine him fearing Tywin in the same way everyone does; and secondly because it shows that Roose is ready to sacrifice just about anyone if it works to his own advantage (an idea which would make another later action of his make more sense to show watchers).
2931	The Fourth Head	2013-04-14	Thats a good extra detail MisunderstoodFrey- Roose sells Locke out to the Lannisters to do as they see fit, though I'm not sure when they would do this considering Jamie has to be released, then go back to save Brienne from the Bear. If Locke has been sold out already, who is tormenting Brienne with the Bear?
 I take your point that Roose wouldn't fear Tywin- he says so in the books, but selling Locke may not be enough to ensure Tywin recognises the Bolton's as the wardens of the north after rebelling against him and cutting off his sons' hand without doing "something more" to ensure future recognition. Having Jaimie plant the seed of betrayal by asking who will rule in the north once the Starks are defeated and then implying Tywin wouldn't recognise the Boltons after what they did to his hand...
2932	therustman	2013-04-14	I think Locke may survive - primarily it gives Bolton a recognised second when he gets to Winterfell.
2933	Currawong	2013-04-14	I think the Locke thing works even better than Vargo Hoat. His motives were extremely complicated in the book, I still struggle to grasp it.Just have Locke as a loose cannon/sadist/patriotic northmen who loses his rag with Jamie's sharp tongue, deceptions and attempted escape. It would have a good parallel with Theon's "escape" and punishment at another Bolton's hand.I agree with this, and the idea that Locke as a loose cannon bannerman of the Boltons works just as well as Hoat, but I definitely don't agree that the hand removal can in any way be related to the motives for the RW, or in Roose Bolton's decision to change sides.I don't see why things can't / won't basically follow the same overall process as book.  Locke removes Jaime's hand 'for some reason', and takes him back to his boss Roose Bolton at Harrenhal.  Locke thinks that maiming the dreaded Kingslayer will earn him gold stars and gratitude.    But what Locke doesn't know (just as in the book with Hoat) is that Roose is already plotting the RW with Tywin, so that when Roose discovers that his renegade bannerman has removed Jaime's hand, it creates a 'rather awkward' situation for Roose (to put it mildly!), in terms of how new ally Tywin is likely to react.  That was exactly what happened in the book at the dinner in the Roose/Jaime conversation: Jaime ends up assuring Roose that if Roose sends Jaime safely on to KL, he (Jaime) will make sure that Tywin knows that Roose had nothing to do with the amputation.   That whole scenario could work out perfectly well with Locke replacing Hoat, because all Bolton is worried about is that HE is not held responsible, and that Jaime 'sings the right song' to Tywin as per the book.What happens to Locke?  Again it can work out basically as in the book, with Bolton heading off to the RW and leaving Locke and his men at Harrenhal.  At some stage after the bearpit scene, when Jaime and Brienne are back in KL, Lannister forces re-take Harrenhal, with Locke dying and some of his men escaping.  of course, depending on what they want to do longer term in AFFC, they 'may' decide to have Locke escape (instead of Rorge and Biter) and meet up with Brienne on her travels, but that is a relatively minor matter.   Assuming they even get to show that aspect of Brienne's travels, it would make slightly more sense to have Locke reappear for one episode, rather than one of Locke's own soldiers.
2934	Ser Luke.	2013-04-14	I really don't see the point of this change at all. They could have cut off the lisp if that was stopping them, but why change Vargo's name to "Locke"? Just don't really see the point here.
2935	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-14	I really don't see the point of this change at all. They could have cut off the lisp if that was stopping them, but why change Vargo's name to "Locke"? Just don't really see the point here.By using Locke they can keep establishing House Bolton, who play a big part in coming events both for this season and future ones. If they use the Brave Companions they have to spend more time establish who they are, that they have belonged to Tywin earlier and they will basically lose all importance after the whole Jaime deal.
2936	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-14	Yes I like the line of thought leading towards winning the Karstarks to the Boltons side by chopping off the hand. Yet it will probably all be a setup on Locke to make the pact with the Lannisters. All this making Roose Warden of the North.
2937	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-14	Obviously one other big event would have to occur as well.
2938	NoBoldVillain	2013-04-11	Spoiler Does anyone else see Shae being set up to replace Dontos in Littlefingers plot to get Sansa out of KL?
It seems like Tyrion is a show favorite and the writers would have trouble having him do a thing like strangle Shae. Especially after setting her up to be a more loveable(Matter of opinion) character than she is in the books.
Just a thought...

Now tell me what I missed in the show that will completely shut down this theory.
2939	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	Nothing in the show... but
Shae has to die...  it is all about Tyrion's relationship with his father.  The fact that Tywin is a hypocrite and full of hot air with that proper behavior for Lannister stuff that he has been dishing on Tyrion his whole life....to me... is the tipping point whereby the bolt is let loose.  I don't think that tyrion really ever has any intent when he climbs back into the tower.
They already revealed that Littlefinger is behind the escape.  They can still use Dontos if they want or nobody.  Seems no other reason for introducing his character in Ep1 of season 2.  Dontos can show up and say....  c'mon littlefinger sent me it is time to go......I want to help you Sansa because you saved my life....   and then he gets killed just the same
2940	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-12	Spoiler Does anyone else see Shae being set up to replace Dontos in Littlefingers plot to get Sansa out of KL?It seems like Tyrion is a show favorite and the writers would have trouble having him do a thing like strangle Shae. Especially after setting her up to be a more loveable(Matter of opinion) character than she is in the books.Just a thought...
Now tell me what I missed in the show that will completely shut down this theory.Ros+Shae+Littlefinger=DontosThat's what you missed. Pretty obvious that none of them will stand alone and replace Dontos.I also think it's crazy how people are so sure that Tyrion will 
	Spoiler  kill his father and not a whore.
2941	Newstar	2013-04-12	I had thought that, since Shae is playing the "Dontos" role insofar as she's Sansa's trusted confidant in KL, but Sansa kept mum about the escape plan when Shae was prodding her for information about what Littlefinger had discussed with her in 3x02. Seems to point to Shae being left out of the escape plan loop.
...And really, given how protective TV Shae is of Sansa right now and how suspicious she is of Littlefinger's intentions towards Sansa, I can't ever see her cooperating to help place Sansa completely under Littlefinger's power.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 12 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
2942	scurvy	2013-04-12	I think Tywin saying that he'll hang the next whore he finds in Tyrion's bed a bit of a wink, wink to the readers because the opposite is essentially true.  At least the way I pictured how he strangles her with the chain.
For hands of gold are always cold
But a woman's hands are warm.
2943	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-12	Just checking -- if this thread is labelled "book spoilers", then why do threads about the aftermath of PW need to be in spoiler tags?
In any case, if they write Tyrion's scene with Shae out, or alter his actions, I will truly be pissed for the first time in the adaptation.  It's a critical turning point for his character because it adds an element of darkness that really wasn't there previously.
2944	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	Just checking -- if this thread is labelled "book spoilers", then why do threads about the aftermath of PW need to be in spoiler tags?In any case, if they write Tyrion's scene with Shae out, or alter his actions, I will truly be pissed for the first time in the adaptation.  It's a critical turning point for his character because it adds an element of darkness that really wasn't there previously.Agreed. His reaction to the betrayal is very important.
2945	I do not sew	2013-04-12	Tyrion has to kill Shae. It's pivotal for his character development. Monumental. Couldn't be any more necessary. Non negotiable. 
I'd say having Ros serve as a double agent sets her up in the Dontos role. I'm imagining her in the rowboat and the look on her face when LF gives the order and I love it.
Disclaimer: not a Ros hater.
2946	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-12	Yes, I'm sure that Ros will be on the boat, and the set-up of selling out LF is the tell that she'll get what Dontos got.
2947	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	Perhaps Shae helps Sansa escape, brings her to LF, is promptly killed and thus goes missing.
Tyrion takes this absence as his father's work, asks him where is Shae? Tywin answers wherever whores go, and thus Tyrion kills him.
But the events are way too spread out in the show. The PW won't even happen this season so it seems unlikely.
2948	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-13	I think Tywin saying that he'll hang the next whore he finds in Tyrion's bed a bit of a wink, wink to the readers because the opposite is essentially true.I think that's for non-readers to believe Shae is in danger because of Tywin.
2949	Holdfast	2013-04-13	I see Ros and not Shae as the one to play the Dontos part.  She's working for LF so it seem likely she will be the one to aid him with Sansa's escape.  Shae doesn't trust LF so I don't think she will help with Sansa plans.
I think Shae's fate will remain very much with the Tyrion and Tywin storyline and relationship.
2950	King Tyrion I	2013-04-13	I think that's for non-readers to believe Shae is in danger because of Tywin.Yes. It underlines the danger she's in since Tyrion's arrival in KL as Hand of the King.
2951	Ser Luke.	2013-04-14	I thought Ros would kind of take the place of Dontos, her story ending when Littlefinger has her killed after rescuing Sansa. 
I honestly don't see them finding a way to drag "The Life of Ros the Whore" any farther than that.
2952	Masamune	2013-04-14	Which begs the question what was the point of introducing Dontos in the first place? Gotta love the logic of this show.
And it's looking apparent that once Tyrion is betrothed to Sansa, Shae (with a case of the green-eyed gazungas) will betray them pair of them (handing Sansa to LF, and then sleep with Tywin). I seriously doubt Tyrion will murder her, however. They've bowdlerized just about everything involving Dinklage's character so far.
2953	Joyful Union	2013-04-14	Which begs the question what was the point of introducing Dontos in the first place? Gotta love the logic of this show.As if no other show has one-off characters /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2954	Newstar	2013-04-14	Which begs the question what was the point of introducing Dontos in the first place? Gotta love the logic of this show.It almost seems like the showrunners changed their minds about Dontos. We know that the actor for Dontos shot more scenes for Season 2 (he's actually in 2x04 in the throne room scene dressed in motley, but the scene was cut so that you only catch a glimpse of him), but that they were ultimately cut. At some point they must have decided Dontos was expendable at least at regards to the escape plot, but they still left in the scene with his introduction in 2x01, since there was other stuff in the scene in 2x01 I guess they decided they wanted to keep in (Joffrey's cruelty, Sansa's kindness, etc. etc.) If Littlefinger is interacting directly with Sansa without the benefit of a middleman, then there's really no need for Dontos.I seriously doubt Tyrion will murder her, however.We'll see. We're only at 3x02; Tyrion's murder of Shae is probably at least 15 episodes away.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 14 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
2955	Masamune	2013-04-14	As if no other show has one-off characters /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />But Dontos *isn't* a one-off character. So he's become just 'some guy' who served no purpose.It almost seems like the showrunners changed their minds about Dontos. We know that the actor for Dontos shot more scenes for Season 2, but that they were ultimately cut. At some point they must have decided Dontos was expendable, but they still left in the scene with his introduction in 2x01, leaving it as a once-off.A more likely explanation. Still, they gotta give the people what they want: Shae & Ros by the bucketload. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2956	shiola	2013-04-14	But Dontos *isn't* a one-off character. So he's become just 'some guy' who served no purpose.A more likely explanation. Still, they gotta give the people what they want: Shae & Ros by the bucketload. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Dontos is a one-off character in the show, not in the books.  He did serve a purpose; it was pointed out in the post above yours.Shae & Ros, though over used, do serve purpose.  People need to get over it.
2957	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-14	Littlefinger is about to leave KL though. It's pretty obvious that he fails to take Sansa with him.
After he leaves who gives Sansa the messages about leaving? Ros? If so the part of Dantos will be played by Ros. Especially if she's a double agent for the spider and LF finds out.
If Sansa asks Shae to help her escape then Shae is dead. LF "She was Tyrion's whore, she would've told someone how you escaped.."
Option 3. Sansa gets to the docks by herself and a random Kettleblack rows her to the ship.
2958	go joff go	2013-04-14	They could set up a Ros genuinely trying to save Sansa from LF, or she could be doing it with guidance from Varys.  That way LF killing her would actually make sense and still be a surprise.  They can even have Ros telling Sansa that she should stay away from LF.  I think Ros telling Shaw was more to have a reason for LF to leave.
2959	scurvy	2013-04-07	Isn't it necessary for it to be common knowledge that Bran and Rickon are presumed dead.  Not just missing.  But, dead. Otherwise Sansa is not the heir to Winterfell and her claim begins as questionable.  Why not say that the Bastard's men found Bran and Rickon's charred remains?  
It could have given Catelyn her scene that they took away from her.  Her best chapter in the books- replace Brienne with Talisa and have her miserable at their deaths.  She could even say that she feels her heart is turning to stone.
And, it would give Sansa much more value in KL to Twyin.
2960	Delmas	2013-04-08	They are presumed dead, everyone at Winterfell was slaughtered and winferfell is destroyed.
2961	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	Bran looks like he's 30 years old.
2962	freetickles	2013-04-08	Bran looks like he's 30 years old.More like 15, but still a big change.
2963	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	More like 15, but still a big change.His voice changed, too.
2964	DurararaFTW	2013-04-08	His voice changed, too.It's not AS deep and manly as Jojen Reed's though. (Never thought I'd write that sentence.)
2965	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.
2966	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I think Robb was just trying to spare his mother's (and possibly his own by being in denial) that the boys could have survived. I think later in the season when Robb and Cat talk about Robb's heir after the GW, he's going to tell her "arya, bran, and rickon are dead, accept it" just like in the books, but with the other boys now.I hated it. It was character assassination and it wasn't even in the books. Don't the writers know that they can't just write fake things in it looked really stupid and I don't know what the point of that scene was.Are you trolling? I've seen this exact wording on another thread.EDIT: yep, on three different threads. With the exception of characters they literally change (Talisa, but I'm not quite convinced she's not Jeyne,) I don't think there is such a thing as "character assassination."
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 08 April 2013 - 10:24 AM.
2967	Flayed Starkman	2013-04-08	I also was a bit disappointed that they don't state it outright, as it's done in the books. It works better that way, IMO.
PS: I was also mildly surprised by Bran's change of voice, but that's puberty for ya /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2968	shiola	2013-04-08	What happened to my little Bran muffin?? :c  They grow up so fast
2969	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	Has my mind been blown? Does Bran, as a raven, visit himself in his dreams to set him on the path towards Bloodraven? IS THAT WHAT HAPPENED?
Is it just me or did episode 2 seem to have a lot of implications for the remaining books.
2970	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	What happened to my little Bran muffin?? :c  They grow up so fastBran Muffin will soon be Bran Flakes. Lol. Next he'll be growing a little beard or moustache.
2971	shiola	2013-04-08	Bran Muffin will soon be Bran Flakes. Lol. Next he'll be growing a little beard or moustache.Now you're making it sound like they will chop him into little bits!
2972	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-08	With the kids growing up so fast how are they going to handle it in the show if it goes a full 7-8 seasons?  Bran's going to be drinking beer and shagging Osha on the back of the cart next season while poor Hodor pulls them along.  LOL  I really see problems though.  Rickon and Bran are growing crazy fast and so is Arya.
2973	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Now you're making it sound like they will chop him into little bits!No no my dear, he will soon be very very old. Bran flakes are for senior citizens silly!
2974	boojam	2013-04-08	Here's the thing.
Are Bran and Osha and Rickon gonna split from Bran sometime, it was logical in the books.
So Osha goes with Rickon.
George likes Natalia Tena (heck I like her too, the most exotic looking character in the show, er, human)....
So when the split? Then D and D have to make up a story for her and Rickon ... will they get that from GRRM?
Osha and Rickon as still alive by the end of ADwD.... 
Across two novels we have gotten only a micros worth of their story.
O lord, Winter is going to be several chapters longer!
2975	hollowcrown	2013-04-08	With the kids growing up so fast how are they going to handle it in the show if it goes a full 7-8 seasons?  Bran's going to be drinking beer and shagging Osha on the back of the cart next season while poor Hodor pulls them along.  LOL  I really see problems though.  Rickon and Bran are growing crazy fast and so is Arya.You often get 20-somethings playing 17 year olds in TV shows, it'll probably be fine.
2976	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	You often get 20-somethings playing 17 year olds in TV shows, it'll probably be fine.Like Joffrey, Jack Gleeson is 20 but he does look 16-17 to me. Especially when he was shirtless last night, that little stick /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2977	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-08	I would really like to see the show cover those unseen storylines we don't get in the book.  Osha/Rickon's travels being one of them.  What Theon went through being the other.
2978	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-08	I really liked what they did with Bran and his crow dream we got to see the Stark boys back together and the voice of The Ned if only for a few seconds. The premonition of Jojen was pretty good.
I'd seen that Isaac looked much older but fecking hell his voice is as deep as mine and he is 3 years younger. On the ageing thing remember that the kid playing Jojen is actually a 21/22 year old man so shouldn't be much problem with that
2979	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-08	I don't know that it is necessary, but I do wonder why they leave it hanging like that. However, everyone seems to assume that Arya is dead in the books even though there is no conclusive proof of it. Or at least they believe that until the false Arya arrives on the scene. Given the circumstances I think it would be logical for Cat and Robb to assume they are dead since Rickon is quite young and Bran is crippled.
2980	Sofokles	2013-04-12	It was funny to hear brans voice.
The boy is growing up
2981	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	With the kids growing up so fast how are they going to handle it in the show if it goes a full 7-8 seasons?  Bran's going to be drinking beer and shagging Osha on the back of the cart next season while poor Hodor pulls them along.  LOL  I really see problems though.  Rickon and Bran are growing crazy fast and so is Arya.Its no doubt part of the reason the TV characters are older than the book characters. I can't see it as being too much of a problem. I mean they have Emilia Clarke playing a 14-15 year old girl.
2982	MoAt	2013-04-13	Rickon and Osha are going to split this season, since we see Sam find the others in a scene in a trailer, with Osha and RIckon missing.I hope D&D write stuff for them for next season, since if we don't see Art Parkinson (Rickon) for two years, he'll likely be unrecognizable considering he is 12 this year, and will be 14 if he's missing for a season.I think it would be cool even if it's just dreaming of Bran and the others while they heading to wherever they're heading to. That way it would keep them both in the audience's minds, reinforce the Stark children's talents (those with living direwolves), and not give away anything George hasn't written yet.Just a thought.
2983	go joff go	2013-04-13	Unlike a lot of the other characters I think Osha and Rickon will be left off screen for years.  I have feeling that whatever is in store for Rickon in the book is suppose to be shocking and that he won't be recognizable anyway.
2984	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I think it's now quite obvious who "boy" is and what he's going to do. I didn't think it would happen so quickly though. Episode two.
or maybe they're throwing us a curve ball and Boy really is sent by Yara. I doubt it though.
2985	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-08	Ohhhh no.
"Boy" is going to get very, very, very heavy in the next couple of episodes. I think we are going to start seeing some of the acts that earn "Boy" his reputation.
"Boy" is going to do a reveal into Ramsay, much in the same way Reek does his reveal into Ramsay in the books I think.
Obviously not the same, but there will be a parallel.
2986	Blue eyes Crowlack	2013-04-08	I thought I was weird how he left the door to the dungeon open the way he did, seemed like he wasn't trying to conceal his actions at all.
2987	teemo	2013-04-08	yeah, that would be some curveball if he's just some dude sent by yara and they cut ramsay out of the show. lol.
2988	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	I think I saw Ramsay (Rheon) in the back there sweeping for a second.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 April 2013 - 07:30 AM.
2989	Reek Da Villain	2013-04-08	So Cleftjaw knocked Theon unconscious and then......?
2990	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-08	So Cleftjaw knocked Theon unconscious and then......?They've obviously moved the false promise to the Ironborn back. Robb told Bolton to promise the Ironborn freedom if they give up Theon, Ramsay obviously managed to pass that message to Cleftjaw, who decided to take the offer. As Osha, Bran and co. saw, the Ironborn were all killed, just like in Moat Cailin in the books (but not flayed, that would probably spoil the surprise to non-readers). It seems flaying is too costly for CGI (or too gruesome even for this show), and they are screwing screws into Theon instead. Good enough, I guess.
2991	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	No way is he telling the truth. Rheon couldn't tell ANYONE who interviewed him about what the real deal with this "Boy" character is.
There's no way he'd be that cryptic if he really was just a spy sent by Asha. Couple that with the continued, conspicuous name dropping of "Bolton's bastard" all the time, and yeah... no waaaayyy.
This is good though. This is the storyline I'm most excited to follow this time.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 08 April 2013 - 07:27 AM.
2992	Er Rn	2013-04-08	Yeah, he's obviously Ramsay. And I'm very excited, looks like they are gonna do a really good job with Theon's storyline again.
2993	mcbrigno	2013-04-08	So is everyone under the impression that the boy sent by Yara is actually Ramsay or that the one torturing/talking to Theon is Ramsay?
I'm confused as to which. Could be either in my mind depending how they decided to do this. But both could work. I was initially under the impression that Ramsay was the initial torturer since he seems to enjoy flaying and is the one (I think) kicking Theon in the trailer, thus I thought the "Yara spy" was just taking the place of the girl prisoner that Theon "escapes" with for Ramsay's hunt.
2994	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I'm pretty sure he's going to be revealed as Ramsay later in the season ... I know a lot of ppl picture Ramsay older, but wouldn't he be around the same age as Theon/Robb/Jon/etc? Also, Iwan Rheon is pretty famous and has been super secretive about his role in Game of Thrones ... and has even kiiinnnda let things slip w/ twitter actions, lol. I'm 100% sure that it's Ramsay.
2995	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	I think "Boy" is going to hunt Theon after he escapes. Remember in ADWD when Reek recalled his and Kyra's escape and Ramsay hunted them down.
2996	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-08	It seems flaying is too costly for CGI (or too gruesome even for this show), and they are screwing screws into Theon instead. Good enough, I guess.When he goes for Theon's finger I cringed thinking he would Flay it! I am seriously disturbed by flaying but I hope they do since it the Flayed man is being heavily added into this season so far.
2997	oprahnoodlemantra	2013-04-08	They're calling him Boy to save Bolton's reveal as a trader. I'm just afraid that when we finally find out who Boy really is people will go, "ya so?".
2998	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	I'm digging this storyline so far, can't wait for the hunt scene.
2999	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	When I saw he was sweeping and promised to help Theon, I instantly thought it was one of the games Ramsay plays. I think it's just the writer's way of putting the Kyra story line in without having to cast her only to have her not be part of the show after very little time. 
He's going to set Theon free and then hunt him. And I do think with all the secrecy it's a bit obvious now.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 08 April 2013 - 09:10 AM.
3000	Olympia	2013-04-08	I think "Boy" is going to hunt Theon after he escapes. Remember in ADWD when Reek recalled his and Kyra's escape and Ramsay hunted them down.That's exactly what I thought when the scene where "Boy" declares himself as sent by Theon's sister. We all know Ramsay loves to play games.
3001	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	I'm pretty sure he's going to be revealed as Ramsay later in the season ... I know a lot of ppl picture Ramsay older, but wouldn't he be around the same age as Theon/Robb/Jon/etc? Also, Iwan Rheon is pretty famous and has been super secretive about his role in Game of Thrones ... and has even kiiinnnda let things slip w/ twitter actions, lol. I'm 100% sure that it's Ramsay.Ramsay's pretty young in the books too (early to mid twenties, most likely). He's described as a "young man" by Bran in his first appearance.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 08 April 2013 - 09:12 AM.
3002	velki	2013-04-08	I like the storyline so far, personally. Obviously 'Boy' is who we all think, but I like the idea of him as a figure who continually(?) provides Theon with hope. A man without hope can hardly be broken further -- he's already given up, before long. A man with hope can horrifically suffer unendingly. Sounds right up Ramsay's alley, especially the idea of him spitting on that hope in the end.
-Edit -- plus he has a perfect position for himself to watch all of Theon's torture. Maybe not as hands-on as book-Ramsay would like, but still amazingly awful and voyeuristic once his true nature is revealed.
					
					
							Edited by velki, 08 April 2013 - 09:16 AM.
3003	freetickles	2013-04-08	I like the positioning as a kid sweeping/cleaning up instead of as a fellow prisoner, as it allows the whole "letting him escape" angle. If Theon had his wits about him he'd question why the torturers would let some stable boy who just showed up there hang out while they're torturing a valuable prisoner, but Theon is obviously not in the mindset to think of that.
As to flaying, they've definitely played up the Boltons' affinity for flaying too much, both through Roose's comments last season and the mentions of the flayed man sigil, to not have him get flayed, probably after he's recaptured. I don't think we'll see flaying on-screen, but will probably get a gruesome view of his fingers once they're flayed.
3004	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	I thought I was weird how he left the door to the dungeon open the way he did, seemed like he wasn't trying to conceal his actions at all.My interpretation was that was done purposely to drive home the symbolism of the X-shaped cross, which appears prominently in the Bolton heraldry on the show.  Perhaps to give casual viewers an idea of Theon's location without actually giving it away (since the torturer doesn't answer Theon when he asks where he is).I too can't wait to see where this story is headed in the coming weeks.  The hunt sequence has a lot of potential to be horrifically awesome.
3005	Logodnica	2013-04-08	The Wikipedia entry for Iwan Rheon confirms that he'll be Ramsay Snowhttp://en.m.wikipedi...Rheon#section_2
3006	KingWolf	2013-04-08	The Wikipedia entry for Iwan Rheon confirms that he'll be Ramsay Snowhttp://en.m.wikipedi...Rheon#section_2But thats wikipedia and anyone can edit it.Though it is pretty obviouse he is playing Ramsay.
3007	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	He's also an IRL troll!

					
					
							Edited by BananaSpice, 23 May 2014 - 10:33 AM.
3008	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	They've shown us murdered babies, decapitated people, charred corpses of children, removed nipples, etc... They HAVE to show us some flaying!
3009	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	They've shown us murdered babies, decapitated people, charred corpses of children, removed nipples, etc... They HAVE to show us some flaying!This is true ... I feel like we're probably all "worried" that the torture will be light, but it will probably be disgusting and awful and scar us for life /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
3010	Conchobar	2013-04-08	No way is he telling the truth. Rheon couldn't tell ANYONE who interviewed him about what the real deal with this "Boy" character is.There's no way he'd be that cryptic if he really was just a spy sent by Asha. Couple that with the continued, conspicuous name dropping of "Bolton's bastard" all the time, and yeah... no waaaayyy.This is good though. This is the storyline I'm most excited to follow this time.I don't want to spoil it for you, but you are right, he isn't telling the truth. We will find out in episode four. He is Ramsay. Also, I am almost certain they will show flaying.
3011	velki	2013-04-08	Goodness, you're that worried about them not showing flaying? They showed a man's nipple being carved off. At least flaying of a random body part doesn't infer any cutting off of nerve endings.
3012	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	He's been in the Dreadfort for less than a day. This isn't the tickler trying to get information in the quickest most painful way. Ramsey sees Theon almost as a piece of art in the books and takes his time to break and mold him into Reek.
3013	drstrangelove	2013-04-08	The guy who unscrews his foot at the end, who shows mercy to him is Ramsey.
3014	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	I have to cry foul at IMDB - Rheon's character is listed as Ramsay Snow.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3701064/
3015	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	IMDB is edited by many sources. Agents can fuck up sometimes.Ehee, I love this turn. His eyes are gorgeous and will be terrifying very soon. He'll look a more delicate than book Ramsay, but it might create a nice dissonance. He looks a bit like a smaller, craggier Cillian Murphy, who was a lot of peoples' fantasy casting. What makes me curious is timing-wise when we will know he is the Bastard vs. when we learn more about Roose's intentions. It might be some awesome tension for viewers. On top of all his other mistakes, Good Stupid King Robb's second in command sanctions astounding torture.Using this season to show Theon's descent into Reek will fix the fact we can't get directly into Theon's head later on. You can see quickly with Theon sobs for the Boy not to leave that he'll be clawing for any scrap of perceived kindness, even if it comes from the Bastard deciding to take one toe instead of two. As for flaying, has anyone seen the American Being Human? One of the vampires gets flayed and it looks wonderfully gruesome. Someone refers to him as a "meatsicle."
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 08 April 2013 - 06:30 PM.
3016	Ordos	2013-04-08	What I'm looking forward to is when he drops the role he's playing and completely changes his personality. Boy might speak like any normal person, but Ramsay is overly aggressive and makes threats now and then. "Do it now or I'll nail your tongue to the wall" or like his letter to Jon which was just blunt threats instead of (does not necessarily need to be diplomatic) choosing better wording to explain his demands and circumstances.
3017	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	No way is he telling the truth. Rheon couldn't tell ANYONE who interviewed him about what the real deal with this "Boy" character is.There's no way he'd be that cryptic if he really was just a spy sent by Asha. Couple that with the continued, conspicuous name dropping of "Bolton's bastard" all the time, and yeah... no waaaayyy.Not to mention that he LOOKS exactly like Ramsay if you pay attention to his scene.
3018	callmedodge	2013-04-08	Boy needs Theon to trust him first before he breaks him. It`s the whole point of the Ramsay - Reek relationship. Reek is supposed to be helplessly dependent on Ramsay, even to the point were he begs to be mutilated. It`s utterly horrendous.
But Ramsay needs to get inside Theon`s head first and slowly break him down. I wouldn`t be surprised if he doesn`t even reveal himself after the escape but waits some more, providing him with comfort after torture. 
It`ll be the most fascinating storyline the next few seasons for sure.
3019	Ordos	2013-04-09	Boy needs Theon to trust him first before he breaks him. It`s the whole point of the Ramsay - Reek relationship. Reek is supposed to be helplessly dependent on Ramsay, even to the point were he begs to be mutilated. It`s utterly horrendous.But Ramsay needs to get inside Theon`s head first and slowly break him down. I wouldn`t be surprised if he doesn`t even reveal himself after the escape but waits some more, providing him with comfort after torture.It`ll be the most fascinating storyline the next few seasons for sure.Are you suggesting that Ramsay will play this Boy character for several more episodes and maybe reveal who he is like past halfway through the season?Does Boys' voice sound creepy? "Your sister sent me. I'll come for you tonight when the castle sleeps"
					
					
							Edited by Ordos, 09 April 2013 - 04:10 AM.
3020	tito5601	2013-04-09	didnt picture ramsay snow that way at all but i can tell its gonna be one hell of a season for theon.. theon will put his whole trust in boy in order to escape his captors only to find out its all a game and boy will reveal himself to be ramsay the guy who captured him in the first place
3021	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	reek reek it rhymes with... it's only going to get worse every week
3022	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-09	Got to be him just fits, plus for show watchers it will be a huge twist when he turns from nice guy to twisted monster. not to say i wont enjoy watching that.
Also IMDB credits him as Ramsay Snow, but who knows if that is just a guess on there part.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3701064/
3023	tito5601	2013-04-09	My interpretation was that was done purposely to drive home the symbolism of the X-shaped cross, which appears prominently in the Bolton heraldry on the show.  Perhaps to give casual viewers an idea of Theon's location without actually giving it away (since the torturer doesn't answer Theon when he asks where he is).I too can't wait to see where this story is headed in the coming weeks.  The hunt sequence has a lot of potential to be horrifically awesome. yea if non book readers pay attention to detail they will see that theon is in a position very similar to the bolton sigil on all those banners, one of my friends hasnt read the books but he already connected theon to bolton and to locke also, he thinks that the man flaying theon is boltons bastard. and he doesnt see anything wrong with that
3024	callmedodge	2013-04-09	Are you suggesting that Ramsay will play this Boy character for several more episodes and maybe reveal who he is like past halfway through the season?Does Boys' voice sound creepy? "Your sister sent me. I'll come for you when the castle sleeps"That is exactly what I`m suggesting. Maybe even have Boy be "tortured" out of Theon`s line of sight so they can develop a bond that way too. Of course, how Boy would enjoy the hunt then without Theon noticing it`s him chasing him is beyond me. Most likely that`ll be his reveal then. I just think more time with Boy being "nice" would make the inevitable betrayal so much worse for Theon.I didn`t notice anything weird about his voice. Will have to watch it again though.
3025	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	I think "Boy" is going to hunt Theon after he escapes. Remember in ADWD when Reek recalled his and Kyra's escape and Ramsay hunted them down.It won't happen that quick, if you watch the preview for next week's episode you can see two men hunting Theon and it's the same dudes doing the torturing. "Boy" is going to play his sick game for a while longer it seems before revealing the truth and besides... it wouldn't make sense to reveal him as Bolton's Bastard quite yet.
3026	callmedodge	2013-04-09	It won't happen that quick, if you watch the preview for next week's episode you can see two men hunting Theon and it's the same dudes doing the torturing. "Boy" is going to play his sick game for a while longer it seems before revealing the truth and besides... it wouldn't make sense to reveal him as Bolton's Bastard quite yet.This makes me happy and is more in line with something Ramsay would do.
3027	victim	2013-04-09	It makes me happy too. Not to mention the fact that they need to spread all the Theon torturing across two seasons of show to show his complete descent and eventual depravity. Perhaps it'll be mostly mind games this season, and flaying next year after it is revealed who Boy actually is.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 09 April 2013 - 01:17 AM.
3028	Nezzer	2013-04-09	From what I heard about Theon's arc in WiC.net...
	Spoiler Ramsay betrays Theon in the first four episodes of the season, which is fairly early. I don't know if it'll be in episode 3 or 4, but I believe it'll be in episode 3. They say Theon is caught by four Bolton men and is nearly raped, but then Ramsay kills them all with a bow and saves him. Later (I don't know if it's in the same episode), when the two of them are riding together, Theon tells "Boy" all about Winterfell, about the Starks being alive and all, and Ramsay looks very interested in the Starks. Ramsay is leading the way and leads Theon through a tunnel, saying that it's a shortcut or something like that, but, for Theon's disappointment, the tunnel ends on the torture room we saw last episode. Ramsay then blames Theon for the deaths of the four Bolton men. He doesn't reveal his identity, though.
I think Ramsay will order a hunt after the Stark kids. That might make Bran's journey much more entertaining. I bet that'll be the reason Bran and Rickon are going to split up later.

					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 09 April 2013 - 01:19 AM.
3029	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	yea its obviously Ramsay, i just want to see how Simon from misfits plays Ramsay though, he seemed kind of shy in his brief scene with Theon, however that's just got to be Ramsay playing with theon's head
3030	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-09	I'm sure it's been said before, but didn't T'Bastard of Bolton* only brutalise Our Theon in the fifth book? Getting ahead of ourselves?
*The biggest arsehole, but the funniest character name.
3031	victim	2013-04-09	I'm sure it's been said before, but didn't T'Bastard of Bolton* only brutalise Our Theon in the fifth book? Getting ahead of ourselves?*The biggest arsehole, but the funniest character name.It was recounted by Theon in the 5th book, yeah, but at that stage all the brutalities had been carried out and Theon was already Reek. We're going to see it actually happening in the show because flashbacks are hammy in the television format.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 09 April 2013 - 04:48 AM.
3032	Dementia	2013-04-09	My interpretation was that was done purposely to drive home the symbolism of the X-shaped cross, which appears prominently in the Bolton heraldry on the show.  Perhaps to give casual viewers an idea of Theon's location without actually giving it away (since the torturer doesn't answer Theon when he asks where he is).I too can't wait to see where this story is headed in the coming weeks.  The hunt sequence has a lot of potential to be horrifically awesome.Yeah...I think that Theon strung up on a big X, just like the Bolton sigil would *scream* that the Bolton's have him.  I also don't think anyone would really think too much about it.  Bolton is a Stark ally and bannerman, Theon is a turncloak...big deal...raven mail might just be running a little slow and the news hasn't reached Robb that he's been captured yet.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3033	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-09	I bet they will reveal him as Ramsay Bolton only right before the Red Wedding!
3034	freetickles	2013-04-09	Yeah...I think that Theon strung up on a big X, just like the Bolton sigil would *scream* that the Bolton's have him.  I also don't think anyone would really think too much about it.  Bolton is a Stark ally and bannerman, Theon is a turncloak...big deal...raven mail might just be running a little slow and the news hasn't reached Robb that he's been captured yet.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I don't think they're trying to be particularly secretive about where Theon is. Robb already told Roose to tell his bastard to spare everyone besides Theon, and we (show viewers, not just book readers) know that the Boltons are into torture. The only thing they're being secretive about are the identities of the torturers and of Boy.
3035	KingWolf	2013-04-09	From what I heard about Theon's arc in WiC.net...
	Spoiler Ramsay betrays Theon in the first four episodes of the season, which is fairly early. I don't know if it'll be in episode 3 or 4, but I believe it'll be in episode 3. They say Theon is caught by four Bolton men and is nearly raped, but then Ramsay kills them all with a bow and saves him. Later (I don't know if it's in the same episode), when the two of them are riding together, Theon tells "Boy" all about Winterfell, about the Starks being alive and all, and Ramsay looks very interested in the Starks. Ramsay is leading the way and leads Theon through a tunnel, saying that it's a shortcut or something like that, but, for Theon's disappointment, the tunnel ends on the torture room we saw last episode. Ramsay then blames Theon for the deaths of the four Bolton men. He doesn't reveal his identity, though.I think Ramsay will order a hunt after the Stark kids. That might make Bran's journey much more entertaining. I bet that'll be the reason Bran and Rickon are going to split up later.

	Spoiler Thats our Ramsay.Killing his own men for his own sick game.
3036	dtones520	2013-04-09	I doubt we see any live flaying, but we will see the flaying knife closing in on Theons hand, cut to his face in complete pain/ horror and cut to next scene. Then, next scene with Theon will be him post trying to bite his own flayed finger off or something. His storyline is going to be really good, in my opinion, they are going to get to flesh out all of Reek/Theons thoughts about what Ramsay did to him. I wonder if they will give us confirmation of Theon losing his manhood.
3037	Ordos	2013-04-10	The reason I paid attention to his voice is because I wanted to hear if it would consist of grunts and blunt threats like book Ramsay, or perhaps a smooth mild and quiet type voice that gives you the chills like Roose. So far from what I hear it's the latter. But then again he is still pretending to be someone else so we don't know yet.
					
					
							Edited by Ordos, 10 April 2013 - 01:19 AM.
3038	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-10	I bet they will reveal him as Ramsay Bolton only right before the Red Wedding!Me too. This is the storyline I'm looking forward to the most, and so far it's very promising, what with hints of Ramsay's sick hunt. That's what I thought automatically when "boy" said he'd release Theon.
3039	Conchobar	2013-04-10	The reason I paid attention to his voice is because I wanted to hear if it would consist of grunts and blunt threats like book Ramsay, or perhaps a smooth mild and quiet type voice that gives you the chills like Roose. So far from what I hear it's the latter. But then again he is still pretending to be someone else so we don't know yet.I wonder will he have an irish regional accent like his father?
3040	The Flaying Man	2013-04-10	I wonder will he have an irish regional accent like his father?Roose has an English accent. McElhatton has an Irish accent in real life but he's clearly putting on an English accent in GOT!
3041	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-10	I kind of expected some heavy stuff until Theon points the (flayed) finger at the janitor saying "He helped me, him!"
Getting him to the point of ratting out any potential help...Then Ramsay reveal & cuts off poor reeks finger as a reward for the truth.
3042	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	I don't think they're trying to be particularly secretive about where Theon is. Robb already told Roose to tell his bastard to spare everyone besides Theon, and we (show viewers, not just book readers) know that the Boltons are into torture. The only thing they're being secretive about are the identities of the torturers and of Boy.But remember in S2 Robb told Roose that he wanted Theon brought to him alive so he could take his head. If they allowed viewers to know that Bolton's Bastard actually had Theon and Roose had knowledge of this but didn't tell Robb it just wouldn't add up. Show viewers have no idea what the Boltons are about yet other than the fact that they are sworn to the King who lost the North.I kind of expected some heavy stuff until Theon points the (flayed) finger at the janitor saying "He helped me, him!"Getting him to the point of ratting out any potential help...Then Ramsay reveal & cuts off poor reeks finger as a reward for the truth.I like it.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
3043	Conchobar	2013-04-10	Roose has an English accent. McElhatton has an Irish accent in real life but he's clearly putting on an English accent in GOT!Roose Bolton has a very clear Irish accent on the show. That is Michael's normal speaking voice. It is a Kerry accent. There is nothing English about his accent in the show. He is the only Irish actor on the show, second to Catelyn, who has kept his accent. It is probably because he has a brilliant speaking voice, which they needed for Roose.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 10 April 2013 - 12:40 PM.
3044	The Flaying Man	2013-04-10	Roose Bolton has a very clear Irish accent on the show. That is Michael's normal speaking voice. It is a Kerry accent. There is nothing English about his accent in the show. He is the only Irish actor on the show, second to Catelyn, who has kept his accent. It is probably because he has a brilliant speaking voice, which they needed for Roose.He's TRYING to adopt an English accent for the show, and quite well in my opinion. I'm from Wexford myself and I know what his normal voice sounds like. Listen to his sound files on his agent's website, or any of the BMW ads he currently does the voiceover work for, and compare the accent in them to the one hear in Game of Thrones. The accent he uses in GOT is in no way reminiscent of a Kerry accent...In relation to Michelle Fairley, she is also rounding her "r"s more than she would in her normal speaking voice.
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 10 April 2013 - 12:53 PM.
3045	The Flaying Man	2013-04-10	double post
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 10 April 2013 - 12:53 PM.
3046	Conchobar	2013-04-10	He's TRYING to adopt an English accent for the show, and quite well in my opinion. I'm from Wexford myself and I know what his normal voice sounds like. Listen to his sound files on his agent's website, or any of the BMW ads he currently does the voiceover work for, and compare the accent in them to the one hear in Game of Thrones. The accent he uses in GOT is in no way reminiscent of a Kerry accent...In relation to Michelle Fairley, she is also rounding her "r"s more than she would in her normal speaking voice.It isn't a Kerry accent he uses for the show, but it certainly isn't an English accent. It is like a well spoken Irish accent, a posh Irish accent.
3047	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	lol, all the accents sound very similar to my American ears, tbh /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3048	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-10	I lived in London for awhile so I can make out the broader ones but I love seeing them all laid out. Nice files for my stack of precedents. Heh, when I was there, nothing made me feel more like a BAMF than people being surprised the Texan girl could pick out their accent. Lucky Brits and Irish folk with your rich variety of accents.
I want to hear the Boy talk more. He had an interesting voice for his two whole lines.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 10 April 2013 - 11:56 PM.
3049	elmis	2013-04-11	It seems flaying is too costly for CGI (or too gruesome even for this show), and they are screwing screws into Theon instead. Good enough, I guess.We had flaying in Buffy, I will be super disappointed if they don't flay at least one dude!
3050	mafalda	2013-04-11	He's TRYING to adopt an English accent for the show, and quite well in my opinion. I'm from Wexford myself and I know what his normal voice sounds like. Listen to his sound files on his agent's website, or any of the BMW ads he currently does the voiceover work for, and compare the accent in them to the one hear in Game of Thrones. The accent he uses in GOT is in no way reminiscent of a Kerry accent...In relation to Michelle Fairley, she is also rounding her "r"s more than she would in her normal speaking voice.I love the actor who plays Roose's voice. I could listen to him talk all day. I get very excited when Roose comes on screen, just so I can listen to his voice. I wish he would have more scenes so that I can listen to him speak. I'm American, so I don't know much about the regional accents overseas, but that man has a gorgeous voice...Can you tell voices are my "thing"?Ok, on topic, anybody know why D&D have gone through sooo much trouble to conceal Boy's role (considering the bookies already know Boy = Ramsay, I mean who else would he be??)This is my favorite show and all but some of the things they do, I'm like "What?... Why?!"
3051	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I love the actor who plays Roose's voice. I could listen to him talk all day. I get very excited when Roose comes on screen, just so I can listen to his voice. I wish he would have more scenes so that I can listen to him speak. I'm American, so I don't know much about the regional accents overseas, but that man has a gorgeous voice...Can you tell voices are my "thing"?Ok, on topic, anybody know why D&D have gone through sooo much trouble to conceal Boy's role (considering the bookies already know Boy = Ramsay, I mean who else would he be??)This is my favorite show and all but some of the things they do, I'm like "What?... Why?!"I have a feeling Ramsay isn't going to be revealed as "Ramsay Snow/Bolton, the bastard of Roose Bolton" until after the Red Wedding. I imagine D&D were like DUDE, THE TV AUDIENCE WILL BE SO SURPRISED THAT THE BOLTONS ARE EVIL!!! ... but I'm afraid the TV audience will just be like "Who the fuck are the Boltons?" lol *sigh*
3052	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-04-11	I hope Theon's storyline doesn't get so much screen time. They might as well show him get mentally broken in ep.3-5 and then show nothing more of him until season 4. Theon's storyline in the books doesn't really lead anywhere, except as a totally passive POV character to give us insight into what the Boltons are doing in the North. IIRC, the TV show does not actually need to show us any of the goings-on in the courts of the Northern lords between the RW and the point where Davos sails into White Harbor because nothing of interest happens there. The Ironborn stumble around a little, Yara/Asha gets a storyline but Theon doesn't see or hear anything interesting.
Also I am REALLY not looking forward to watching Theon get tortured again and again and again.
3053	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-11	I bet they will reveal him as Ramsay Bolton only right before the Red Wedding!This.They're going all out to give House Bolton some much needed character before their betrayal. What with Roose being put front and center as Robb's senior lieutenant, the constant talk of "my BASTARD at the Dreadfort" and Jaime's "aah the FLAYED MAN OF HOUSE BOLTON" upon seeing the rewritten "Locke."Dropping all these clues throughout the dialogue of the show, just as GRRM littered the text of hints of their betrayal. Wouldn't be surprised if "Boy" is revealed during the RW episode.
3054	mafalda	2013-04-11	I have a feeling Ramsay isn't going to be revealed as "Ramsay Snow/Bolton, the bastard of Roose Bolton" until after the Red Wedding. I imagine D&D were like DUDE, THE TV AUDIENCE WILL BE SO SURPRISED THAT THE BOLTONS ARE EVIL!!! ... but I'm afraid the TV audience will just be like "Who the fuck are the Boltons?" lol *sigh*You're right, I can see that happening. And yeah, the Bolton family has not been explained enough. I remember my friend (who does not read the books) last season kept asking me who Roose was whenever he popped up on screen. The viewers don't know or really care who the Boltons are at this point. They show Karstark more, when he doesn't even have a lasting storyline. And I know they are probably wondering why this "Bastard" keeps getting mentioned but we never see him. I do hope that they don't wait until the RW to reveal Ramsay's identity, because I have my sights set on Theon being hunted down and tortured by the nice Boy who helped him escape.
3055	mafalda	2013-04-11	This.They're going all out to give House Bolton some much needed character before their betrayal. What with Roose being put front and center as Robb's senior lieutenant, the constant talk of "my BASTARD at the Dreadfort" and Jaime's "aah the FLAYED MAN OF HOUSE BOLTON" upon seeing the rewritten "Locke."Dropping all these clues throughout the dialogue of the show, just as GRRM littered the text of hints of their betrayal. Wouldn't be surprised if "Boy" is revealed during the RW episode.Agghh I hope not because what would it matter if Ramsay is evil to Theon or not? At this point, Theon is not a particularly likeable character, so I doubt Ramsay's actions towards him will have a matter of how the viewers see Roose. I doubt they will see Ramsay torturing Theon then go "Well gee, his dad must be insane too, I bet he'll betray and slaughter the northmen at some point". Especially since Ramsay's torture of Theon is what the northmen want.. Like when Cat was actually comforted by the bit of Theon's skin Ramsay sent them? Besides, I really want to see the look on Theon's face when Boy sets him free, then is all SIKE, BITCH!
3056	sati	2013-04-11	You're right, I can see that happening. And yeah, the Bolton family has not been explained enough. I remember my friend (who does not read the books) last season kept asking me who Roose was whenever he popped up on screen. The viewers don't know or really care who the Boltons are at this point. They show Karstark more, when he doesn't even have a lasting storyline. And I know they are probably wondering why this "Bastard" keeps getting mentioned but we never see him. I do hope that they don't wait until the RW to reveal Ramsay's identity, because I have my sights set on Theon being hunted down and tortured by the nice Boy who helped him escape.I'm sure people will recognize Bolton more after seeing his scenes in Harrenhal with Jaime.
3057	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-11	I had to explain to my friend that the one who found Jamie(Locke) was not Boltons Bastard
3058	freetickles	2013-04-11	Agghh I hope not because what would it matter if Ramsay is evil to Theon or not? At this point, Theon is not a particularly likeable character, so I doubt Ramsay's actions towards him will have a matter of how the viewers see Roose. I doubt they will see Ramsay torturing Theon then go "Well gee, his dad must be insane too, I bet he'll betray and slaughter the northmen at some point". Especially since Ramsay's torture of Theon is what the northmen want.. Like when Cat was actually comforted by the bit of Theon's skin Ramsay sent them? Besides, I really want to see the look on Theon's face when Boy sets him free, then is all SIKE, BITCH!I actually think they're playing up a redemption arc for Theon quite well, similar to Jaime's. Yes, he killed two innocent kids, just like Jaime threw Bran out a window and killed his cousin. The fact that he didn't kill Bran and Rickon resonates with a lot of people though, and he clearly regretted his actions and felt pressured into them by his father, his sister, Dagmer etc., His scene with Maester Luwin begging him to take the black showed that he would have taken a way out if it were clean (which he didn't think the NW would be). Viewers will increasingly feel sorry for him as Ramsay tortures and breaks him, so Ramsay will indeed be seen as evil.That said, as awesome as the reveal of Boy-as-Ramsay will be, it's nothing compared to Roose's betrayal of Robb and I have a hard time seeing them fit it into the RW storyline.
3059	sati	2013-04-11	That said, as awesome as the reveal of Boy-as-Ramsay will be, it's nothing compared to Roose's betrayal of Robb and I have a hard time seeing them fit it into the RW storyline.They can do the reveal when Cat receives piece of Theon's skin.
3060	Brewmaster	2013-04-11	On the timing of the Bolton betrayal reveal- I've read the books twice and now I'm starting to have a hard time remembering why I didn't see it coming the first time. After all the build up and angst over Cat releasing Jaime, there is really no excuse for Roose just sending him on his merry way home from King's Landing if Roose is the least bit committed to Robb as his King.
I do think they will have a harder time keeping the Bolton's ambitions under the radar on the show. And showing Theon's arc at this point may add to that difficulty. Although, I suppose you could also move some of Bolton's ADWD comments up and set the viewers up to think he really doesn't trust Ramsay, or have much to do with him (i.e- he could talk about Ramsay killing his trueborn sons. Talk about him being untrustworthy because of his bastard blood, etc.).
With all that said, again I just can't get myself back into my non-spoiled mindset of when I first read the books, so I have a hard time even remembering how I rationalized Roose letting Jaime go when I didn't know.
3061	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I actually think they're playing up a redemption arc for Theon quite well, similar to Jaime's. Yes, he killed two innocent kids, just like Jaime threw Bran out a window and killed his cousin. The fact that he didn't kill Bran and Rickon resonates with a lot of people though, and he clearly regretted his actions and felt pressured into them by his father, his sister, Dagmer etc., His scene with Maester Luwin begging him to take the black showed that he would have taken a way out if it were clean (which he didn't think the NW would be). Viewers will increasingly feel sorry for him as Ramsay tortures and breaks him, so Ramsay will indeed be seen as evil.That said, as awesome as the reveal of Boy-as-Ramsay will be, it's nothing compared to Roose's betrayal of Robb and I have a hard time seeing them fit it into the RW storyline.I think what's bothering me is that show watchers have no reason to think that it wasn't the Ironborn who killed everyone at Winterfell / burned it down since those are the lies being fed to Robb/Cat ... and even though they know Theon was betrayed, I think they still blame him for that in their minds.
3062	Dove	2013-04-11	The show watchers that I regularly watch GoT with on sundays have all decided that either Theon's being held by the ironborn (the clothing/armor the Bolton men are wearing do look like the ironborn's, I can only assume they killed all of Theon's men and took it) or that Bolton's bastard is acting alone and decieving his father: they also think that the bastard is the torturer, the one who's been asking questions and did the thing with the fingernail. It's definitely a mystery by design, and should be pretty effective if they do the reveal right.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 11 April 2013 - 11:47 AM.
3063	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	The show watchers that I regularly watch GoT with on sundays have all decided that either Theon's being held by the ironborn (the clothing/armor the Bolton men are wearing do look like the ironborn's, I can only assume they killed all of Theon's men and took it) or that Bolton's bastard is acting alone and decieving his father: they also think that the bastard is the torturer, the one who's been asking questions and did the thing with the fingernail. It's definitely a mystery by design, and should be pretty effective if they do the reveal right.A lot of watchers seem to think the Ironborn have Theon, so I guess the ruse is working /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ... I mean, the last thing they saw was Theon being knocked out by Ironborn and them saying "Let's go home" or something, so it makes sense. The clothes also kind of match, right?
3064	Nezzer	2013-04-11	A lot of watchers seem to think the Ironborn have Theon, so I guess the ruse is working /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ... I mean, the last thing they saw was Theon being knocked out by Ironborn and them saying "Let's go home" or something, so it makes sense. The clothes also kind of match, right?Yes, there is also one guy in the back wearing Greyjoy armor.
3065	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Also, I kind of hope that they keep in the "giving skin to Cat/Robb" thing ... but I kind of want them to be horrified instead of happy about it. I dunno, that's just me.
3066	Nezzer	2013-04-11	Also, I kind of hope that they keep in the "giving skin to Cat/Robb" thing ... but I kind of want them to be horrified instead of happy about it. I dunno, that's just me.Same. I want them to completely destroy Theon this season and show us everything, even his castration. I like Theon, but Ramsay is one of my favorite characters, so... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3067	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Same. I want them to completely destroy Theon this season and show us everything, even his castration. I like Theon, but Ramsay is one of my favorite characters, so... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I still secretly hope that Theon hasn't been castrated /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> I don't know why, I just don't want to accept it ... I'd rather Ramsay had raped Theon or merely "flayed" (circumsized) him a bit and that's what the weirdness was about, hah. Well, if they show/heavily imply him castrated on the show, I'll have to accept it, I guess. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I think if you like Theon, you have to "like" Ramsay since he's such a crucial part of Theon's character ... there's actually an interesting "essay" somewhere on tumblr about this topic.
3068	freetickles	2013-04-11	On the timing of the Bolton betrayal reveal- I've read the books twice and now I'm starting to have a hard time remembering why I didn't see it coming the first time. After all the build up and angst over Cat releasing Jaime, there is really no excuse for Roose just sending him on his merry way home from King's Landing if Roose is the least bit committed to Robb as his King.I do think they will have a harder time keeping the Bolton's ambitions under the radar on the show. And showing Theon's arc at this point may add to that difficulty. Although, I suppose you could also move some of Bolton's ADWD comments up and set the viewers up to think he really doesn't trust Ramsay, or have much to do with him (i.e- he could talk about Ramsay killing his trueborn sons. Talk about him being untrustworthy because of his bastard blood, etc.).With all that said, again I just can't get myself back into my non-spoiled mindset of when I first read the books, so I have a hard time even remembering how I rationalized Roose letting Jaime go when I didn't know.I'm the same way. When Arya was Roose's cupbearer, I kept thinking to myself, this guy is Robb's bannerman so why doesn't she just tell him who she is? I just figured she was being extra cautious and he seemed like a weirdo with the leeching, anyway. Then when he let Jaime go, I figured he was just being political and hedging his bets in case the Lannisters won the war. It never occurred to me he was going to completely jump ship on the Starks.
3069	freetickles	2013-04-11	I still secretly hope that Theon hasn't been castrated /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> I don't know why, I just don't want to accept it ... I'd rather Ramsay had raped Theon or merely "flayed" (circumsized) him a bit and that's what the weirdness was about, hah. Well, if they show/heavily imply him castrated on the show, I'll have to accept it, I guess. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I think if you like Theon, you have to "like" Ramsay since he's such a crucial part of Theon's character ... there's actually an interesting "essay" somewhere on tumblr about this topic.I'm pretty sure if you "circumsize" somebody by flaying, you're basically castrating him. No more manhood after that.
3070	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	Oh god they're going to show the torture aren't they my poor Theon /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3071	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I'm pretty sure if you "circumsize" somebody by flaying, you're basically castrating him. No more manhood after that.I was thinking just removing the foreskin ... OMG TOO MUCH IN DEPTH DISCUSSION OF THEON GREYJOY'S JUNK!!!! haha/jk  IT WILL RISE AGAIN, HARDER AND STRONGER, DAMMIT. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3072	Nezzer	2013-04-11	I still secretly hope that Theon hasn't been castrated /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> I don't know why, I just don't want to accept it ... I'd rather Ramsay had raped Theon or merely "flayed" (circumsized) him a bit and that's what the weirdness was about, hah. Well, if they show/heavily imply him castrated on the show, I'll have to accept it, I guess. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I think if you like Theon, you have to "like" Ramsay since he's such a crucial part of Theon's character ... there's actually an interesting "essay" somewhere on tumblr about this topic.I think he lost everything. In one of Theon's chapters, Theon says to himself Ramsay took some of his fingers and "that other thing". Also, when Ramsay tells Theon to prepare Jeyne for him, Theon says he doesn't have something and then Ramsay tells him to use his tongue. It looks pretty clear to me Theon has absolutely nothing down there anymore.
3073	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-11	Castration mean losing the function of the testicles.
In the modern world its done chemically, in Game of Thrones they would be cut off!
Flaying someones penis would be classed as Genital mutilation.
Ramsay is pure evil but I love the character as I'm constanlty wondering what evil deed he will do next.
3074	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I think he lost everything. In one of Theon's chapters, Theon says to himself Ramsay took some of his fingers and "that other thing". Also, when Ramsay tells Theon to prepare Jeyne for him, Theon says he doesn't have something and then Ramsay tells him to use his tongue. It looks pretty clear to me Theon has absolutely nothing down there anymore. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Castration mean losing the function of the testicles.In the modern world its done chemically, in Game of Thrones they would be cut off!Flaying someones penis would be classed as Genital mutilation.Ramsay is pure evil but I love the character as I'm constanlty wondering what evil deed he will do next.Yeah, who knows what they'll actually do for the show ... there are a lot of liberties that can be taken since the memories of the torture leave room for interpretation. Flaying is the only specific and important part.
3075	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-11	We have to remember that the next time Theon meets his sister Yara, he will have been tortured to such an extent that doesnt recognise him!!!
HBO have such potential to hype Ramsay up as a super evil, sick man
3076	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-12	"Boy" looked like a kid. Iwan Rheon is 27, though, so once they do the reveal Ramsey'll probably look much older (change of clothes, "drawing himself up" and getting his evil on).
3077	Nezzer	2013-04-12	"Boy" looked like a kid. Iwan Rheon is 27, though, so once they do the reveal Ramsey'll probably look much older (change of clothes, "drawing himself up" and getting his evil on).I've always pictured Ramsay like a very young man, with roughly the same age as Theon, dunno why.
3078	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-12	I've always pictured Ramsay like a very young man, with roughly the same age as Theon, dunno why.That's probably about right. He's described as a "young man" by an eight-year-old, so he's probably on par with Theon et al. Maybe a little bit older (early to mid twenties maybe), but still.
3079	I do not sew	2013-04-12	Theon begging Ramsay to cut off his appendages is far too great for them to pass up. It really epitomizes how awful his torment is, that he WANTS them to cut shit off.
3080	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-12	That's probably about right. He's described as a "young man" by an eight-year-old, so he's probably on par with Theon et al. Maybe a little bit older (early to mid twenties maybe), but still."Boy" looked like a teenager to me, though. I think this is intentional, to make the reveal have more impact. I believe Ramsey could have been around Theon's age, so actually a late teen/about 20 in the books, but since they've aged everyone up on the show, to be of the same age he'd need to be early to mid-20s.
3081	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	"Boy" looked like a teenager to me, though. I think this is intentional, to make the reveal have more impact. I believe Ramsey could have been around Theon's age, so actually a late teen/about 20 in the books, but since they've aged everyone up on the show, to be of the same age he'd need to be early to mid-20s.Iwan Rheon is 27 and I think Alfie Allen is 26, so it works!
3082	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-12	Hehe, my favorite GOT podcast is A Cast of Kings. The co-host, David Chen, hasn't read the books. It's hilarious when he goes "So, Theon...it looks like...uh...his sister sent someone" and sounding very unsure but kind of hopeful while his co-host (who has read the books) stays painfully silent.Buahahaha.I think D&D believe some people will think Locke is Roose's bastard until it's stated otherwise. Another red herring. I haven't looked at early reviews so I don't know how fast Ramsay reveals himself, either for the boy being the torturer or the torturer being Ramsay Bolton.Heh, it's important they nail Ramsay. Iwan will have to be 20 kinds of horrible-awesome if he's replacing Joffrey as the character everyone despises. THAT is a tough act to follow but it'll be amazing if he inspires the same or even more  loathing than Joff.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 12 April 2013 - 06:51 PM.
3083	Dove	2013-04-12	Popular consensus seems to point to Locke or the guy doing the actual torturing as being the bastard, and that's the people who aren't just assuming that the torturors are ironborn. I enjoyed Theon's storyline in ACoK and the identity switcheroo, and ended up pretty disappointed when they left it out - but they're replicating that same feeling of uncertainty really well this season. I definitely have no complaints.It'll be really interesting to see how Rheon plays Ramsay. Even at his creepiest in Misfits, his character Simon was obviously a very boyish, insecure dude, and Joffrey's already got that aspect of villainy down pat. If he's done right he'll definitely be another antagonist figure that audiences love to hate, perfect for latching on to after Joffers is gone.
3084	LordStoneheart	2013-04-13	Same. I want them to completely destroy Theon this season and show us everything, even his castration. I like Theon, but Ramsay is one of my favorite characters, so... /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />One does not simply like Ramsay Snow. Care to elaborate? If the series ends without him getting horribly killed, I would find it dissatisfying
3085	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-13	This is a bit irrelevant, but I honestly thought that the surrendered ironborn would have been flayed on the show, a la Moat Cailin. I think it would have been a good way to show the viewers just how much trouble Theon is in.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 13 April 2013 - 06:41 AM.
3086	Dove	2013-04-13	I could see him being someone's favorite for how chilling and monstrous a villain he is, I know I didn't hate anyone else nearly as much by the end of ADWD - Joff, Aerys, Vargo Hoat, whatever. The fate I was pulling for before finishing the book was "hunted by his own dogs while Theon stands over him saying the worlds "bastard" and "Snow" over and over" ;P
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 13 April 2013 - 12:31 PM.
3087	I do not sew	2013-04-13	I've watched this scene a few times now and i'd like to call attention to just how excellent Alfie Allen is. He's consistently the best actor on this show.
3088	Nezzer	2013-04-13	One does not simply like Ramsay Snow. Care to elaborate? If the series ends without him getting horribly killed, I would find it dissatisfyingI like him because he's very funny. He makes me laugh in almost every conversation he's in.Lord Ramsay sat beside his bride, slid his hand along her inner thigh, then jammed two fingers up inside her. The girl let out a gasp of pain. <U+0080><U+009C>You<U+0080><U+0099>re dry as an old bone.<U+0080><U+009D> Ramsay pulled his hand free and slapped her face. <U+0080><U+009C>I was told that you<U+0080><U+0099>d know how to please a man. Was that a lie?<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>N-no, my lord. I was t-trained.<U+0080><U+009D>Ramsay rose, the firelight shining on his face. <U+0080><U+009C>Reek, get over here. Get her ready for me.<U+0080><U+009D>For a moment he did not understand. <U+0080><U+009C>I ... do you mean ... m<U+0080><U+0099>lord, I have no ... I...<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>With your mouth,<U+0080><U+009D> Lord Ramsay said. <U+0080><U+009C>And be quick about it. If she<U+0080><U+0099>s not wet by the time I<U+0080><U+0099>m done disrobing, I will cut off that tongue of yours and nail it to the wall.<U+0080><U+009D>
3089	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-04-13	Ramsay's one of my favorite characters too.  Great villain.  Not someone I'd like to know in real life, mind you, but an interesting character who makes the story that much more interesting.  He picks up where Joffrey left off, but he's even more evil.
3090	Clariana	2013-04-09	Well-scripted dialogue between these two, though grosser and more direct in some ways than in the books. Understandably so, given time constraints.  Loved Jaime's comment on "if the iron throne were made of c***ks..." but slightly more taken by his rather poignant memory of young Renly, "trotting down the corridors in his embroidered silks..."
And of course the hughly telling: "No-one chooses who they love..."
And the fight. Was it me or did they both seem really pleased with themselves? Brienne because at last she gets a run at him after all the taunting and Jaime because he's just so happy to have a sword again... Pride and all that.
And of course, no good deed goes unpunished resisting Jaime's urging Brienne refuses to slay the farmer and guess who leads "Locke" (still can't get over the other TV associations of that name) straight to them?
3091	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	That guy who plays Jamie is a perfect casting.  Im enjoying the show arc of these two.
3092	Loras	2013-04-09	Coster-waldau is really knocking this role out of the park.  This is going to be a big season for Jaime and I find him incredibly engaging and easy to watch.
I am excited to see how he handles more serious material.
3093	Clariana	2013-04-09	Yes, his take on Jaime's arrogance and his insoucient nature is masterful... I get the impression NCW is really enjoying himself.
3094	SerMudz	2013-04-09	I really like the dialogue between them although I do wish they'd take some lines straight out of the book.....nearly all the talk between them has been invented. Leaves me concerned for the bath tub scene.
3095	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	Coster-waldau is really knocking this role out of the park.  This is going to be a big season for Jaime and I find him incredibly engaging and easy to watch.I am excited to see how he handles more serious material.I dont think it'll be a problem.  Even in his more serious and weaker moments, jamie still keeps his cocky attitude on.Id love to see show Jamie tell Brienne that he just wanted to hear Vargo say "thatfireth" a few more time, but alas...Im worried show Jamie is going to influence me to actually begin liking book Jamie
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 09 April 2013 - 06:30 AM.
3096	Clariana	2013-04-09	I really like the dialogue between them although I do wish they'd take some lines straight out of the book.....nearly all the talk between them has been invented. Leaves me concerned for the bath tub scene.I think the show producers felt it really had to be condensed... I mean how many pages does their road trip occupy in the books... In the series it's barely 40 mins. So the dialogue between them has to go for the jugular pretty quickly.I don't know what's going to happen in the bath tub scene. Fingers crossed!
3097	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	I think the show producers felt it really had to be condensed... I mean how many pages does their road trip occupy in the books... In the series it's barely 40 mins. So the dialogue between them has to go for the jugular pretty quickly.I don't know what's going to happen in the bath tub scene. Fingers crossed!Seems to me the writers dd an excellent job of condensing.  We can see Jamie gleaning info from her and harassing her.  Sometimes he touches buttons and sometimes it just bounces off of her.The sexual undertones are beginning to come out too, especially after Locke showed up.
3098	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-09	they're amazing together and we're a highpoint in the book for me, I think they should get a spin off for a couple of episodes
3099	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-09	I find myself cringing about what happens next. It will be well done, I'm sure, but Poor Jaime (yes, he's a prick, but ouch).
3100	Buckwheat	2013-04-09	I liked them too, although I wish Jaime would use the word wench from time to time. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Really, they are excellent together.
3101	SeventySeven	2013-04-09	I really love them, too. Great chemistry, acting, writing. Still, in the books they were better...
3102	Hotpie4theironthrone	2013-04-09	I agree that both actors pull it off exceptionally well
However i am a bit disappointed with how much of their journey has been left out. I know they had to cut a lot of it, and most of it makes sense, e.g. there would not have been much point having Cleos Frey in the show. But for me, their relationship was one of the strongest aspects of the book. I really like how at the start Jaime hates her but oddly respects her in a way, might have been nice to have a short scene with them at the kneeling man. 
I'll reserve judgement because i know we're only on episode 2, but i just think that Jaime's character arc is so important and so far i'm concerned that the show may not pull it off. They definitely need a scene with him telling Brienne the full story of why he killed Aerys
3103	Katydid	2013-04-09	they're amazing together and we're a highpoint in the book for me, I think they should get a spin off for a couple of episodesI would pay money to see this.  Lots and lots of money.
3104	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-09	I would pay money to see this.  Lots and lots of money.I'd watch the Jaime and Brienne show, no doubt about it.  Another thing worrying me about too much condensing of the books is......the fact that we still haven't heard the song The Bear and The Maiden Fair.  I think it's really important but they're still beating us over the head with The Rains of Castamere, not that I don't love that, too.They have hinted at some of the issues about Jaime's feelings and reasonings on killing The Mad King the past two seasons, but I do think he does need to do that damn good ramble in the tub.The actors are doing a fantastic job on the two characters, but I do fear that the dropping of The Mummers, not hearing The Bear and The Maiden Fair, and too much dropping of dialogue between them might be a problem.  I hope I'm wrong and perhaps now at their capture by Mr. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do......more of that will shine through.It'd be great if one of Locke's men has a lisp, though......I so want to hear Thathfireths.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 09 April 2013 - 12:31 PM.
3105	The Flaying Man	2013-04-09	I'd watch the Jaime and Brienne show, no doubt about it.  Another thing worrying me about too much condensing of the books is......the fact that we still haven't heard the song The Bear and The Maiden Fair.  I think it's really important but they're still beating us over the head with The Rains of Castamere, not that I don't love that, too.They have hinted at some of the issues about Jaime's feelings and reasonings on killing The Mad King the past two seasons, but I do think he does need to do that damn good ramble in the tub.The actors are doing a fantastic job on the two characters, but I do fear that the dropping of The Mummers, not hearing The Bear and The Maiden Fair, and too much dropping of dialogue between them might be a problem.  I hope I'm wrong and perhaps now at their capture by Mr. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do......more of that will shine through.It'd be great if one of Locke's men has a lisp, though......I so want to hear Thathfireths."Mr. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do" Haha nice one!I wouldn't worry too much about the bath scene. There may be a change in dialogue but I'm sure the correct emphasis and emotion will come across. Plus, I read somewhere that The Hold Steady's version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair plays over the end credits of episode 3, after Jaime gets the chop.
3106	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-09	"Mr. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do" Haha nice one!I wouldn't worry too much about the bath scene. There may be a change in dialogue but I'm sure the correct emphasis and emotion will come across. Plus, I read somewhere that The Hold Steady's version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair plays over the end credits of episode 3, after Jaime gets the chop.LOL, doing Lostisms is how I actually started playing on the internet.  Feels like old times.Thanks for the info about Episode 3 having The Bear and The Maiden Fair, I've been wondering when it would show up, glad to hear that it is soon.ETA:  Perhaps it should be Ser Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do, although.....being a Northman, probably not.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 09 April 2013 - 12:45 PM.
3107	Clariana	2013-04-09	... and over a later scene after that... Apparently.
3108	shiola	2013-04-09	Nikolaj is my hero<3  I love him, he nails the character of Jaime.  He's what helped make Jaime my favorite character.
"I don't blame him, and I don't blame you either.  We don't get to choose who we love."  Right in the fucking feels, guys.
3109	Set_Gecko	2013-04-09	Nikolaj nails everything about Jaime except the fighting. His fighting is just awkward and clumsy.
3110	Hotpie4theironthrone	2013-04-09	Nikolaj nails everything about Jaime except the fighting. His fighting is just awkward and clumsy.I'd agree with you there, i loved his sword fight Eddard in season 1 but the one against Brienne was a let down
3111	shiola	2013-04-09	His wrists and, I believe, ankles were shackled.  He's supposed to have been a captive for a while so he is weak.  I think it was intentional that he wasn't at his best.  There was no reason for him to be as good as in season 1.
3112	SerMudz	2013-04-09	Yeah a big point was made in the books about how, despite being so weakened after his captivity and also chained at the hands, Jaime still gave Brienne the fight of her life. I was really gutted this didnt come across at all on the show. It just made Jaime seem like a fraud considering his comments about only 3 men in the kingdoms possibly being able to stand a chance against him in a fight - the TV fans will just think he's all talk now.
3113	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	I'd watch the Jaime and Brienne show, no doubt about it.  Another thing worrying me about too much condensing of the books is......the fact that we still haven't heard the song The Bear and The Maiden Fair.  I think it's really important but they're still beating us over the head with The Rains of Castamere, not that I don't love that, too.They have hinted at some of the issues about Jaime's feelings and reasonings on killing The Mad King the past two seasons, but I do think he does need to do that damn good ramble in the tub.The actors are doing a fantastic job on the two characters, but I do fear that the dropping of The Mummers, not hearing The Bear and The Maiden Fair, and too much dropping of dialogue between them might be a problem.  I hope I'm wrong and perhaps now at their capture by Mr. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do......more of that will shine through.It'd be great if one of Locke's men has a lisp, though......I so want to hear Thathfireths.On another thread someone said one of the episodes has a rock version of the Bear and the Maiden Fair in it so I think we will hear it in the show too
3114	Katydid	2013-04-09	His wrists and, I believe, ankles were shackled.  He's supposed to have been a captive for a while so he is weak.  I think it was intentional that he wasn't at his best.  There was no reason for him to be as good as in season 1.This.I thought Nik played it beautifully, and conveyed Jaime's weakened state.  He's been too long imprisoned, and is out of shape/practice.  The chains on his hands didn't help.There's a moment when he drops the sword point to the ground and is resting, you can hear him panting - - that's straight from the book, Jaime takes little breaks.  And when he tries to body-slam her and ends up bouncing off and falling against the wall, he gets a perfect "oh shit" look on his face, that's Jaime's realization moment.  In the book, he thinks to himself "she is stronger than I am."  I thought Nik showed that emotion perfectly.  He's panting and looking a little chilled to the bone at the knowledge that he's going to lose the fight; Brienne is standing perfectly still, barely breathing, hasn't even broken a sweat.  It was very well done.I do miss hearing him calling her "wench", though, and can't understand why the writers chose to ignore that.  Disappointing that they decided to drop one of the most endearing nicknames in history.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3115	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	Is it confirmed that this song will be played at the end of Episode 3? This sounds odd to me because I'd think it would make more sense after the events of the Bear Pit scene, I say this because a lot of viewers will not get the allusion to the Maiden and the Bear because they haven't read the books, this event doesn't happen until later on, so it wouldn't make much sense to have it after the hand scene. But I may feel different after watching it.
3116	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-09	http://winteriscomin...n-fair-to-life/
"EW also reports that they are <U+0080><U+009C>sworn to secrecy in regards to how the song will be used,<U+0080><U+009D> and that it<U+0080><U+0099>s not necessarily where ASOIAF fans might believe it would be sung."
3117	shiola	2013-04-09	I do miss hearing him calling her "wench", though, and can't understand why the writers chose to ignore that.  Disappointing that they decided to drop one of the most endearing nicknames in history.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />This.  :c
3118	The Flaying Man	2013-04-09	... and over a later scene after that... Apparently.Yep, I imagine that will be Bolton men singing it then though
3119	Silverx2	2013-04-09	while i loved the scene, and really enjoyed briennes sort of nonchalant ending of the fight, just like "bitch please" however im worried that they wont take Jamie's hand. At this point in the books Jamie had shaved his head(not done in the show) and in the book the bloody murmers were not flying boltons sigil correct? How is Jamie going to forgive lord Bolton after one of his men cuts off his hand? I find it hard to believe Tywin would give the north to the man that basically crippled his "only son"
3120	The Flaying Man	2013-04-09	To everyone worrying that Jaime won't lose his hand:There was a brief shot in the first trailer where, for a split second, you can see a close up of Jaime's stump. It's the shot of him perhaps leaving Harrenhal for KL, and Qyburn can be seen behind him. The sling is visible around his neck, and the stump is obvious.Look, it's even on this very site!
3121	Newstar	2013-04-09	Jaime and Brienne are so great in the show. Flawless casting, amazing chemistry, great acting, and the writing is pretty good, too. The reviewers for the first four episodes have praised the Jaime/Brienne stuff to the skies, and it seems like they were spot on. Just amazing.
The fight was less blatantly sexual than in the books (no Jaime wounding Brienne in her upper thigh, no thrashing about in the mud with clothing askew), but it was still great and there was subtext aplenty: Locke calling Brienne "your woman," Jaime saying that fighting "gets the juices flowing" (!!!), etc. etc. I didn't mind Brienne giving Jaime a "drubbing," as one review described it, even if it was a departure from the books, since the show seemed to make it clear that Jaime was worn out very quickly (gasping for breath, on the ropes, etc. etc.). It made sense within the show.
The non-book dialogue about Renly was pretty great, as was Jaime's "We don't get to choose who we love." Hahaha, Jaime, you don't even know how right you are.
Jaime's look of pure joy when he finally had a sword in his hands made me die a little bit on the inside. Noooo.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 09 April 2013 - 07:59 PM.
3122	teemo	2013-04-09	this is one of the only aspects of the show that i'm almost 100% happy about...they really are PERFECT in their roles.  I love that Gwendoline has read the books also.  I think that helps a lot.  She seems to get her.  Jaime just seems exactly like Jaime.  Perfect!
But yeah, having no 'wench' is really quite sad.
					
					
							Edited by barbie, 09 April 2013 - 09:31 PM.
3123	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-09	I was thinking that Brienne was going to chop off Jamie's hand.
3124	Bolivar	2013-04-09	The fight was sooo underwhelming! I can't get over that the Jaime vs. Ned fight in season 1 was more epic, and Ned's not even supposed to be in their league!It has nothing to do with Jaime being tired. In the books, even despite being in captivity the last few days, he's still able to fight with superhuman speed and finesse, and is totally blown away (as is the reader) that Brienne is actually in that class along with him. Here, we just saw two actors who clearly know nothing abou swordplay clumsily shift around for a little bit until the Boltons show up.Definitely a low point in the episode for me. I also think their banter is getting a little over-indulgent.
3125	teemo	2013-04-09	The fight was sooo underwhelming! I can't get over that the Jaime vs. Ned fight in season 1 was more epic, and Ned's not even supposed to be in their league!It has nothing to do with Jaime being tired. In the books, even despite being in captivity the last few days, he's still able to fight with superhuman speed and finesse, and is totally blown away (as is the reader) that Brienne is actually in that class along with him. Here, we just saw two actors who clearly know nothing abou swordplay clumsily shift around for a little bit until the Boltons show up.Definitely a low point in the episode for me. I also think their banter is getting a little over-indulgent.Good points here.  Jaime has to use "fuck" and "cock" all the time to shock viewers..kind of like Ygritte.  It's funny a lot of the times, but sometimes it's just too much.  Good point about Ned being a match for Jaime too.  I forgot about that.
3126	teemo	2013-04-09	I was thinking that Brienne was going to chop off Jamie's hand.now that would be a book deviation /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3127	Currawong	2013-04-10	Jaime was mostly playing with Ned - you could see it in his face.   Jaime enjoys a good fight, and I don't think he would have enjoyed just killing Ned so quickly.  As for the J/B fight, those swords are heavy and I agree with Newstar:The fight was less blatantly sexual than in the books (no Jaime wounding Brienne in her upper thigh, no thrashing about in the mud with clothing askew), but it was still great and there was subtext aplenty: Locke calling Brienne "your woman," Jaime saying that fighting "gets the juices flowing" (!!!), etc. etc. I didn't mind Brienne giving Jaime a "drubbing," as one review described it, even if it was a departure from the books, since the show seemed to make it clear that Jaime was worn out very quickly (gasping for breath, on the ropes, etc. etc.). It made sense within the show.I agree.   What I really loved about the whole scene was the start, where they showed Jaime's sheer joy at having a sword in his hand again and being able to fight, which is going to be at the heart of what happens later.	It was also very good at portraying the way his condition quickly gave out, and that he was fighting under the handicap of being manacled.   Judging bythe reviews, I don't think TV viewers missed those aspects.And yes, Bolivar - I know that medieval swords were only a few pounds in weight BUT medieval people were also a lot smaller, if you look at the clothing and the armour, even for well-fed nobility.  So if you scale things up to the size of the actors and the swords today, then the slower moving action was far more appropriate.  I am SO grateful that we didn't get a typical Hollywood fancy-style swordfight straight from the swashbuckling days of Errol Flynn.   That to me would have looked completely unrealistic, with Brienne in armour and weakened Jaime with manacled hands.Silverx2, I don't think 'bald Jaime' was ever a practical option, because Nikolaj was filming other things during and after shooting Seasons 2 and 3 of GoT.   And then he and Gwen had to come back earlier this year, months after all the other S3 filming had finished, to shoot the bearpit stuff in LA with Little Bart.   Making Jaime/NCW bald would have created all sorts of continuity issues for both GoT and his other movies, so the GoT writers  sensibly dropped that aspect.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 10 April 2013 - 01:25 AM.
3128	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-10	It varied, looking at the non-spoiler (not unspoiled) thread on TVWOP, some viewers saw that Jaime was badly handicapped, others saw him getting a thrashing and being utterly outclassed by a girl.
3129	StarkDragon	2013-04-10	To everyone worrying that Jaime won't lose his hand:There was a brief shot in the first trailer where, for a split second, you can see a close up of Jaime's stump. It's the shot of him perhaps leaving Harrenhal for KL, and Qyburn can be seen behind him. The sling is visible around his neck, and the stump is obvious.Look, it's even on this very site!Hey, thanks for the confirm /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
3130	Clariana	2013-04-10	The fight was sooo underwhelming! I can't get over that the Jaime vs. Ned fight in season 1 was more epic, and Ned's not even supposed to be in their league!It has nothing to do with Jaime being tired. In the books, even despite being in captivity the last few days, he's still able to fight with superhuman speed and finesse, and is totally blown away (as is the reader) that Brienne is actually in that class along with him. Here, we just saw two actors who clearly know nothing abou swordplay clumsily shift around for a little bit until the Boltons show up.Definitely a low point in the episode for me. I also think their banter is getting a little over-indulgent.We shouldn't forget also that Brienne being as she is, at least at the beginning of the fight, does not want to kill Jaime or even injure him... Since she must be aware that any hurt to him could put Sansa and Ayra in peril and impair her ability to carry out her pledge to Catelyn.So we have that Jaime is tired manacled and out of practice and Brienne is resisting giving it her all. This was always going to be a scuffle and not an epic battle.
3131	Dove	2013-04-10	Yeah, I thought the fight was fine. It actually felt a lot more genuine than most swordfights on screen, even in this show. You have to figure that not only is Brienne that good, but Jaime is shackled, malnourished, dehydrated, and he's been a prisoner forever so he's out of shape too.
The most important part was how they captured how genuinely happy Jaime was to have a sword back in his hand, how in his element he is in the thick of battle even in overwhelming circumstances. It's gonna make it even sadder when he loses that self-assurance later.
3132	Eogh	2013-04-11	Nicolaj is perfect as Jaime, still getting used to Brienne though. She just seems harsher and much less innocent than the Brienne I know.
3133	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-11	Jaime doesn't follow his own advice...
"You shouldn't grimace before you launch, gives away the game".
Less than a second later:http://img692.images...51/jaimeiaz.jpg
3134	Eogh	2013-04-11	^ haha, that definitely qualifies as a grimace
3135	AliKat	2013-04-11	I love Jaime and Brienne scenes. The actors have such chemistry in interviews you can tell they really just love to give each other grief in real life too and its translating wonderfully on screen. They're just awesome together.
3136	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	I liked them too, although I wish Jaime would use the word wench from time to time. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Really, they are excellent together.Definitely agree!  Especially with the wanting more use of "wench", though, because one of my very favorite lines from the book is when Jaime jumps in the bear pit and shouts, "Brienne, her name is Brienne!"  Without the continued use of "wench" I'm afraid that'll take away it's punch.  (AND if they leave it out entirely, I'll throw something at the TV!)  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3137	Darryk	2013-04-11	yeah some really entertaining dialogue and great performances by the two.
Just wish there had been one or two conversations showing Jaime's love for his siblings, and how alive he feels with a sword in his hand, like there was in the book. Maybe they'll come later.
3138	Dove	2013-04-11	Definitely agree!  Especially with the wanting more use of "wench", though, because one of my very favorite lines from the book is when Jaime jumps in the bear pit and shouts, "Brienne, her name is Brienne!"  Without the continued use of "wench" I'm afraid that'll take away it's punch.  (AND if they leave it out entirely, I'll throw something at the TV!) /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I completely forgot about this! And here I thought people were just being pedantic when they complained about no "wench."Clearly I need to re-read this book, because that moment was amazing. Hopefully they can do it justice.
3139	jugdesh258	2013-04-11	Yeah a big point was made in the books about how, despite being so weakened after his captivity and also chained at the hands, Jaime still gave Brienne the fight of her life. I was really gutted this didnt come across at all on the show. It just made Jaime seem like a fraud considering his comments about only 3 men in the kingdoms possibly being able to stand a chance against him in a fight - the TV fans will just think he's all talk now.Well.... if we take the leap that one of those 3 men might be Loras Tyrell, then Jaime was not aware that Brienne bested Loras when he was making that boast.
3140	Elba the Intoner	2013-04-11	I also love these two together and the actors are perfect!  Watching them will definitely be one of the highlights of this season. But I just want to join in with those who are wondering why they have not had Jaime call Brienne "wench" at all.  The wench-kingslayer exchanges are important to their character development as it shows how their feelings change regarding each other when he starts calling her Brienne and she starts calling him Jaime. The scene mentioned above when he jumps into the bear pit is one great example of this and later when he smacks Red Ronnet upside the head is another one.  I just don't get why they would leave it out.  It's not like it would be hard to write in and besides it's really funny how they start out yelling wench - kingslayer back and forth to each other knowing that it just bugs the heck out of the other one.
3141	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-12	Well.... if we take the leap that one of those 3 men might be Loras Tyrell, then Jaime was not aware that Brienne bested Loras when he was making that boast.This has been done to death but I don't think Jaime respects Loras' swordsmanship much, he is a tourney knight who is best at jousting. Barristan, the Hound and Gregor/Randyll Tarly would be my guesses.
3142	Rapsie	2013-04-12	The Jaime / Brienne storyline has been adapted very well and is really really enjoyable to watch. One of the best adapted parts of the story so far.
3143	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-12	I also love these two together and the actors are perfect!  Watching them will definitely be one of the highlights of this season. But I just want to join in with those who are wondering why they have not had Jaime call Brienne "wench" at all.  The wench-kingslayer exchanges are important to their character development as it shows how their feelings change regarding each other when he starts calling her Brienne and she starts calling him Jaime. The scene mentioned above when he jumps into the bear pit is one great example of this and later when he smacks Red Ronnet upside the head is another one.  I just don't get why they would leave it out.  It's not like it would be hard to write in and besides it's really funny how they start out yelling wench - kingslayer back and forth to each other knowing that it just bugs the heck out of the other one.ITA, they need to get in some Wench and Kingslayer in the Jaime and Brienne dialogue, and how it changes as their respect and feelings change.Also, I just wanted to say....I absolutely LOVE Jaime clocking Red Ronnet with his golden hand.  I just reread that not too long ago, and it's always a highlight for me to get to read.Another thing, granted, it'd take awhile, but I just LOVE the parlay with Jaime and The Blackfish later on.  I do hope they include some of that.  I saw the video HBO posted with new characters and I must say, hearing the actor talk about The Blackfish has given me lots of hope for that character.  That negotiation is one of my favorite parts of the books.  "Sieges are deadly dull"  LOL
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 12 April 2013 - 10:57 AM.
3144	Katydid	2013-04-13	ITA, they need to get in some Wench and Kingslayer in the Jaime and Brienne dialogue, and how it changes as their respect and feelings change.Also, I just wanted to say....I absolutely LOVE Jaime clocking Red Ronnet with his golden hand.  I just reread that not too long ago, and it's always a highlight for me to get to read.And Jaime does that because Ronnet is disrespecting Brienne's physical appearance, even using the word "wench" - - something Jaime had done from the beginning.  It was a great example of the bond that forms between Jaime and Brienne, the respect and even (dare I say it?) affection they develop for one another.They've got Brienne calling him "Kingslayer" often enough.  I just don't understand the loss of the word "wench" from Jaime in these scripts.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3145	go joff go	2013-04-13	Its probably b/c wench is a really awkward word and while its fun reading it, I'm not sure it wouldn't sound kind of silly on screen, and I think they have used the word beast instead of wench.  Other examples of this are HAR, for winterfell, etc.  Honestly I think D&D have done a pretty good, although not perfect job or weeding out phases/actions that sound/look kind of corny in an eye-rolling way to show watchers, that book readers wouldn't mind.
3146	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-13	Its probably b/c wench is a really awkward word and while its fun reading it, I'm not sure it wouldn't sound kind of silly on screen, and I think they have used the word beast instead of wench.  Other examples of this are HAR, for winterfell, etc.  Honestly I think D&D have done a pretty good, although not perfect job or weeding out phases/actions that sound/look kind of corny in an eye-rolling way to show watchers, that book readers wouldn't mind.I don't know, I find it hard to believe they can't squeeze wench in, Seven Save Us..but they certainly don't seem to mind throwing the word cunt in all the friggin time. And, I'm going to be heartbroken if we don't get lots of HARs out of Tormund.  I did notice, not much in the Heh department from The Late Lord Frey, but we'll be seeing lots more of Tormund.  I'm hoping for some HAR HAR HAR with Tormund, My fav Man O' The Free Folk.
3147	Newstar	2013-04-13	Its probably b/c wench is a really awkward word and while its fun reading it, I'm not sure it wouldn't sound kind of silly on screen, and I think they have used the word beast instead of wench.I agree. For the average TV viewer, "wench" is probably evocative of busty tavern ladies and little else. It's one of those things that works in the books but would never work on screen (much like Renly's Rainbow Guard).Kind of loved Jaime's flirty delivery of "You move well, for a great beast of a woman." So cute.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 13 April 2013 - 11:36 AM.
3148	Jaime's Wench	2013-04-13	I agree. For the average TV viewer, "wench" is probably evocative of busty tavern ladies and little else.Did someone mention me?I am still oohing and aaahing about Jaime/Brienne in the tv series. I fell in love with Jaime at the beginning of book one three and if I was a viewer, I wouldn't be falling in love with him right now. I understand the need to adapt, but the sword fight was underwhelming and staged, and for any casual viewer who had forgotten how Jaime was in season 1, they'd think he was a lame to average fighter. This, of course, makes the upcoming scene about you-know-what lose significance for those viewers.Having said that, NCW can deliver a quip and the quips they've used for the series have fitted Jaime's personality. They need to really work on the other side of Jaime now - the bathtub scene in Harrenhal, and preferably a couple of others, needs to show there's something behind the (apparently false) bravado and dry quips.
					
					
							Edited by Jaime's Wench, 13 April 2013 - 11:45 AM.
3149	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-13	I don't know, I find it hard to believe they can't squeeze wench in, Seven Save Us..but they certainly don't seem to mind throwing the word cunt in all the friggin time.And, I'm going to be heartbroken if we don't get lots of HARs out of Tormund.  I did notice, not much in the Heh department from The Late Lord Frey, but we'll be seeing lots more of Tormund.  I'm hoping for some HAR HAR HAR with Tormund, My fav Man O' The Free Folk.I can't say too much for the specific word 'wench' but in general it's pretty common to try to balance things that fit for the time period but also give the appropriate reaction to modern viewers.The great show Deadwood is a great example. There's a ton of swearing in that show and there was a ton of swearing among such people back in the day as well. The difference was that the swearing back then was of the religious kind and the comparatively chocking language today (where the series was likely to be shown) is of the sexual kind, so they switched it to that in order for the viewers to get the more authentic reactions, rather than the most authentic language.
3150	I do not sew	2013-04-13	The Jaime / Brienne storyline has been adapted very well and is really really enjoyable to watch. One of the best adapted parts of the story so far.I'd say next to Theon it's the best, very much so.
3151	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	Any ideas about what are they up to? The Sansa marriage proposal to a Tyrell didn't happen here (probably being saved for later), so they couldn't have leaked that.
3152	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	to me it looked like general protection. I assume that anytime a royal is outside or moving about the castle they have gaurds about them.
Were they present at the lunch scene? i didn't spot them.
3153	Mladen	2013-04-08	Well, there were guards also in episode 1 at the docks. Since Sansa is a hostage, it`s quite normal she has guards to look after her. Not to run away or something like that.
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 08 April 2013 - 03:53 AM.
3154	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	Interesting to note that they were there down at the docks as well. Might be that they'll be around constantly, perhaps as a symbol of the Lannister's power over Sansa.
3155	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	They're around constantly because Sansa is a PRISONER.  Do you think they would allow her to take two steps outside of her room without a guard on her tail?
3156	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	I just assumed the guards were watching the prisoner. Strange there weren't any when she was with the Queen of Thorns and Marg though, if she'd been able to sneak a dagger in there and if she was a lot more hostile that could've been ugly. I would have expected the guards to watch her more so when at the table then when she was walking with Loras, a member of the kingsguard. But I guess if the guards had been watching her at the table she wouldn't have talked at all so... yeah.
3157	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I just assumed the guards were watching the prisoner. Strange there weren't any when she was with the Queen of Thorns and Marg though, if she'd been able to sneak a dagger in there and if she was a lot more hostile that could've been ugly. I would have expected the guards to watch her more so when at the table then when she was walking with Loras, a member of the kingsguard. But I guess if the guards had been watching her at the table she wouldn't have talked at all so... yeah.Loras hasn't joined the Kingsguard yet.
3158	Balefont	2013-04-08	I just assumed the guards were watching the prisoner. Strange there weren't any when she was with the Queen of Thorns and Marg though, if she'd been able to sneak a dagger in there and if she was a lot more hostile that could've been ugly. I would have expected the guards to watch her more so when at the table then when she was walking with Loras, a member of the kingsguard. But I guess if the guards had been watching her at the table she wouldn't have talked at all so... yeah.I think the ladies of Highgarden would have been quite insulted, at the very least, if Lannister guards presumed to "watch over" their luncheon.  Particularly when they (Highgarden) have their own house guards.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 08 April 2013 - 04:49 AM.
3159	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	I think the ladies of Highgarden would have been quite insulted, at the very least, if Lannister guards presumed to "watch over" their luncheon.  Particularly when they (Highgarden) have their own house guards.Yeah, QoT would not have allowed them any where near that table or conversation.  The guards can follow her where ever, but I assumed we were seeing into the manor that the Tyrells were staying at so the Lannister guards would have been stopped at the front door.Unfortunately we didn't get to see Butterbumps in that scene, was looking forward to that.
3160	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	I hope we are going to see Left and Right /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3161	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-08	If Sansa could be taken around without guard there wouldn't really have to be much of a story line to let her escape from King's Landing.
3162	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	You see a quick glimpse of Sansa looking at a Lanny gaurd in ep1 too before LF comes to talk with her.
3163	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	They're around constantly because Sansa is a PRISONER.  Do you think they would allow her to take two steps outside of her room without a guard on her tail?Correct.
3164	Crown	2013-04-08	I hope we are going to see Left and Right /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Wouldn't expect that, if I were you.
3165	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	If you pay attention during the scene when Sansa is talking to Olenna, at one or two points when they're doing a close up shot of Sansa, you can see a guard standing at the entrance of the garden.  He's not there when she first goes into the garden, so it's safe to assume it's one of her escorts taking up a position there.  Just look for the flash of red cloak.
3166	Damar	2013-04-08	When Loras arrives, they're revealed to be standing guard outside her door.
Would've been nice if those two became characters with Sansa interacting with them, but than more time that could've been spent on other characters or events would be wasted
3167	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-08	I could care less that they haven't cast Left yet.
Right, on the other hand, is one of my favorite minor characters.
There's just something vaguely sinister or awkward about Left.
3168	Nictarion	2013-04-11	Well, there were guards also in episode 1 at the docks. Since Sansa is a hostage, it`s quite normal she has guards to look after her. Not to run away or something like that.That's what I took from it.
3169	mafalda	2013-04-11	I hope we get to see Highgarden one day. It sounds like it would be quite a pretty place.
3170	Snowman3131	2013-04-11	At any rate, the Lannister guards can report back to Cersi/Joff that Sansa when to talk with them. "About what I wonder?" It doesn't play well for Sansa and she needs to have a good excuse when asked.
I thought in the books that's when the QoT asked her to marry a Tyrell and that was good cover for Sansa and the impetus (yes IMP) for Tywin making her marrying Tyrion.
3171	Envie	2013-04-11	Well, in the books, the entire luncheon was carefully orchestrated to be a cover-up so no suspicions were raised. Butterbumps and the loud "A BEAR, A BEAR!" singing along with all the 'cackling of the hens' was intentional to drown out the conversation and questioning of Sansa. They did not make the TV version nearly as chaotic or funny (sadly) so the fact that Sansa is left relatively alone with Olenna and Margaery isn't quite as convincing. I'm guessing the two guards following closely is to remind watchers that Sansa is definitely still a Lannister prisoner.
3172	King Tyrion I	2013-04-13	Yeah, QoT would not have allowed them any where near that table or conversation.  The guards can follow her where ever, but I assumed we were seeing into the manor that the Tyrells were staying at so the Lannister guards would have been stopped at the front door.Unfortunately we didn't get to see Butterbumps in that scene, was looking forward to that.I agree to this.
3173	sati	2013-04-13	Any ideas about what are they up to? The Sansa marriage proposal to a Tyrell didn't happen here (probably being saved for later), so they couldn't have leaked that.I think they just showed them to remind the audience that Sansa is being watched, it was probably to justify her paranoid reactions during scene with Tyrells.
3174	WinterKing	2013-04-08	My friends liked it better tan ep. 1.
3175	Crown	2013-04-08	''Will Bran ever walk again, because he's pretty important, right?'' - Mom
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 08 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
3176	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	My husband thinks that Theon is being held by his father/Ironborn. I think this might be the consensus among non-readers ... guess the ruse is working. lol
3177	Chuck88	2013-04-08	My sister was relieved to see Simon from 'Misfits' there to help poor Theon.
Oh dear.
3178	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	My sister was relieved to see Simon from 'Misfits' there to help poor Theon.Oh dear.*cackles*
3179	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	My sister was relieved to see Simon from 'Misfits' there to help poor Theon.Oh dear.LOLSome friends think that Sansa is puting herself in danger after she said the truth about Joffrey.
3180	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-08	My husband, every time he sees Joffrey, keeps saying "I just want someone to kill that little bastard!" I am biting my tongue so hard!
3181	hombay	2013-04-08	My brother thinks Theon will escape with "the man that his sister sent" and that he will only screw up in the future.
He also suspects that Robb is going to lose, but not that he is going to die. He has no clue about what Bolton is up to.
3182	Mladen	2013-04-08	My colleague said to me that he thinks Margaery will save Sansa because she told her the truth. I couldn`t tell him the truth, let he live in oblivion for a year /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3183	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-08	"Robb should team up with Khaleesi"
From the same person who earlier this year said that he was looking forward to GoT because they had been killing off his favorites on other shows...
3184	waaimasjien	2013-04-08	My boyfriend thinks Joffrey is gay.
3185	shiola	2013-04-08	My friend liked it more than episode 1.  He loves Olenna and thinks the Reeds are alright but doesn't understand why I like them so much.  He thinks Margaery is going to kill Joffrey.
3186	shiola	2013-04-08	"Robb should team up with Khaleesi"From the same person who earlier this year said that he was looking forward to GoT because they had been killing off his favorites on other shows...Oh sweet summer child! That is too funny /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3187	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	A friend of mine said it's odd that the show did not add a nude scene in this episode.Oh sweet summer child! That is too funny /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Off topic, but you've got a cool avatar there. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
					
					
							Edited by Sheira Seastar, 08 April 2013 - 04:09 PM.
3188	Loras	2013-04-08	My partner thinks that Olenna is just like his mother (he is right!), he feels really sorry for Cat and was really glad that Arya showed up this episode!
3189	shiola	2013-04-08	A friend of mine said it's odd that the show did not add a nude scene in this episode.Off topic, but you've got a cool avatar there. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />Why thank you!I was actually okay with no nude scene.
3190	Princess Shireen	2013-04-08	"Robb should team up with Khaleesi"From the same person who earlier this year said that he was looking forward to GoT because they had been killing off his favorites on other shows...Delurking just for this.I watch with my brother who hasn't read the books. He predicts, conversely, that Daenerys' dragons 'will destroy Robb's army.'He also said that he knows Bran will walk again, and thinks it will probably be due to 'that red woman and her fire magic.'Third prediction - Margaery will kill Joffrey with his own crossbow.
3191	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	My mother's favorite character was Dany and she had a small fit when she didn't pop up in this episode.
However she was extremely pleased to see Arya, Jamie and Brienne again.
'Oh look its the funny man and the big woman!'
She also predicts that Robb is going to win the war against the Lannisters after getting enough troops from Riverrun and they will team up with Dany. I asked 'What about the Frey's?' she replied, 'Who the f*** are they?'
					
					
							Edited by KoishNoish, 08 April 2013 - 05:07 PM.
3192	kevin1989	2013-04-08	My sister was relieved to see Simon from 'Misfits' there to help poor Theon.Oh dear.The irony.My husband, every time he sees Joffrey, keeps saying "I just want someone to kill that little bastard!" I am biting my tongue so hard!What did you say to him?My boyfriend thinks Joffrey is gay.I think he is a-sexual. He doesn't have any sexual feelings, I think.Oh sweet summer child! That is too funny /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Luckily no favorite of mine got killed in the show. Yes i liked robb and Cat and Ned, but they weren't by far my favorites.Delurking just for this.I watch with my brother who hasn't read the books. He predicts, conversely, that Daenerys' dragons 'will destroy Robb's army.'He also said that he knows Bran will walk again, and thinks it will probably be due to 'that red woman and her fire magic.'Third prediction - Margaery will kill Joffrey with his own crossbow.That sweet summer child. Tell him that winter is coming.She also predicts that Robb is going to win the war against the Lannisters after getting enough troops from Riverrun and they will team up with Dany. I asked 'What about the Frey's?' she replied, 'Who the f*** are they?'that's exactly the reason why the frey's are so proud because nobody thinks they are important.
3193	The Lion of Valyria	2013-04-08	Hmm... don't talk about the show with anyone, but looking on twitter and tumblr, it seems like some people are now shipping Bran and Jojen.  Which, considering Jojen's possible fate, well...  that would be rather tragic.
3194	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	My boyfriend thinks Joffrey is gay.They may have unintentionally conveyed this over the past two seasons for some viewers. But I think the point is he's just a total psychopath that's not turned on by women, he's turned on by brutality and killing. Definitely not gay, just definitely not into women in the sexual sense. His crossbow is basically a penis replacement.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 08 April 2013 - 06:18 PM.
3195	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	a lot of my friends are dissapointed that Tyrion is not getting as much attention or screen time as in season 1 and 2. its understandable since he was pretty much the main character of season 2, and he is sort of underplayed in the first half of the third book.
3196	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	My parents loved Olenna, said she was hilarious and snobby. 
They were really weirded out by Orell and his eagle buddy, "what's with the eyes?!" they said.
3197	morky	2013-04-08	my buddy said that this episode was boring and that he hopes next episode is better. We both really enjoyed the first episode. While I liked this one, I though the first was better. We both weren't that thrilled with the Brienne and Jamie fight( I just watched Troy the same day, and the Achilles and Hector scene just puts J&B to shame). He thinks Margaery is going to kill Joffrey and he is wondering what the "Frey guy" is going to say about Robb marrying Talisa.
3198	teemo	2013-04-08	i've heard people think joffrey is gay, margaery/olenna will get sansa in trouble, "why is there so little tyrion?" etc...
					
					
							Edited by barbie, 08 April 2013 - 11:21 PM.
3199	WinterKing	2013-04-09	Another friend tought that Theon will be saved by Bran.
3200	shiola	2013-04-09	i've heard people think joffrey is gay, margaery/olenna will get sansa in trouble, "why is there so little tyrion?" etc...i see what they did there
3201	MoAt	2013-04-09	My husband, every time he sees Joffrey, keeps saying "I just want someone to kill that little bastard!" I am biting my tongue so hard!This! ALL of my non-book friends are, "When does that fucker DIE?? It better be SOON, I'm getting so tired of him!"Delurking just for this.I watch with my brother who hasn't read the books. He predicts, conversely, that Daenerys' dragons 'will destroy Robb's army.'He also said that he knows Bran will walk again, and thinks it will probably be due to 'that red woman and her fire magic.'Third prediction - Margaery will kill Joffrey with his own crossbow.Love your avatar! Shiny!
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 09 April 2013 - 06:47 PM.
3202	TerpsPwn_387	2013-04-09	I was watching with my buddy who loves the show and is a huge fan of Robb.
This was the conversation when the Boltons found Jaime and Brienne.
Friend:  Wait so Bolton is one of House Stark's banner man right?!?!
Me: Uhhh yyyea......
Friend:  OH F*** YEAH THANK GOD!!!
3203	WinterKing	2013-04-09	I was watching with my buddy who loves the show and is a huge fan of Robb.This was the conversation when the Boltons found Jaime and Brienne.Friend:  Wait so Bolton is one of House Stark's banner man right?!?!Me: Uhhh yyyea......Friend:  OH F*** YEAH THANK GOD!!!A summer knight!
3204	DepecheMaid	2013-04-09	My husband firmly believes that Margaery will kill Sansa and that the Hound will try and kill Arya but then save her because he loves Sansa. very cute.
3205	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-10	I loved this episode better than the premiere, mainly because the transitions from one setting to another were done better, IMO. Also I was smirking the whole time Olenna and Margaery were talking to Sansa. My mom kept asking me why, hahaha. I was also surprised that they dropped the Cat-tried-to-love-Jon card so late into the story (and with Talisa, too). I almost thought they're repairing the damage done to Cat's character. I'm not really bothered about that since I understand where Cat is coming from.
My mom's reaction (she's my GoT buddy): "Where's Rickon?" and "What is this warg thing?"
The warg stuff was much more difficult to explain without spoilers because it was so different from the books. She also thought Bran would walk again.
3206	teemo	2013-04-10	finally got my close friend to watch it, he's not a huge fan by any means but will watch it with me and has seen them all...he was shocked that Jon Snow was really breaking his vows (had to explain - apparently he's not the only one to miss that) and complained about there not being more Jon Snow during the KL scenes, which he found a bit confusing and tedious.
But he actually liked it more than most of last season, which he didnt like except for the blackwater episode. I think he'll get more into it when there's more fighting and the Hound.  His interest has waned since the two main "manly men" were killed off (Robert and Ned). i'm scared to show him episode 2 because i think he may be bored to tears, lol. didn't recognize barristan at all...thought it was a new character.
					
					
							Edited by barbie, 10 April 2013 - 01:31 AM.
3207	thewalkindude19	2013-04-10	'Oh look its the funny man and the big woman!'That sounds just like my mum! XDMy non-reader friends enjoyed the episode. One loved Thoros in particular, and they both said they got a definite gay/hero worship vibe off Jojen.
3208	Titus Pullo	2013-04-10	my GF kept saying "Thoros of Myr? ... he's been mentioned a few times!"
3209	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-10	My bro thinks Theon was brought back to the Iron Islands and being punished for taking Winterfell on his own command.
3210	MyLady	2013-04-10	My boyfriend's reaction when I mentioned not all main characters appeared every episode and that the last one had some of my favourite characters in it: 
"Yeah, but where's Jaqen H'ghar?! I'm looking forward to seeing him again"
Ouch..
Also he's very confused as to where Theon is right now and who's torturing him.
3211	Error	2013-04-10	He could've looked closer then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> The last scene with Theon ends with a shot of him hanging on the "cross", with his head down, slowly fading out. Just like this (not upside down though)http://images4.wikia...olton-sigil.jpg
Not long after you see the Boltons catching Jaime/Brienne, and almost every rider is equipped with ^ that banner.
					
					
							Edited by Error, 10 April 2013 - 09:59 AM.
3212	Sun	2013-04-10	My family loved ep2. They were meh on ep1, except for the Tywin/Tyrion scene.Their suspicions regarding Robb being toast from last season have only been further confirmed. They're now betting on how he will die, and who will kill him. No one's guessed the how and who correctly... yet.  After ep 2, some of them now think Catelyn is slated to die as well. It's really hard for me not to give anything away with a knowing smirk. I do try, though.
3213	aedalia	2013-04-10	My friend at work thought it was a little dull and prefers action. I told him action is coming.
He also thinks Arya will sit on the Iron Throne if Dany doesn't.
Like many of your friends, he also thinks Bran will walk again.
I'm thoroughly enjoying watching with him. In the first season, I was the noob who hadn't read the books.
3214	Dove	2013-04-10	Oh, man. My roommate's favorite character is Theon, she's positive that he's been held by the ironborn/Balon and that his sister is genuinely trying to get him out through "Boy"  ... and she has a gigantic crush/fondness for Iwan Rheon.
This storyline is gonna break her heart. I think I'm looking forward to her reaction almost as much as seeing the stuff myself, it's a blast watching this show with people who don't know what's coming.
3215	Er Rn	2013-04-10	I don't know anyone who watches the show who hasn't read the books (or who hasn't been heavily spoiled) but over on the TV Without Pity site a lot of the totally unspoiled viewers (unsullied) are sure that the Reeds are bad news (Jojen in particular) and are up to no good with Bran and Rickon.
3216	MoAt	2013-04-10	I don't know anyone who watches the show who hasn't read the books (or who hasn't been heavily spoiled) but over on the TV Without Pity site a lot of the totally unspoiled viewers (unsullied) are sure that the Reeds are bad news (Jojen in particular) and are up to no good with Bran and Rickon.Awe! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3217	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	My friends and family all love it because they aren't jaded, may be a little confusing at times but that's about it.
It is the best show on TV right now.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 06:56 PM.
3218	Hoo	2013-04-10	Oh, man. My roommate's favorite character is Theon, she's positive . . that his sister is genuinely trying to get him out through "Boy"I was left with the same impression after the episode.
3219	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-11	I missMy friend at work thought it was a little dull and prefers action. I told him action is coming.He also thinks Arya will sit on the Iron Throne if Dany doesn't.Like many of your friends, he also thinks Bran will walk again.I'm thoroughly enjoying watching with him. In the first season, I was the noob who hadn't read the books.I miss being the noob. A friend of mine is just watching S01 and he just sent me a message "NEEEED!!! JOFFREY!!! SHIIIT!!!". Cute.
3220	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-11	He could've looked closer then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> The last scene with Theon ends with a shot of him hanging on the "cross", with his head down, slowly fading out. Just like this (not upside down though)http://images4.wikia...olton-sigil.jpgNot long after you see the Boltons catching Jaime/Brienne, and almost every rider is equipped with ^ that banner.None of the non-readers I've spoken to about the episode seemed to put those two things together...Which is kind of surprising because its pretty blatant. Can't wait for the Ramsay Snow reveal thats coming in the next episode or two!
3221	a shadow	2013-04-11	it's a blast watching this show with people who don't know what's coming.*envy*
3222	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-11	What did you say to him?Nothing, I am forbidden from even starting any sentence with the words, "But in the book...."  LOL! No book talk until AFTER the season is over.  My husband was also really upset with Sansa for spilling the beans with the Tyrells. He thinks it means big trouble for Sansa.  My Dad thinks Arya is going to save the whole world on the show and thinks she'll be reuniting with her family soon. I can't wait to see his reaction to a certain episode.Neither my Dad or Hubby are even remotely clued into Littlefinger, which I think is kinda cool b/c that's exactly how Littlefinger in the books would want it.I also think the first wedding is going to really shock them. It'll be fun!
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 11 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
3223	aedalia	2013-04-11	I can't wait until we get a few more episodes in. My bf only made it part way through book 3, so soon, he's going to be in the shock zone. He spoilered himself on the RW, but only knows half of it.
3224	teemo	2013-04-11	new message from a friend: "Thought the second episode of thrones was better. Still not much action but at least the scenes had purpose. Hound and the little girl are 2 of my favorites"
3225	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	My friend is absolutely adamant about not wanting to know even the teeniest of details that would spoil the books for her when she reads them later on.  But this week when we talked about the 4/7 episode, she said she really thought Robb was going to win the war, after all.    Oops -- I had a helluva time keeping a straight face on that one!
3226	-Ghost-	2013-04-11	2 of my friends that havent read thought that the NW won the battle with the Others after the first episode and think its confusing with so many characters all over the place.
3227	kevin1989	2013-04-11	Nothing, I am forbidden from even starting any sentence with the words, "But in the book...."  LOL! No book talk until AFTER the season is over.  My husband was also really upset with Sansa for spilling the beans with the Tyrells. He thinks it means big trouble for Sansa.  My Dad thinks Arya is going to save the whole world on the show and thinks she'll be reuniting with her family soon. I can't wait to see his reaction to a certain episode.Neither my Dad or Hubby are even remotely clued into Littlefinger, which I think is kinda cool b/c that's exactly how Littlefinger in the books would want it.I also think the first wedding is going to really shock them. It'll be fun!First wedding as in RW of S&T?
3228	the quarterman	2013-04-12	friend one - "joffrey's a perv..."
friend two - "what joffrey's marrying the cleavage girl, I thought he was already married to Sansa?"
mother - "don't tell them Sansa, it's gunna come back and bite you in the ass..."
3229	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	The warg stuff was much more difficult to explain without spoilers because it was so different from the books. She also thought Bran would walk again.I have found a way to describe it without spoilers...I just make a reference to the Red Comet and say that it appeared at about the the time the three dragons were born. Magic used to be widespread in the world but had died away. Since the Red Comet, magic is returning to the world and growing stronger (Melisandre's abilities, Dragons, Warging, Green Sight). I even make the point of saying that the 'big ball of fire' in the opening credits is the Comet looking down on the world. It all makes perfect sense to them then and no hint of spoilers involved.
3230	Tone	2013-04-12	Watching the show with my buddy who hasn't read the books. He also thinks Theon is being held by the Ironborn and thinks "Boy" was sent by Asha. Also thinks the Ironborn burned down Winterfell. 
Thinks that Sansa just screwed herself by badmouthing Joffrey to QoT/Margaery.
Thinks Dany will be in Westeros as soon as she gets the Unsullied...
And sadly thinks Bran is the only Stark with warg abilities.
3231	Plume	2013-04-12	My boyfriend thinks that Robb made a mistake with Talisa because he broke his word to marry Lord Frey's daughter but remains confident it's not that big of a deal ...
He thinks that:
- War will start this season with Dany joining Westeros with her army lol
-  Shae will play a big role in protecting Sansa
-  Joffrey will be influenced by Margaery and become less cruel, but will die anyway because he's a little sh*t
3232	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-12	My dad knows the larger picture of the books (he likes spoilers, the weirdo), not to mention he had to put up with me when I first read the books back in high school. Still, it's funny when stuff happens that he either hasn't heard about or didn't properly understand.
He thought Ramsay Bolton was the guy torturing Theon. Teeheehehe.
I asked him what he thought about Littlefinger, since Littlefinger comes across as less intelligent to me in the show than in the book. I guess the TV is doing it's thing because he goes "Oh, I can't ever forgive the bastard for betraying Ned, but he's super devious and obviously smarter than almost everyone else."
He has a strange fondness for the Mountain because he "taught the Knight of Pansies some manners." Half to piss me off, he launched a cracktheory about the Mountain teaming up with Stannis to conquer Westeros. I told him he should write slashfic. Not entirely understanding slash, he replied "Fine! I'll write that and you can put it on Facebook!" 
My one question for people who think the ironborn are holding Theon--wouldn't he be able to recognize his own people? I know he's been gone awhile but he should be able to place the accent.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 12 April 2013 - 07:07 PM.
3233	Alys Karstark	2013-04-12	When my non-reader friend saw shirtless Joffrey in front of Cersei, she laughed and her comment was "Don't show a topless Lannister in front of Cersei. She might be tempted!"
Thanks for the mental image... Cersei and Joffrey...
3234	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	When my non-reader friend saw shirtless Joffrey in front of Cersei, she laughed and her comment was "Don't show a topless Lannister in front of Cersei. She might be tempted!"Thanks for the mental image... Cersei and Joffrey...So that's why she is so jealous of Margaery.
3235	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-12	When my non-reader friend saw shirtless Joffrey in front of Cersei, she laughed and her comment was "Don't show a topless Lannister in front of Cersei. She might be tempted!"Thanks for the mental image... Cersei and Joffrey...So that's why she is so jealous of Margaery.You know guys that these can't be unread? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3236	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-13	First Lancel, then Joffrey -- all the non-Jaime men in her life make cracks about her age.
3237	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-11	Don't see a thread on these guys, which is a surprise. For me they were the best new introductions of the episode, if not the series. Paul Kaye as Thoros bossed the screen whenever he made an appearance and Anguy was a bit of a character too. And we're still yet to meet their real leader /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Wouldn't mind seeing more of these guys in the future, even though they don't make many appearances in the books after the Hound/Beric showdown.What did the rest of you think about the BWB?(Random observation: Along with the music that played and the way all the brotherhood slipped through the trees and the ruins, all guerilla tactics and everything.... their introduction reminded me of the eponymous motley crew of soldiers in Inglorious Basterds. Like I say, random /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
3238	tito5601	2013-04-12	yea so far i like them a lot hopefully the writers can make up some new parts for them that arent in the books so that they can be more involved i wouldnt mind that at all if it made sense to the story
3239	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	They were great. Thoros is almost Jack Sparrow-ish in a good way. I'm a bit concerned about Beric for some reason, but I hope we see a lot more of those guys.
3240	BananaSpice	2013-04-07	I HAVE SO MANY FEELINGS ABOUT THIS.
I'm so glad that he's in the show and Alfie Allen is amazing, but that was brutal!!  I loved so many things about his two short scenes, though ...
I love that they reminded viewers that he was a prisoner at Winterfell. I love how they already seem to be setting up an unhealthy Stockholm Syndrome relationship between Theon and (unnamed character who is obviously Ramsay) - "Please don't leave me!" I'm really impressed.
I understand that this is confusing to non-book-readers, though ... my husband thinks that Theon is being kept by his father / Ironborn since Ramsay mentioned his sister.
Ahhh so good! I loved so many things in this episode!!!
3241	imjudit	2013-04-08	I LOVED how they managed to create a bit of mistery around what is happening to Theon. The non-book readers will be astonished when they learn the truth!
3242	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	I'm actually just glad they're showing his torture at all. Just hearing about it via inner thought flashbacks wasn't nearly as satisfying.
Yeah, I don't like Theon.
3243	Hellfell	2013-04-08	Theon is my favourite character so is "Boy". It's the most thrilling storyline for me to follow /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3244	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I'm actually just glad they're showing his torture at all. Just hearing about it via inner thought flashbacks wasn't nearly as satisfying.Yeah, I don't like Theon.GTFO. haha jk /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Theon is definitely my second favorite ... or heck, tied for my favorite (w/ Dany!) I'm so happy with what I've seen so far ... I don't even care that it might be confusing to non-readers /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I'm really aggravated at a lot of reviewers / ppl who think he is getting what he deserves. No. Just no.
3245	hollowcrown	2013-04-08	Great to see him. The 2 book cliffhanger from after Clash to Dance was just too much to bear!
3246	ebcarlton	2013-04-08	I liked how he was screaming "Take it off!  Just take it off!"  Foreshadowing of other amputations...
3247	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I liked how he was screaming "Take it off!  Just take it off!"  Foreshadowing of other amputations...Ooooh, nice catch!! I didn't even think about that.
3248	kevin1989	2013-04-08	Theon is my favorite character in the books and I hope they will show the truth in the show, that Theon's only crime is taking over Winterfell. and that the body's wasn't his work. Because this episode it looks like he hated the Starks, but that wasn't the case in the books. He just wanted to prove himself to his father.
3249	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Theon is my favorite character in the books and I hope they will show the truth in the show, that Theon's only crime is taking over Winterfell. and that the body's wasn't his work. Because this episode it looks like he hated the Starks, but that wasn't the case in the books. He just wanted to prove himself to his father.I didn't get the sense from this episode that he actually hated the Starks ... it definitely seemed more that he was just rambling and saying anything to try to get the torture to stop. I think it's pretty clear in the show that while he isn't super close to the Starks, he was pretty close to Robb. I just like that they harp on the fact that he was a prisoner/hostage ... I have seen a couple reviews recently where ppl say "ward" and I'm like hmmmmmnooo. I mean, I hate to be crazy picky person, but that's actually a huge defining part of his character.
3250	End of Disc One	2013-04-08	Theon has long been my favorite character.  Sucks that most people I talk to hate him and think he gets what he deserves.
3251	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Well, I liked the Theon scenes so far. I can, however, see how people who never read the book can think that he's only getting what he deserves. Specially since the show very likelly won't go to the point of torture they went on the books (putting him right into wooby territory), they must be really careful to make us root for Theon again after what he did to the Starks.
Even in the books, I thought he deserved everything he got before he became basically broken (losing Winterfell, being capture, etc). Even if Theon was executed, I'd probably go like "you looked for it, pal". But the torture obviously was too much for any human being. If they don't get really bold real fast and show the whole mutilation thing, it could look like "the villain Theon" "got what he deserved".
3252	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Well, I liked the Theon scenes so far. I can, however, see how people who never read the book can think that he's only getting what he deserves. Specially since the show very likelly won't go to the point of torture they went on the books (putting him right into wooby territory), they must be really careful to make us root for Theon again after what he did to the Starks.Even in the books, I thought he deserved everything he got before he became basically broken (losing Winterfell, being capture, etc). Even if Theon was executed, I'd probably go like "you looked for it, pal". But the torture obviously was too much for any human being. If they don't get really bold real fast and show the whole mutilation thing, it could look like "the villain Theon" "got what he deserved".Boo, I've never thought of Theon as a villain, tbh. He's one of the most complex characters on the show. People just have their "Stark blinders" on, I think.
3253	shiola	2013-04-08	Theon has long been my favorite character.  Sucks that most people I talk to hate him and think he gets what he deserves.People who think that, I've found, are the ones who haven't taken the time to delve into his mind.  Either because they don't want to or they don't know how.  Theon is fantastic.  No one deserves what Theon gets in the books.  No one.  (Sans Mad King and Ramsay, maybe. )
3254	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	People who think that, I've found, are the ones who haven't taken the time to delve into his mind.  Either because they don't want to or they don't know how.  Theon is fantastic.  No one deserves what Theon gets in the books.  No one.  (Sans Mad King and Ramsay, maybe. )Theon IS fantastic!!
3255	DragonAge93	2013-04-08	I hope they do go the full lengths of torture like in the book, not because I hate Theon (one of my favorites in season 2, and Alfie is an amazing actor), but because him getting all those parts removed will be so gruesome that people will feel sorry for him in the end. But doesn't Theon get his teeth torn out? I can't recall, but I'm sure he did, and if he did, how would they portray that in the show, having Alfie around with no teeth?
3256	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I hope they do go the full lengths of torture like in the book, not because I hate Theon (one of my favorites in season 2, and Alfie is an amazing actor), but because him getting all those parts removed will be so gruesome that people will feel sorry for him in the end. But doesn't Theon get his teeth torn out? I can't recall, but I'm sure he did, and if he did, how would they portray that in the show, having Alfie around with no teeth?Guessing it will be gruesome, but also toned down for the sake of not having to be crazy w/ CGI ... kind of like Tyrion's face/nose. The physical pain is only a part of the torture for Theon, after all ... if they are heavy on psychological torture as well as physical, I'm ok w/ less deformations in the end.
3257	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-08	what is dead may never die but rises again harder & stronger! theon to reek then back to theon all in season 3?
3258	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	I love the Reek chapters in the 5th book; can't believe we're really going to see (well, not everything) how Theon turned into Reek. Alfie Allen is great for portraying Theon and I'm looking forward for him portraying Reek.
3259	Woftis	2013-04-08	Well, I liked the Theon scenes so far. I can, however, see how people who never read the book can think that he's only getting what he deserves. Specially since the show very likelly won't go to the point of torture they went on the books (putting him right into wooby territory), they must be really careful to make us root for Theon again after what he did to the Starks.Even in the books, I thought he deserved everything he got before he became basically broken (losing Winterfell, being capture, etc). Even if Theon was executed, I'd probably go like "you looked for it, pal". But the torture obviously was too much for any human being. If they don't get really bold real fast and show the whole mutilation thing, it could look like "the villain Theon" "got what he deserved".I agree completely. I mentioned something along these lines a while back.The show fans are really out for blood when it comes to Theon, the show needs to do a good enough job to get people feeling sorry for him and emotionally invested, otherwise, his later arc won't be that great.
3260	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-08	The show fans are really out for blood when it comes to Theon, the show needs to do a good enough job to get people feeling sorry for him and emotionally invested, otherwise, his later arc won't be that great.I think -- I hope anyway (no surprise, given the quote in my signature) -- that they're setting the viewers up to be trolled.  Our first glimpse of Theon's torture in last night's episode is, as far as torture goes, rather tame.  Still well within the bounds of "he had it coming" for the bloodthirsty viewer who wants to see Theon get his.  Starting out at the bottom and gradually escalating, they can "trick" the audience into reveling in Theon's pain and even cheering for his torturers, who appear to be taking Stark vengeance out of Theon's hide.And then they pull the rug out from under the audience, who now has to come to terms with who and what they were actually rooting for all this time.It would fit in with GRRM's own exploration of the Revenge theme/idea in the books.  And even with that scene last night where Cat remembers praying for Jon Snow to die until he got the pox and actually was in danger of really dying at which point she was ashamed of herself and prayed in the other direction.Be Careful What You Wish For, etc.
3261	Jslay427	2013-04-08	Best written character in the books is getting portrayed awesome by Allen, and his story line is amazing.
3262	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-08	I know this is a minor thing but...I cannot get over "Ramsay" not having long hair. For me, it takes away from his demented factor. Again, just a minor issue. 
I have to honestly say, though, that I love how the writers are setting this character up. It all seems to make the viewers believe Ramsay is this previously sympathetic and caring character and then...WAM that all goes out the window.
3263	KingWolf	2013-04-08	I know this is a minor thing but...I cannot get over "Ramsay" not having long hair. For me, it takes away from his demented factor. Again, just a minor issue.I have to honestly say, though, that I love how the writers are setting this character up. It all seems to make the viewers believe Ramsay is this previously sympathetic and caring character and then...WAM that all goes out the window.I kind of like this Ramsay's look because he looks so innocent and unsuspecting.It'll be more scary when he shows his true self.
3264	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-04-08	The torture was awesome!!!
The title of next episode seems to suggest more torture
3265	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	GTFO. haha jk /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Theon is definitely my second favorite ... or heck, tied for my favorite (w/ Dany!) I'm so happy with what I've seen so far ... I don't even care that it might be confusing to non-readers /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I'm really aggravated at a lot of reviewers / ppl who think he is getting what he deserves. No. Just no.Not a fan of Theon, but I loved the scenes in the show.Getting what he deserves would be a quick, painful death.  No one deserves what gets done to him
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 08 April 2013 - 12:41 PM.
3266	shiola	2013-04-08	I'm glad we saw him but I kind of wish we didn't know who was being tortured for a little bit.  But, then again, maybe it would just be too confusing for viewers.  Or maybe they'd figure out it was Theon right away, and there'd be no reveal.
Alfie was brill as always.
3267	kevin1989	2013-04-08	I didn't get the sense from this episode that he actually hated the Starks ... it definitely seemed more that he was just rambling and saying anything to try to get the torture to stop. I think it's pretty clear in the show that while he isn't super close to the Starks, he was pretty close to Robb. I just like that they harp on the fact that he was a prisoner/hostage ... I have seen a couple reviews recently where ppl say "ward" and I'm like hmmmmmnooo. I mean, I hate to be crazy picky person, but that's actually a huge defining part of his character.I know, but that's because we know where it's heading, some don't.
3268	Frumpus	2013-04-08	I thought the Theon scenes were ridiculous fan appeasement and the whole thing with making Ramsay pretend to free him is just pointless filler. I'd rather that time have been used to extend Arya's storyline instead.
3269	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I know, but that's because we know where it's heading, some don't.I don't think so ... I felt bad for Theon after just watching seasons 1 and 2 before I read the books.
3270	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I thought the Theon scenes were ridiculous fan appeasement and the whole thing with making Ramsay pretend to free him is just pointless filler. I'd rather that time have been used to extend Arya's storyline instead.I like the show's portrayal of Theon a million times better than the show's portrayal of Arya, so I'm ok with this, personally.
3271	Abaddon	2013-04-08	I'm really aggravated at a lot of reviewers / ppl who think he is getting what he deserves. No. Just no.But, that's the beauty of it!  If you didn't know what's going to happen to Theon you might feel the same way.  George does a wonderful job of subverting our lust for retribution, and I think the show looks to be doing a stellar job of translating that on-screen.  One of our guests last night who is show-only was muttering stuff like "good, it's what he deserves".  I can't wait to see his attitude change slowly and surely over the course of the season!This is a different journey from the book, but it's going to end up in the same place.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 08 April 2013 - 01:22 PM.
3272	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	My boyfriend thinks he deserves it, I accidentally let slip a little of what happens later and he still thinks Theon deserves it. No, nobody deserves that shit. 
Silly little Stark lover..
3273	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	My boyfriend thinks he deserves it, I accidentally let slip a little of what happens later and he still thinks Theon deserves it. No, nobody deserves that shit.Silly little Stark lover..Gah, I'm getting so mad at the Stark lovers!!! I mean, of course I like the Starks, but they aren't flawless/blameless/perfect - jeeeez.  I'm just gonna Theon Stan all over the internet for the next 9 weeks ... if you see someone screaming about Theon online IT'S PROBABLY ME.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 08 April 2013 - 01:26 PM.
3274	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Gah, I'm getting so mad at the Stark lovers!!! I mean, of course I like the Starks, but they aren't flawless/blameless/perfect - jeeeez.  I'm just gonna Theon Stan all over the internet for the next 9 weeks ... if you see someone screaming about Theon online IT'S PROBABLY ME.I love the Starks too, but yes they are far from perfect. People just have to understand Theon better, I guess for the show watchers without spoilers. They just need to know he can be a very sympathetic character who has made poor decisions in the past.
3275	Abaddon	2013-04-08	My boyfriend thinks he deserves it, I accidentally let slip a little of what happens later and he still thinks Theon deserves it. No, nobody deserves that shit.Silly little Stark lover..There's a difference between being told "a little of what happens later" and reading Reek chapters.  I bet your bf sings a different tune when all is said and done.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 08 April 2013 - 01:33 PM.
3276	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	There's a difference between being told "a little of what happens later" and reading Reek chapters.  I bet your bf sings a different tune when all is said and done.I wish he would just read a bit of the books. Although its fun toying with him about future events. I need to re-read ADWD, gotta get some feels for poor ol Reek.
3277	Logodnica	2013-04-08	If Alfie Allen acts out the transformation into Reek correctly then the first time he says "Reek, Reek it rhymes with freak" he wins the Emmy
3278	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	If Alfie Allen acts out the transformation into Reek correctly then the first time he says "Reek, Reek it rhymes with freak" he wins the EmmyNo contest there, at all.
3279	kevin1989	2013-04-08	I thought the Theon scenes were ridiculous fan appeasement and the whole thing with making Ramsay pretend to free him is just pointless filler. I'd rather that time have been used to extend Arya's storyline instead.Why? It need to be shown for the show because of 2 things: 1. If Alfie isn't in the show for 2 seasons, he will be do other projects instead of GoT. 2. We need to know how he become this thing in DwD. his chapters has the benefit that we know through FB what happened. This need to be in the show. Else people will have, huh what? But I think it was better if they showed him not in this episode but in episode 5 or 6 for the first time this season.And about Arya, you can't have too much arya in a season, Maissie is under age so there are rules about how long she can work a year.I don't think so ... I felt bad for Theon after just watching seasons 1 and 2 before I read the books.True, but not everybody things the same. some hate him.I love the Starks too, but yes they are far from perfect. People just have to understand Theon better, I guess for the show watchers without spoilers. They just need to know he can be a very sympathetic character who has made poor decisions in the past.My boyfriend watches the first 2 seasons before the books, (he is in DwD now) and he felled sorry for theon from the beginning. And he loved the Starks.
3280	Nezzer	2013-04-08	If Alfie Allen acts out the transformation into Reek correctly then the first time he says "Reek, Reek it rhymes with freak" he wins the EmmyI hope this season HBO nominates Alfie Allen instead of Peter Dinklage for the Emmys. Peter is great, but there isn't much material for him to truly shine this season. And I also think they should give the other actors more chances to win awards.
3281	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Why? It need to be shown for the show because of 2 things: 1. If Alfie isn't in the show for 2 seasons, he will be do other projects instead of GoT. 2. We need to know how he become this thing in DwD. his chapters has the benefit that we know through FB what happened. This need to be in the show. Else people will have, huh what? But I think it was better if they showed him not in this episode but in episode 5 or 6 for the first time this season.And about Arya, you can't have too much arya in a season, Maissie is under age so there are rules about how long she can work a year.True, but not everybody things the same. some hate him.My boyfriend watches the first 2 seasons before the books, (he is in DwD now) and he felled sorry for theon from the beginning. And he loved the Starks.Apparently my man is incapable of liking both. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
3282	Minsc	2013-04-08	I like the show's portrayal of Theon a million times better than the show's portrayal of Arya, so I'm ok with this, personally.I find show Theon a ton more likable then show Robb to the degree that it harms the sense of "betrayal" between the two.
3283	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I find show Theon a ton more likable then show Robb to the degree that it harms the sense of "betrayal" between the two.That's also true. I'm pretty sure Theon is one of D&D's favorite characters, so that makes sense, I suppose.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 08 April 2013 - 02:04 PM.
3284	shiola	2013-04-08	I don't think Stark Lover and Theon Lover are mutually exclusive.  I happen to love both.  Fans should learn to not pick sides!
3285	Conchobar	2013-04-08	I loved the Theon scenes too, got me really looking forward to what is in store.
3286	King Tyrion I	2013-04-08	I think that the torture scene was extremely well written and the actors did a great job.
Alfie, yeah, he nailed it. I liked his acting very much.
3287	buckfosto	2013-04-08	I find a little of the fervor around hoping to see Theon in brutal torture sequences a little...unsettling.  But then again, I'm not a fan of the SAW movies or stuff in that genre, so I can understand that sort of thing just might not be my cup of tea.  I do think though, that when stuff is left to the imagination more than shown it can be even more horrific.  Take The Tickler, for example.  In the book, he was terrifying and you had no idea what he was actually doing to people.  Just that they "died screaming" and no one was safe.  Theon's stuff in ADWD really hit me on a gut level because you saw the results of it and the toll it took on him.  I could see them doing the hunt (which I really am looking forward to, as well as Ramsay's reveal) and then kind of going "dark" on the character for a couple of episodes.  Maybe showing Reek in the finale.  I can't imagine Theon is going to be featured on every episode.I will say this, Alfie Allen is a brilliant actor and is not going to need to be mutiliated onscreen to make people feel sorry for him.  He was doing that already in Season 2.  The looks on his face as he's executing Rodrik and when they raise the two children's bodies...even the scene with Maester Luwin in the finale...all make you really feel for him and think that he's a mixed up idiot in way over his head.Speaking of that, my wife and I rewatched the first two seasons before the premiere and his speech about "do you know how it feels to be told you're lucky to be a prisoner" really foreshadows what happens to him.  Remember being the Starks' prisoner, Theon? Those were good times, huh?
3288	TheDarkOne	2013-04-08	I've never been a Theon fan and was glad to see him tortured last night and hope we get to see a lot more. That would include the teeth getting broke out because of his smile. He betrayed Robb, saw Winterfell drove to ruin, and yet we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is an interesting character, not me.
Let the torture continue.
3289	RhymesWithChic	2013-04-08	Yeah, I am not emotionally prepared to watch the Theon/Reek thing play out. I thought I'd have a few more episodes at least. Aughh.
3290	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I've never been a Theon fan and was glad to see him tortured last night and hope we get to see a lot more. That would include the teeth getting broke out because of his smile. He betrayed Robb, saw Winterfell drove to ruin, and yet we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is an interesting character, not me.Let the torture continue.You have no soul /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3291	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-04-08	I've never been a Theon fan and was glad to see him tortured last night and hope we get to see a lot more. That would include the teeth getting broke out because of his smile. He betrayed Robb, saw Winterfell drove to ruin, and yet we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is an interesting character, not me.Let the torture continue.You are a terrible person.
3292	Chuck88	2013-04-08	I'm convinced that may actually be you in your avatar.
Derp. Forgot to quote /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Aimed at the poster with Joff in their picture, clearly.
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 08 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
3293	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	Speaking of that, my wife and I rewatched the first two seasons before the premiere and his speech about "do you know how it feels to be told you're lucky to be a prisoner" really foreshadows what happens to him.  Remember being the Starks' prisoner, Theon? Those were good times, huh?It would be a great wake up call for him. He'll realized the Starks treated him like a family, his true family treated him like he's no family, and the Boltons treated him like a lowly animal. He'll one day wished: 
	Spoiler "I should have died with him," and die as Theon not Reek. 
 Theon betrayed his adopted family and murdered children. He deserved to be punished, yes, but not to be tortured gruesomely by Ramsay, who's not even in the right position to carry out a just sentence or punishment to Theon's wrongdoings.
3294	Warden of the North121	2013-04-08	One thing I noticed during the interrogation scenes is that the "interrogators" are wearing Greyjoy armor. I think this is a layer to Ramsay's game and it will be revealed that the Bolton men slaughtered all of the ironborn men and that they're masquerading as ironborn men to make seem like Theon is still among his own people.
3295	Sun	2013-04-08	Actually I thought the torture scenes were quite mild considering this is GOT... ofcourse, it could just be Alfie's acting that I found unconvincing.
So excited to see "Boy". I really hope the actor is a good fit.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 08 April 2013 - 03:36 PM.
3296	Chirpy	2013-04-08	I HAVE SO MANY FEELINGS ABOUT THIS.I'm so glad that he's in the show and Alfie Allen is amazing, but that was brutal!!  I loved so many things about his two short scenes, though ...I love that they reminded viewers that he was a prisoner at Winterfell. I love how they already seem to be setting up an unhealthy Stockholm Syndrome relationship between Theon and (unnamed character who is obviously Ramsay) - "Please don't leave me!" I'm really impressed.I understand that this is confusing to non-book-readers, though ... my husband thinks that Theon is being kept by his father / Ironborn since Ramsay mentioned his sister.Ahhh so good! I loved so many things in this episode!!!I TOTALLY agree with you ... Theon is a fascinating character and I really enjoyed reading his storyline, even after he became Reek. I noticed that non-readers I watched this episode with were confused as to where he was being held as the whole thing with Ramsay Bolton telling him to surrender wasn't exactly explained.  From what I remember in the second season, Theon gave his speech then was knocked out by his own man, but it wasn't clearly explained as to it being because Ramsay agreed to let them all go if they all surrendered.  Unless I'm forgetting something in Season 2.....?What will be interesting to see is Theon's transformation into Reek.  In the books we have no idea what goes on as it happens and only find out bits and pieces from his memories while reading book 5.  Personally I don't think they have the cajones to show the entirety of his torturing (the flaying, cutting off fingers and toes, pulling his teeth, etc).  I mean, they could show the aftermath, but I feel at least seeing SOME of the torturing would really make viewers understand just how he turns into Reek, how he loses his mind from the torture itself.  It will still be effective if he is shown after all of that, although not as much as if we witness some of it firsthand.  I just hope they don't do a little here and there and keep him relatively normal yet still have him lose his mind.
3297	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I TOTALLY agree with you ... Theon is a fascinating character and I really enjoyed reading his storyline, even after he became Reek.I noticed that non-readers I watched this episode with were confused as to where he was being held as the whole thing with Ramsay Bolton telling him to surrender wasn't exactly explained.  From what I remember in the second season, Theon gave his speech then was knocked out by his own man, but it wasn't clearly explained as to it being because Ramsay agreed to let them all go if they all surrendered.  Unless I'm forgetting something in Season 2.....?What will be interesting to see is Theon's transformation into Reek.  In the books we have no idea what goes on as it happens and only find out bits and pieces from his memories while reading book 5.  Personally I don't think they have the cajones to show the entirety of his torturing (the flaying, cutting off fingers and toes, pulling his teeth, etc).  I mean, they could show the aftermath, but I feel at least seeing SOME of the torturing would really make viewers understand just how he turns into Reek, how he loses his mind from the torture itself.  It will still be effective if he is shown after all of that, although not as much as if we witness some of it firsthand.  I just hope they don't do a little here and there and keep him relatively normal yet still have him lose his mind.Well, I think they do have the guts to show gory stuff like that. Do you remember Drogo ripping off some guy's tongue back in season 1? There's also the nipple cut scene in Valar Dohaeris. The latter was basically flaying, though a milder kind of flaying. Don't worry, we will see Theon losing some skin eventually.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 08 April 2013 - 03:51 PM.
3298	buckfosto	2013-04-08	I don't know.  It's pretty effective in the book when you just "see" what's become of him.  It could be pretty compelling to show him how he is now and through this storyline and then you see what's become of him.  Again, it let's the viewer think "what the hell did they do to him" and come up with much more vicious stuff than they can show.  But I definitely think they need to and will show him having a finger flayed...if not show it, then show them about to and then come back to him later on with the flayed finger and begging Ramsay to cut it off.
3299	episodenone	2013-04-08	I hope this season HBO nominates Alfie Allen instead of Peter Dinklage for the Emmys. Peter is great, but there isn't much material for him to truly shine this season. And I also think they should give the other actors more chances to win awards.HBO doesn't nominate anyone for the Emmy's.  It is not up to them to give nominations to their own actors.  There are three rounds of judging. The first round takes place in the spring; the semi-final round takes place in the summer - hosted by Member companies; and the finals take place in September. Nominations are announced in October. Four nominees are selected in each category and winners are revealed at the International Emmy Awards Gala, held in November.
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 08 April 2013 - 04:09 PM.
3300	kevin1989	2013-04-08	It would be a great wake up call for him. He'll realized the Starks treated him like a family, his true family treated him like he's no family, and the Boltons treated him like a lowly animal. He'll one day wished: 
	Spoiler "I should have died with him," and die as Theon not Reek. 
Theon betrayed his adopted family and murdered children. He deserved to be punished, yes, but not to be tortured gruesomely by Ramsay, who's not even in the right position to carry out a just sentence or punishment to Theon's wrongdoings.Really :S A boy is taken away from his parents, and he should be thankful for that. Think about a second that you are Theon, you are 10 years old, you never gonna see you're parents again. And you have to be lucky to never see your parents again. And you hear that almost every day. And than one day you are going back to your parents. Which side do you choose?And if Theon deserves punishment, than Robb deserves it even more. He killed hundred of innocent men, children. Because they are "Lannisters". But because Robb has the name Stark it is ok, and because Theon has the name Greyjoy he is a bad guy.In what kind of sick world do we live in? :S
3301	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-08	I thought the Theon scenes were ridiculous fan appeasement and the whole thing with making Ramsay pretend to free him is just pointless filler. I'd rather that time have been used to extend Arya's storyline instead. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Arya's and Nymeria............
3302	Clariana	2013-04-08	I am proud of my husband, a non book reader, he said of 'boy' "he's one of them!", so it seems they're doing it right.
3303	buckfosto	2013-04-08	Really :S A boy is taken away from his parents, and he should be thankful for that. Think about a second that you are Theon, you are 10 years old, you never gonna see you're parents again. And you have to be lucky to never see your parents again. And you hear that almost every day. And than one day you are going back to your parents. Which side do you choose?And if Theon deserves punishment, than Robb deserves it even more. He killed hundred of innocent men, children. Because they are "Lannisters". But because Robb has the name Stark it is ok, and because Theon has the name Greyjoy he is a bad guy.In what kind of sick world do we live in? :SI think Theon is one of the most tragic figures in the whole series.
3304	kevin1989	2013-04-08	I think Theon is one of the most tragic figures in the whole series.Tell that to people. People don't understand what it's like to be like him I guess, not that I know but I'm trying at least.But shows that the thing that GRRM tried to do, not making good and bad guys, but grey characters, is not understand by everybody.
3305	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-08	I think we're going to get a considerable amount of gore with Theon this season. Going forward, I think they should be able to make him resemble the reek from the books, because you can do a lot of that stuff without cgi. Tyron's no-nose couldn't have been done without cgi, so they did the scar. With Theon, you can cut off as many fingers and toes as you want and just put gloves on him like with Davos. Fake teeth would be a simple prosthetic to do I would think, and an even simpler one would be scars on his face. Making him look like an old man, as he's described in the books, might be a little tougher, but i think it would still be relatively cheap compared to cgi.
3306	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-08	Well, I liked the Theon scenes so far. I can, however, see how people who never read the book can think that he's only getting what he deserves. Specially since the show very likelly won't go to the point of torture they went on the books (putting him right into wooby territory), they must be really careful to make us root for Theon again after what he did to the Starks.Even in the books, I thought he deserved everything he got before he became basically broken (losing Winterfell, being capture, etc). Even if Theon was executed, I'd probably go like "you looked for it, pal". But the torture obviously was too much for any human being. If they don't get really bold real fast and show the whole mutilation thing, it could look like "the villain Theon" "got what he deserved".I am pretty sure they will show the mutilation and all the torture. TV loves violence.
3307	Chirpy	2013-04-08	I like the show's portrayal of Theon a million times better than the show's portrayal of Arya, so I'm ok with this, personally.Ditto /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3308	Chirpy	2013-04-08	Gah, I'm getting so mad at the Stark lovers!!! I mean, of course I like the Starks, but they aren't flawless/blameless/perfect - jeeeez.  I'm just gonna Theon Stan all over the internet for the next 9 weeks ... if you see someone screaming about Theon online IT'S PROBABLY ME. I actually agree with this.  I feel Season One made everyone love the Starks if they hadn't yet read the books when, in fact, they are just like the rest of the characters.  They make bad decisions, they hurt the ones they love, they can be weak, they can be strong, they can be funny, etc, etc, etc.  I LOVE how the first book starts out like it's a story of the Stark family but over time you realize that no, it REALLY isn't.
3309	Chirpy	2013-04-08	I've never been a Theon fan and was glad to see him tortured last night and hope we get to see a lot more. That would include the teeth getting broke out because of his smile. He betrayed Robb, saw Winterfell drove to ruin, and yet we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is an interesting character, not me.Let the torture continue. Oh dear...I hope I never anger YOU!  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3310	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	Don't want to go off topic, but just need to clarify some things:Really :S A boy is taken away from his parents, and he should be thankful for that. Think about a second that you are Theon, you are 10 years old, you never gonna see you're parents again. And you have to be lucky to never see your parents again. And you hear that almost every day. And than one day you are going back to your parents. Which side do you choose?He was taken, yes. Did the Starks mistreated him? Yeah, blood is thicker than water, but sometimes, there are some people who stick closer than family. He can obviously choose his family over the Starks, but does he need to betray those who treated him as their own? Yeah, he can't refuse his family and he want to prove himself. Did he made the right decision? Or, did his true family supported his decision when he took Winterfell?And if Theon deserves punishment, than Robb deserves it even more. He killed hundred of innocent men, children. Because they are "Lannisters". But because Robb has the name Stark it is ok, and because Theon has the name Greyjoy he is a bad guy.In what kind of sick world do we live in? :SHow did Robb and the Lannisters get into here? Or, how being a Greyjoy a bad guy? I was only saying Theon deserved a punishment, but not to be tortured in the hands of Ramsay (who by the way, not fit to execute justice of any kind). If Theon was to be punished, let someone do it who would give him a fair trial and just punishment. Would you like Ramsay to be your judge?  I don't think he deserved that kind of gruesome torture, and Robb would never approve that either. Theon was more of an unfortunate victim of Ramsay than a wrongdoer who received his just punishment. I hope that's clear enough. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />Back to the topic.
3311	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	I understand that this is confusing to non-book-readers, though ... my husband thinks that Theon is being kept by his father / Ironborn since Ramsay mentioned his sister.My partner thought the exact same thing! It took me ages to explain it, even then...I wonder what it is about that scene? they don't even look iron-born.And i thought the cross he was chained to was a dead give-away!
3312	Chirpy	2013-04-08	Theon betrayed his adopted family and murdered children. He deserved to be punished, yes, but not to be tortured gruesomely by Ramsay, who's not even in the right position to carry out a just sentence or punishment to Theon's wrongdoings.SUCH a great point...Ramsay had no right doing what he did.
3313	Chirpy	2013-04-08	Well, I think they do have the guts to show gory stuff like that. Do you remember Drogo ripping off some guy's tongue back in season 1? There's also the nipple cut scene in Valar Dohaeris. The latter was basically flaying, though a milder kind of flaying. Don't worry, we will see Theon losing some skin eventually. Yes and no...I feel what Theon endures is way too horrific to put on television.  Do I hope they do?  Yes.  Will they?  I doubt it.  The tongue thing wasn't that bad to watch (for me) as it was quick and not up close (unless I'm forgetting it all).  The nipple cut did, yes, make me cringe.  There was also some gruesome things during the Battle of Blackwater, such as the head getting crushed in by a dropping rock as Stannis looked right at the man, or when Tyrion ran into battle cutting off a man's leg with his axe in one chop at the knee right in front of the camera.  I feel that it can get gory, yes, but Theon's torture is too much for the average viewer. And let me revisit my earlier comment that I hope they do show the torture scenes....I don't mean that I want to see every single thing done to him live and in person.   I DO want to see some flaying and digit removal at the most.  The teeth being removed might push it.  A lot of this can be done without us actually SEEING it.  The camera could pan away or change scenes at just the right moment so we don't quite see something happen but hear the results.  I just think we need a good mix of seeing some torture and and hearing some, then leaving the rest to sit in your brain for you to keep thinking about so you can really begin to understand just what that poor man is going through.
3314	Francisco R. Fonseca	2013-04-08	I have mixed feelings on this. Even though I'm  book fan I don't think the show has to do everything as is (most though), however I was surprised to see him and esp. this early. I get why they did it, waiting 2-3 seasons would be too long, but you get in a prickly situation here. If I'm correct and I might be wrong ADWD chronologically occurred way after ASOS. It makes no sense to have his torture being in it now.  Plus, once you start mixing books where does it end? ASOS has SO much in it, I'd just like them to focus on it, now other stuff.
3315	sifth	2013-04-08	I get to see Theon the baby killer suffer. I'm happy with this. I honestly can not feel sorry for this character, he's just someone I love to hate, sort of like Tywin and a Rose.
I'm happy he's still on the show, but no I don't feel sorry for him, not after what he did to those kids
3316	WhiteGuts	2013-04-08	I'm pretty sure GRRM didn't do this to Theon as a punishment for what he did to the Starks. And he didn't deserve it either. But then again ASoIaF isn't about merit, good/bad...etc, it's just about life, and bad shit can happen to you with no reason whatsoever.
3317	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	It's definitely wrong to say that the Starks treated him like family ... Robb was actually the only one, and then Theon's father crushed that thought by humiliating Theon. The Starks treated him well, yes, but it was far from an ideal situation ... Plus it was rubbed in his face by the ppl of Winterfell who didn't like him that he should be appreciative of his captors.
3318	sifth	2013-04-08	I don't care how the Stark's treated Theon, which from what I can tell was pretty nice. Theon killed babies. I'll never forgive the bastard for that, lol
3319	Oakenfist	2013-04-08	I don't care how the Stark's treated Theon, which from what I can tell was pretty nice. Theon killed babies. I'll never forgive the bastard for that, lolSo I'm guessing you're not a Jaime fan either.
3320	victim	2013-04-08	Keep in mind, all the people who told Theon to be grateful of his captors were extreme Stark loyalists. Theon had no reason to be thankful to the Starks, nor should he have been thankful to the father that gave him up. He's such a great character because of this.
3321	sifth	2013-04-08	So I'm guessing you're not a Jaime fan either.Jamie killed kids?that's news to me. I assume you're talking about Bran being thrown out the window. No that was an act of true evil as well, but at least Bran got Jedi powers out of it.
3322	callmedodge	2013-04-08	I have mixed feelings on this. Even though I'm  book fan I don't think the show has to do everything as is (most though), however I was surprised to see him and esp. this early. I get why they did it, waiting 2-3 seasons would be too long, but you get in a prickly situation here. If I'm correct and I might be wrong ADWD chronologically occurred way after ASOS. It makes no sense to have his torture being in it now.  Plus, once you start mixing books where does it end? ASOS has SO much in it, I'd just like them to focus on it, now other stuff.When we meet Theon in ADwD he`s already broken. He`s already Reek. In the book it`s easy to understand what`s happened to him through his flashbacks and descriptions of his personal well-being (not good at all). However, they can`t do that on the show. If we`re going to have any sympathy for Theon and have any idea of who Ramsay really is we need to see at least some of the torture, which does happen during ASoS. Dance actually starts almost immediately after Storm, possibly with some stuff overlapping, so it makes sense to show us Theon now - otherwise it`s bad television.
3323	sethyd	2013-04-08	Jamie killed kids?that's news to me. I assume you're talking about Bran being thrown out the window. No that was an act of true evil as well, but at least Bran got Jedi powers out of it.He fully intended to kill Bran, and was surprised when he was told Bran might live. He's also threatened to kill babies, which he (most likely) would have done if his demands were not met. With a trebuchet.As for Theon... Probably my favorite character. Such a delightful character to do a case study on.When it comes to him killing the kids, the back of my mind always yells at me to say, "Bran and Rickon are better off with everyone thinking they're dead!" Assuming Ramsay doesn't know they're alive, which he could have learned from torturing Theon, Roose wouldn't know as well, which is going to put a -serious- damper on his plans for the North. But, I won't use this to excuse Theon's actions, because murdering kids is bad and stuff, though it just makes me think that it's very possible that that one action will end up saving the day.
3324	Lord Damian	2013-04-08	Yeah, even in the books, the spearwives who initially had distain for him, saying the Stark words etc and what he did to the boys (or so they and everyone is led to believe), they were stunned at what Ramsay did to his body, when they saw. Death would have been mercy compared to what Bastard Boldon did.
3325	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I don't care how the Stark's treated Theon, which from what I can tell was pretty nice. Theon killed babies. I'll never forgive the bastard for that, lolWell, it was an actual bastard's idea to do that anyway ... I actually find a lot of the "awful" things theon does (let's be honest ... These are all acts of war) bc he is desperate to make the right decisions, is failing miserably at everything and knows it, and is trying so hard to be like Ned/the Starks, but also Ironborn, and those two things cannot coexist. He is also wracked with guilt over things he's done (even in ACOK before Reek) ... He has nightmare and dwells on his mistakes ... He has more of a conscience than people give him credit for.
3326	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-08	I'm going to be talking with my dad a lot during this season. He came off last season with "Well good for this Ramsay guy, Theon deserves to be tortured." Curious to see if he comes around.I have more sympathy for Theon in the show than in the book. In the book he seemed more callous and less regretful. This of course changed in ADWD--Reek's chapters were my favorite in the whole book. Also, I was a lot younger when I first read ACOK. To quote Dave Chen from "A Cast of Kings" (great show reviews), show!Theon's almost Shakespearean in the total tragedy and pathos surrounding his character. I felt so sorry for him all throughout the season, helped in part by Alfie's stellar acting. So yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing him this season. Poor baby! It'll be riveting to see him become such a broken wretch. As far is flaying, the US version of Being Human had a vampire get skinned. This is what it looked like. Totally doable for HBO.
3327	Minsc	2013-04-08	delete
					
					
							Edited by Minsc, 08 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
3328	Springs09	2013-04-09	Boo, I've never thought of Theon as a villain, tbh. He's one of the most complex characters on the show. People just have their "Stark blinders" on, I think.He ordered the execution of two innocent kids. He was a major villain like character in season 2.
3329	StarkDragon	2013-04-09	So I'm guessing you're not a Jaime fan either. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> Irony of Ironies, I dislike (book) Jaime, but feel bad for Theon. Not to say I like him, he is indeed a murderer.That being said, Theon is deserving of murder, not torture, in my opinion. And unlike Jaime, I see him as actually repenting in his thoughts, when he thinks he should've died with Robb.
3330	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	Boo, I've never thought of Theon as a villain, tbh. He's one of the most complex characters on the show. People just have their "Stark blinders" on, I think.Uh, he murdered children. Innocent children who had done nothing against him, and whom he murdered purely to make himself look better. That's pretty fucked up.  If that's not "villainous," I don't know what is.
3331	sifth	2013-04-09	Well, it was an actual bastard's idea to do that anyway ... I actually find a lot of the "awful" things theon does (let's be honest ... These are all acts of war) bc he is desperate to make the right decisions, is failing miserably at everything and knows it, and is trying so hard to be like Ned/the Starks, but also Ironborn, and those two things cannot coexist. He is also wracked with guilt over things he's done (even in ACOK before Reek) ... He has nightmare and dwells on his mistakes ... He has more of a conscience than people give him credit for.still wont bring those kids back to life. they were innocent too.sure lets forgive Theon for killing these  two little boys, he had to looks strong in front of his men, lolthere's only two things I can never forgive a character for, rape and harming kids. I'm pretty open about anything else, but those are too universal wrongs in my book
3332	Clariana	2013-04-09	As far is flaying, the US version of Being Human had a vampire get skinned. This is what it looked like. Totally doable for HBO.You're forgetting the Buffy season 6 Willow insta flaying of Warren:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=7sP_5Gt49Ts
3333	ereini0n	2013-04-09	Scenes like that make me wish I hadn't read the books /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
Instead I tried to forget everything I know and will try to be surprised at what will inevitably happen next...
3334	kevin1989	2013-04-09	Don't want to go off topic, but just need to clarify some things:He was taken, yes. Did the Starks mistreated him? Yeah, blood is thicker than water, but sometimes, there are some people who stick closer than family. He can obviously choose his family over the Starks, but does he need to betray those who treated him as their own? Yeah, he can't refuse his family and he want to prove himself. Did he made the right decision? Or, did his true family supported his decision when he took Winterfell?How did Robb and the Lannisters get into here? Or, how being a Greyjoy a bad guy? I was only saying Theon deserved a punishment, but not to be tortured in the hands of Ramsay (who by the way, not fit to execute justice of any kind). If Theon was to be punished, let someone do it who would give him a fair trial and just punishment. Would you like Ramsay to be your judge?  I don't think he deserved that kind of gruesome torture, and Robb would never approve that either. Theon was more of an unfortunate victim of Ramsay than a wrongdoer who received his just punishment. I hope that's clear enough. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />Back to the topic.True, but what I meant with the Robb part is, if Theon deserves some kind of punishment, robb clearly does too. He is the biggest traitor in the books. He should have gone to Stannis. And he killed hundreds maybe thousands of innocent people.And about the punishment of Theon. Imo, he got that before he committed the crime. Being a prisoner. And maybe he still deserves some punishment but can't decide what kind. And about the death's of the orphans, part of the blame is that of Bran and co, for leaving. Theon wouldn't have hurt them and still they walk away (I understand them too).
3335	Dolores Stark	2013-04-09	I'm a Stark lover all the way, hence the name, and I was really pissed about Theon's treason and 'shenanigans' in Winterfell, but I never thought he deserved anything Ramsay did to him. He is just tragic, soooo tragic and I hope we will get all important parts of his story on screen, so the non readers get it and not think he's getting what he deserves. I think Alfie's doing a great job, the burning-of-the-letter scene in the season 2 was just heartbreaking, made me tear up, and as someone said, they better give him an Emmy if he continues being this good.
3336	thewalkindude19	2013-04-09	Just to throw it out there, I'm not sure we'll get "Reek" as such. Sure, Ramsay will break Theon, even make him forget his name, but will he be calling himself Reek and making up his little rhymes? As Ramsay never posed as Reek, will the unsullied be confused?
Maybe he'll adopt "Boy" as his new name, if that's the guise Ramsay is under.
3337	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Theon is constantly feeling guilty and questioning himself in ACOK. He's also constantly trying to justify what he's doing and is convincing himself that he's being just / doing the right thing - this shows a major conscience and that he isn't an evil person at heart. He has his own men whipped for raping a woman who is basically nothing to him / lowly, for example. His regret comes across in the show, as well. He's easily influenced by others, which doesn't help. He basically just keeps digging the hole deeper and deeper. Even if it weren't for ADWD/Reek/Ramsay I would think he is sympathetic. Maybe that's just me, though.
3338	Reposado	2013-04-09	I'm going to be talking with my dad a lot during this season. He came off last season with "Well good for this Ramsay guy, Theon deserves to be tortured." Curious to see if he comes around.I have more sympathy for Theon in the show than in the book. In the book he seemed more callous and less regretful. This of course changed in ADWD--Reek's chapters were my favorite in the whole book. Also, I was a lot younger when I first read ACOK. To quote Dave Chen from "A Cast of Kings" (great show reviews), show!Theon's almost Shakespearean in the total tragedy and pathos surrounding his character. I felt so sorry for him all throughout the season, helped in part by Alfie's stellar acting.So yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing him this season. Poor baby! It'll be riveting to see him become such a broken wretch.As far is flaying, the US version of Being Human had a vampire get skinned. This is what it looked like. Totally doable for HBO.game of thrones doesnt have the budget for that
3339	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	game of thrones doesnt have the budget for thatIsn't that mostly make-up as oppopsed to CGI? And they'd only have to show a finger or two, right? ... however, I think it's much more horrifying and clever to show less with quick cuts / sounds / implications.
3340	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-09	True, but what I meant with the Robb part is, if Theon deserves some kind of punishment, robb clearly does too. He is the biggest traitor in the books. He should have gone to Stannis. And he killed hundreds maybe thousands of innocent people.Then every individual in the ASOIAF world is not blameless, coz even those we considered honorable are also guilty of something; the innocents included - if they wished or desire that someone must die (it's a sin, according to a religious belief in our world, at least. Not sure in theirs). If that's the case Robb, or anyone who we thought is just, is not fit to judge or punish someone who committed some wrongdoings because he, too, committed something that is punishable by..something (as you've pointed out). Who's out there fitting to do this thing? The gods of Westeros who judged Tyrion a kingslayer? (kidding...i hope i did not anger R'hllor or the 7 gods /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) It's a complicated matter.And about the punishment of Theon. Imo, he got that before he committed the crime. Being a prisoner. And maybe he still deserves some punishment but can't decide what kind. And about the death's of the orphans, part of the blame is that of Bran and co, for leaving. Theon wouldn't have hurt them and still they walk away (I understand them too).I will be horrified if Theon/Reek  will get further punishment or torture. Enough already. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Can't blame the kids from leaving, same as 
	Spoiler Reek and Jeyne from escaping.
3341	Hoo	2013-04-09	Theon turned into a monster.  He's a notch below Joffrey but he's up there.
3342	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Theon turned into a monster.  He's a notch below Joffrey but he's up there.I just ... can't ... with this. I have no idea how anyone could think Theon is anything like Joffrey ... like, at all.
3343	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	Theon is a turncloak. A crime every Lord in Westeros is guilty of. Why is Theon a monster because he turned his cloak against the family that kept him hostage for 10 years? Theon had more right to do what he did then Robb did in crowning himself king. Everyone from Jamie to Ned chose his blood over his liege and suffered for it. Theon did the same and if you hate him for it you aren't being introspective but rather using your own predilections to judge him! That's my two cents on it. By the way,"killing" the Stark boys was a good thing. What do you think happens when one of Ned Starks murdered sons turn up? ;] Oh the intrigue.
I mean no offense to Theon haters, just my own opinion.
Also with Tyrions nose still attached its hard to think Theon will lose anything. I wasn't sure whether he said "Take it out" in refrence to the drill or "Take is off in refrence to the mask." I dont think he wanted to lose anything. We may see Theon lose "that other thing" and may finally be clear on what it is.
Based on how much they are condensing I think Theon will hold the Northern plot together from now on. Which is a welcome addition to me.
3344	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	Theon turned into a monster.  He's a notch below Joffrey but he's up there.i see this was derived from the Rodrick Cassel scene in the show. Which was to show that Theon's sword in not Valyrian and that he is more Stark then Ironborn.
3345	Hoo	2013-04-09	I just ... can't ... with this. I have no idea how anyone could think Theon is anything like Joffrey ... like, at all.Burned two kids.  Beheaded Ser Roderick.
3346	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	i see this was derived from the Rodrick Cassel scene in the show. Which was to show that Theon's sword in not Valyrian and that he is more Stark then Ironborn.Yeah, it's a different character in the book, right? Someone who may or may not have been guilty, but Theon was being influenced (like usual) and felt like he was doing the right thing and did it himself by beheading as opposed to drowing, but botched it a bit b/c ... beheading is hard if you don't have a super amazing sword (Robb has the exact same problem in ASOS, right!?) ... so yeah, Theon really wants to be a Stark, but he doesn't really realize it until later in ADWD.Oh yeah, in the book Ramsay is the one who kills Ser Rodrick (in a horrible way) ...
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 09 April 2013 - 11:58 AM.
3347	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	True, but what I meant with the Robb part is, if Theon deserves some kind of punishment, robb clearly does too. He is the biggest traitor in the books. He should have gone to Stannis. And he killed hundreds maybe thousands of innocent people.And about the punishment of Theon. Imo, he got that before he committed the crime. Being a prisoner. And maybe he still deserves some punishment but can't decide what kind. And about the death's of the orphans, part of the blame is that of Bran and co, for leaving. Theon wouldn't have hurt them and still they walk away (I understand them too).Kevin you are truly someone who shares my opinions on the matter!Yeah Theon never broke his promise to the Starks when they took him hostage, the Stark boys did not return the favor. Robb and Renly were the reason the wat of the 5 kings turned out the way it did. Robb decided to make common cause with RENLY and BALON...case CLOSED. Usurper siding with Usurper. By Law Joffery is king, by technicality Stannis is king. Robb sent Theon back, you must blame Robb for that. Robb didn't bend the knee to Stannis you must blame him for that. Robb Stark is not the hero-man most people think him to be he is as grey as Theon.
3348	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Kevin you are truly someone who shares my opinions on the matter!Yeah Theon never broke his promise to the Starks when they took him hostage, the Stark boys did not return the favor. Robb and Renly were the reason the wat of the 5 kings turned out the way it did. Robb decided to make common cause with RENLY and BALON...case CLOSED. Usurper siding with Usurper. By Law Joffery is king, by technicality Stannis is king. Robb sent Theon back, you must blame Robb for that. Robb didn't bend the knee to Stannis you must blame him for that. Robb Stark is not the hero-man most people think him to be he is as grey as Theon.Yes exactly!! People just just love the Starks too much and absolve them of all blame / wrongdoing.Burned two kids.  Beheaded Ser Roderick.It sounds like you haven't read the books, where things go down a little differently and you get even more insight into Theon's thoughts, but still ... he is still sympathetic in the show. I feel like most haters could do with a more sympathetic rewatch / reread of Theon.
3349	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	Yeah, it's a different character in the book, right? Someone who may or may not have been guilty, but Theon was being influenced (like usual) and felt like he was doing the right thing and did it himself by beheading as opposed to drowing, but botched it a bit b/c ... beheading is hard if you don't have a super amazing sword (Robb has the exact same problem in ASOS, right!?) ... so yeah, Theon really wants to be a Stark, but he doesn't really realize it until later in ADWD.Oh yeah, in the book Ramsay is the one who kills Ser Rodrick (in a horrible way) ...Ramsay killed the kids in the books FOR theon, SO theon only LET him do it but did not participate. Ramsay also killed Rodrick in the books. Theon is heavily vilinized in the show but in the book he only beheaded some dude who was commiting murders and once he did the murderes stopped. Theon killed two of his own men for raping people in WInterfell in the books too. We need some Lady Hornwood in the show!Theon in the show gave Dagmer gold for the farmer for his troubles, Dagmer told him that the farmer is dead meaning Dagmer killed the kids and the farmer and Theon didnt know at all, atleast thats how I see it based on the fact he didnt know the farmer was dead.
3350	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	I just think Theon is so tragic b/c the entire time he is doing bad things / making bad decision he KNOWS IT. Everyone else is either a true evil villain (Boltons, Joffrey, Cersei, etc.) and doesn't give a shit or they just accept that they are good people and doing right/necessary things. Ned might be the one exception who automatically always does what is Good/Right ... and ... well, that didn't work out so well for him, did it?  Theon is in more emotional turmoil over everything than any other character, it seems.
And I don't mean that other characters aren't in emotional turmoil, but just over things they are doing that could be bad/wrong/evil.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 09 April 2013 - 12:10 PM.
3351	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	I just think Theon is so tragic b/c the entire time he is doing bad things / making bad decision he KNOWS IT. Everyone else is either a true evil villain (Boltons, Joffrey, Cersei, etc.) and doesn't give a shit or they just accept that they are good people and doing right/necessary things. Ned might be the one exception who automatically always does what is Good/Right ... and ... well, that didn't work out so well for him, did it?  Theon is in more emotional turmoil over everything than any other character, it seems.And I don't mean that other characters aren't in emotional turmoil, but just over things they are doing that could be bad/wrong/evil.Yeah Theon knows hes dealt a shitty hand and kind of like Stannis he decides to play it anyway. Theon just wanted to be sung about as the only Non-Stark in history to take the castle from the outside and be a hero, i think its all he wanted from his life. May the Old Gods have mercy on his soul.
3352	Hoo	2013-04-09	Well, in 210, Measter Luwin tells him, you are trying to be something you are not.  Theon responds, I am too far into what I'm trying be to be to stop.  He refuses to change.  He is not tragic.
He stays at Winterfell to lead his troops out of siege before being knocked unconscious by his own men.
3353	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-09	Theon had the potential to be a major player up until he arrived at Pyke. After that it was all downhill, Theon became just an annoyance to me right after Bran and Rickon left Winterfell. .
3354	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	Well, in 210, Measter Luwin tells him, you are trying to be something you are not.  Theon responds, I am too far into what I'm trying be to be to stop.  He refuses to change.  He is not tragic.He stays at Winterfell to lead his troops out of siege before being knocked unconscious by his own men.He was trying to be Ironborn when he was a Northman. But at this point no Northman respects him and would not help him. So he wanted to die as we was born, a son of Pyke. I think it is tragic, that neither his father nor the Starks ever truly accepted him. Ned Stark kept the long shadow of Ice between them, Cat treated him like Jon, and Robb YELLED at him for saving Bran's life.
3355	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Well, in 210, Measter Luwin tells him, you are trying to be something you are not.  Theon responds, I am too far into what I'm trying be to be to stop.  He refuses to change.  He is not tragic.He stays at Winterfell to lead his troops out of siege before being knocked unconscious by his own men.To me, that's tragic. Also, in the book he is seriously about to take the black and is excited about it - i.e. he wants to confess his crimes and have them wiped away and to bring glory to himself in a noble way ... but then just before he decides to do so fully, Ramsay comes and betrays the northmen and essentially ruins everything, b/c Theon thinks he's saved ... but he is so, so, so wrong.
3356	Frumpus	2013-04-09	True, but what I meant with the Robb part is, if Theon deserves some kind of punishment, robb clearly does too. He is the biggest traitor in the books. He should have gone to Stannis. And he killed hundreds maybe thousands of innocent people.It is amazing that people can actually feel this way. Robb is a flawed character but being a traitor is factually not one of his flaws.
3357	Frumpus	2013-04-09	Why? It need to be shown for the show because of 2 things: 1. If Alfie isn't in the show for 2 seasons, he will be do other projects instead of GoT. 2. We need to know how he become this thing in DwD. his chapters has the benefit that we know through FB what happened. This need to be in the show. Else people will have, huh what? But I think it was better if they showed him not in this episode but in episode 5 or 6 for the first time this season.And about Arya, you can't have too much arya in a season, Maissie is under age so there are rules about how long she can work a year.Whatever the rules are, I doubt she's reaching anywhere close to the limit. The producers have truncated her storyline for budget reasons, not because they would break the law by showing her more.Either way, one Theon scene would have been enough. He could have just made a one episode cameo like Sallador Saan. Showing his fruitless/pointless storyline throughout the season is only going to be silly because it's an original story and we should be wary of original storylines after Daenery's arc last season.I mean really, how many episodes showing Theon being tortured do we need?
3358	TRAVYS	2013-04-09	I love that they reminded viewers that he was a prisoner at Winterfell. I love how they already seem to be setting up an unhealthy Stockholm Syndrome relationship between Theon and (unnamed character who is obviously Ramsay) - "Please don't leave me!" I'm really impressed.I understand that this is confusing to non-book-readers, though ... my husband thinks that Theon is being kept by his father / Ironborn since Ramsay mentioned his sister.Ahhh so good! I loved so many things in this episode!!!I was nervous about how they would treat Theon's book plotline, but this was good.  I guess we'll get to actually see some of the torture (physical and mental) that was done to him, but I wonder how they'll be able to keep it up for the events of ADWD to occur.  I guess they'll just move a lot of the Moat Cailin and Winterfell stuff up...and make up some stuff.  Do tv-viewer really want to see Theon/Reek for more than one season though?
3359	kevin1989	2013-04-09	Then every individual in the ASOIAF world is not blameless, coz even those we considered honorable are also guilty of something; the innocents included - if they wished or desire that someone must die (it's a sin, according to a religious belief in our world, at least. Not sure in theirs). If that's the case Robb, or anyone who we thought is just, is not fit to judge or punish someone who committed some wrongdoings because he, too, committed something that is punishable by..something (as you've pointed out). Who's out there fitting to do this thing? The gods of Westeros who judged Tyrion a kingslayer? (kidding...i hope i did not anger R'hllor or the 7 gods /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) It's a complicated matter.I will be horrified if Theon/Reek  will get further punishment or torture. Enough already. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Can't blame the kids from leaving, same as 
	Spoiler Reek and Jeyne from escaping.
True, but if you look for instance at Bran, he wouldn't kill somebody innocent. And I meant that personally I think that Robb deserves a bigger punishment than Theon.It is amazing that people can actually feel this way. Robb is a flawed character but being a traitor is factually not one of his flaws.Not a traitor? Joffrey is King and he is rebelling against him. And even if you say, Joffrey is not trully the king he isn't a baratheon, then he should have helped Stannis, he didn't helped Stannis, that way he still is a traitor. He and Renly are the 2 kings that haven't have any claim to the throne or being a king. In fact if you debate who deserves the throne, only Joffrey, Stannis and Danny are part of it. Because they have in some way a claim to the throne. Joffrey because he is legally the son of Robert. Stannis because if you look at blood he is the one that needs to follow up Robert. And you can even say that Robert was a traitor and than the throne belongs to Danny.Don't get me wrong, I understand why Robb is rebelling and why he being a traitor. But that doesn't mean I close my eyes because Robb is one of the good guys is just wrong imo.Whatever the rules are, I doubt she's reaching anywhere close to the limit. The producers have truncated her storyline for budget reasons, not because they would break the law by showing her more.Either way, one Theon scene would have been enough. He could have just made a one episode cameo like Sallador Saan. Showing his fruitless/pointless storyline throughout the season is only going to be silly because it's an original story and we should be wary of original storylines after Daenery's arc last season.I mean really, how many episodes showing Theon being tortured do we need?True about Arya, but even than we must not forget that she's underage.About Theon if they wanted to do it right it must be in multiple episodes to have the audience really believe what's going on. personally I think that 4 episodes is the right amount. 1. that we saw. 2. The escape. 3. Starting to trust Rampsey and telling him everything Ramsey want's to know. 4. The truth about the Boltons. Personally I think it would have been better if we saw him first in episode 5. Leaving him out of 2 episodes.And I think that this season will be about showing the Bolton's betrayal and Theon turning into Reek. Next year we will see him around episode 8 again (probably not in the show for a long time). And we have the first chapter of DwD in season 4.
3360	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Whatever the rules are, I doubt she's reaching anywhere close to the limit. The producers have truncated her storyline for budget reasons, not because they would break the law by showing her more.Either way, one Theon scene would have been enough. He could have just made a one episode cameo like Sallador Saan. Showing his fruitless/pointless storyline throughout the season is only going to be silly because it's an original story and we should be wary of original storylines after Daenery's arc last season.I mean really, how many episodes showing Theon being tortured do we need?The story is NOT original ... it's taken directly from ADWD (taking liberties like the show always does, I'm sure) ... it's not like they just "made up" a story for Theon ... they are just showing the audience AS IT HAPPENS as opposed to flashing back to it through memories later (b/c flashbacks don't work as well with visual medium). Also, AFFC and ADWD happen at the same time ... so some of his parts from ADWD can happen towards the end of season 4. I don't see a problem AT ALL with what they are doing. I think it's going to be great.
3361	kevin1989	2013-04-09	@jenthehen @I blame mance:I see that you understand Theon. Problem is that many book readers still read it as a Harry Potter book, you have good guys and bad guys. That's not the case in this world. There are many grey characters, that did things because of some reason. The reason for Theon is: He wants to belong. Many people have that feeling sometimes, they must try to feel that feeling every second of the day. Robbs reason is: Vengeance since when is vengeance a good reason? He started with his mother (who captured Tyrion) a war. Where many people died. I understand his motives he wants the Lannisters to pay for the crimes they committed (funny that one crime they didn't commit) but did they side with Stannis to put him on the throne. Because that would have been the right chose if you didn't want a lannister on the throne. Or even send someone to get Danereys.  but is vengeance really a better motive for doing something wrong than belonging somewhere? The reason for Stannis faults is: He doesn't want to be king, but he thinks that he must be king because of 2 reasons, he is robert's heir and (for this season) he wants to defeat the WW that are going to threaten westeros and he thinks he is Azor Ahai.Many people make Robb a saint because he is a Stark and the Starks are the first family we are introduced too. If they were introduced to the Lannisters first, they would have been Lannisters fans.But people need their facts straight about Theon and why he do things.- He didn't kill those 2 children.- He killed only because he needed to, the murders the rapes.- he took over Winterfel (his only true crime that's on his hands). but funny thing is that that's not the reason why people hate him.- He betrayed his captor.
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 09 April 2013 - 01:40 PM.
3362	Hoo	2013-04-09	To me, that's tragic. Also, in the book he is seriously about to take the black and is excited about it - i.e. he wants to confess his crimes and have them wiped away and to bring glory to himself in a noble way ... but then just before he decides to do so fully, Ramsay comes and betrays the northmen and essentially ruins everything, b/c Theon thinks he's saved ... but he is so, so, so wrong.I found one excerpt sort of telling, the Greyjoy mantra:  We don't sow, we don't reap, we don't . . . we take what is ours.  In other words they are all criminals, fighting for the throne.  Theon renewed his oath in waters of Pyke.  He made it his goal to be the conqueror. In the pursuit of that goal, he burned two kids.  if you want to say he is tragic in the sense that he is unequal to the task of good leadership, so be it.  But not in my mind.  He is a monster of his own accord.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 09 April 2013 - 01:39 PM.
3363	kevin1989	2013-04-09	I found one excerpt sort of telling, the Greyjoy mantra:  We don't sow, we don't reap, we don't . . . we take what is ours.  In other words they are all criminals, fighting for the throne.  Theon renewed his oath in waters of Pyke.  He made it his goal to be the conqueror. In the pursuit of that goal, he burned two kids.  if you want to say he is tragic in the sense that he is unequal to the task of good leadership, so be it.  But not in my mind.  He is a monster of his own accord.when did he do that? You hate him for a crime he didn't commit.
3364	Maxthestig	2013-04-09	These scenes are the ones I have been waiting for. The 'boy' will be interesting.
So far they have done well. Alfie Allen is good as Theon
3365	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	@jenthehen @I blame mance:I see that you understand Theon. Problem is that many book readers still read it as a Harry Potter book, you have good guys and bad guys. That's not the case in this world. There are many grey characters, that did things because of some reason. The reason for Theon is: He wants to belong. Many people have that feeling sometimes, they must try to feel that feeling every second of the day. Robbs reason is: Vengeance since when is vengeance a good reason? He started with his mother (who captured Tyrion) a war. Where many people died. I understand his motives he wants the Lannisters to pay for the crimes they committed (funny that one crime they didn't commit) but did they side with Stannis to put him on the throne. Because that would have been the right chose if you didn't want a lannister on the throne. Or even send someone to get Danereys.  but is vengeance really a better motive for doing something wrong than belonging somewhere? The reason for Stannis faults is: He doesn't want to be king, but he thinks that he must be king because of 2 reasons, he is robert's heir and (for this season) he wants to defeat the WW that are going to threaten westeros and he thinks he is Azor Ahai.Many people make Robb a saint because he is a Stark and the Starks are the first family we are introduced too. If they were introduced to the Lannisters first, they would have been Lannisters fans.But people need their facts straight about Theon and why he do things.- He didn't kill those 2 children.- He killed only because he needed to, the murders the rapes.- he took over Winterfel (his only true crime that's on his hands). but funny thing is that that's not the reason why people hate him.- He betrayed his captor.*claps* ... I like the "wanting to belong" v. "vengeance" argument. I mean, I don't want to make Theon sound like he is a saint, b/c he's not, but I'm shocked and appalled at how many people seem to really just HATE him. I'm like ... were they watching/reading the same thing I was???
3366	SerMudz	2013-04-09	Not really sure how I feel about this, I'm kind of neutral I guess - Thoen as a character has never really provoked much interest in me. I always found Jaime Lannister to be far more fascinating and better written as far as 'tragic' figures go.
That being said, Alfie Allen's acting has really grown on me and I do think Theon's arc was a higlight of S2 - the show really made the character come alive.
3367	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	when did he do that? You hate him for a crime he didn't commit.To be fair, I think in both book and show he was certainly involved in the murder of the two children. In the book he was pressured by Ramsay to do so (Theon would never have come up with that idea himself, tbh). In the show, he did come up with the idea himself, but he seems to feel guilty (as evidenced by him trying to pay the farmer/miller and then seeming a bit upset when he realizes that his men killed the farmer/miller, too). In the book he has a lot of regret about killing the kids ... he has a nightmare about it, in fact.
3368	insertname	2013-04-09	It is amazing that people can actually feel this way. Robb is a flawed character but being a traitor is factually not one of his flaws.Well I guess letting himself be called "King in the north" could kinda be called treason to his king, Stannis, no?Also, I have to say I'm surprised how rarely Ned gets any Flak. People say "He was always trying to do good", to which I say NO. He's always trying to do the honorable thing, but that's by far not always the same as the right thing. E.g. letting a War with thousands of innocents killed because siding with Renly or LF for the throne wouldn't be "honorable".
3369	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Well I guess letting himself be called "King in the north" could kinda be called treason to his king, Stannis, no?Also, I have to say I'm surprised how rarely Ned gets any Flak. People say "He was always trying to do good", to which I say NO. He's always trying to do the honorable thing, but that's by far not always the same as the right thing. E.g. letting a War with thousands of innocents killed because siding with Renly or LF for the throne wouldn't be "honorable".Not to mention that Ned would absolutely have killed Theon had Balon Greyjoy rebelled at any point after he took Theon as a "ward." Even when he was 10 years old.
3370	sifth	2013-04-09	@jenthehen @I blame mance:I see that you understand Theon. Problem is that many book readers still read it as a Harry Potter book, you have good guys and bad guys. That's not the case in this world. There are many grey characters, that did things because of some reason. The reason for Theon is: He wants to belong. Many people have that feeling sometimes, they must try to feel that feeling every second of the day. Robbs reason is: Vengeance since when is vengeance a good reason? He started with his mother (who captured Tyrion) a war. Where many people died. I understand his motives he wants the Lannisters to pay for the crimes they committed (funny that one crime they didn't commit) but did they side with Stannis to put him on the throne. Because that would have been the right chose if you didn't want a lannister on the throne. Or even send someone to get Danereys.  but is vengeance really a better motive for doing something wrong than belonging somewhere? The reason for Stannis faults is: He doesn't want to be king, but he thinks that he must be king because of 2 reasons, he is robert's heir and (for this season) he wants to defeat the WW that are going to threaten westeros and he thinks he is Azor Ahai.Many people make Robb a saint because he is a Stark and the Starks are the first family we are introduced too. If they were introduced to the Lannisters first, they would have been Lannisters fans.But people need their facts straight about Theon and why he do things.- He didn't kill those 2 children.- He killed only because he needed to, the murders the rapes.- he took over Winterfel (his only true crime that's on his hands). but funny thing is that that's not the reason why people hate him.- He betrayed his captor.your right he killed 2 children and their mother I recallalright tell me I'm wrong. Tell me Ramsay/Clef Jaw talked him into it, that he had no choice. I love people defending children killers, their excuses are always quite fun to heresimply put, getting bad advice from someone is not an excuse for killing children, almost nothing is really
					
					
							Edited by sifth, 09 April 2013 - 01:48 PM.
3371	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	Well I guess letting himself be called "King in the north" could kinda be called treason to his king, Stannis, no?Also, I have to say I'm surprised how rarely Ned gets any Flak. People say "He was always trying to do good", to which I say NO. He's always trying to do the honorable thing, but that's by far not always the same as the right thing. E.g. letting a War with thousands of innocents killed because siding with Renly or LF for the throne wouldn't be "honorable".He WAS always trying to do good. It's just that his idea of what that meant was too unflinching.This traitor thing is out of hand. You can make argument for just about everyone being a traitor, even Joffrey. You can even equivocate Roose because after all he was following a traitor in Robb anyway. Everyone is a traitor, no one is a traitor. Back to square oneBut I will add that as Lord of Winterfell, Robb swore no oath to a king. Maybe a formality, but he never said the words or bent the kneeAt what point do we look at right and wrong before the law, especially in a world where the law is not exactly iron clad?
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 09 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
3372	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	your right he killed 2 children and their mother I recallalright tell me I'm wrong. Tell me Ramsay talk him into it, that he had no choice. I love people defending children killers, their excuses are always quite fun to heresimply put, getting bad advice from someone is not an excuse for killing children, almost nothing is reallyNobody is saying it's ok to kill children. That was horrible. It's supposed to be horrible. However, in light of the world in ASOIF/Game of Thrones and how everyone behaves and how they do things (i.e. taking hostages like Theon that they would kill if their parents rebel, etc.) ... it's not THE WORST POSSIBLE THING. It's like ... people think Theon is the worst character ever b/c he had two children killed. Yes, it was selfish and horrible, but that one act doesn't make him deserving of torture, and he is still sympathetic in light of how his life has been (not that he necessarily has "suffered" like he does later ... but more just the psychology of never belonging, his situation as a hostage, etc.)
3373	sifth	2013-04-09	Nobody is saying it's ok to kill children. That was horrible. It's supposed to be horrible. However, in light of the world in ASOIF/Game of Thrones and how everyone behaves and how they do things (i.e. taking hostages like Theon that they would kill if their parents rebel, etc.) ... it's not THE WORST POSSIBLE THING. It's like ... people think Theon is the worst character ever b/c he had two children killed. Yes, it was selfish and horrible, but that one act doesn't make him deserving of torture, and he is still sympathetic in light of how his life has been (not that he necessarily has "suffered" like he does later ... but more just the psychology of never belonging, his situation as a hostage, etc.)the worst crime no, but still horrible never the lessit's probably the only thing keeping me from ever feeling sorry for Theon. I can not pity someone who did such a horrible crime. I like Theon as a character, but I hate his actions; therefore I can never feel sorry for him when something bad happens. I'm the same way with Tywin, Victarion and a few other characters
3374	kevin1989	2013-04-09	*claps* ... I like the "wanting to belong" v. "vengeance" argument. I mean, I don't want to make Theon sound like he is a saint, b/c he's not, but I'm shocked and appalled at how many people seem to really just HATE him. I'm like ... were they watching/reading the same thing I was???True, I'm not finding him a saint. But who is in the books? Only thing that I hate that many people judge him without even trying to understand why he did that. It's funny that 3 characters GRRM named that are highly misunderstood by many are Theon, Jaime and Mellisandre. To be fair, I think in both book and show he was certainly involved in the murder of the two children. In the book he was pressured by Ramsay to do so (Theon would never have come up with that idea himself, tbh). In the show, he did come up with the idea himself, but he seems to feel guilty (as evidenced by him trying to pay the farmer/miller and then seeming a bit upset when he realizes that his men killed the farmer/miller, too). In the book he has a lot of regret about killing the kids ... he has a nightmare about it, in fact.True, but didn't ramsey not killing the boys himself and Theon only gave a nod ore something like that?and about the show, I had the feeling Dagmer killed the boys in the show.Well I guess letting himself be called "King in the north" could kinda be called treason to his king, Stannis, no?Also, I have to say I'm surprised how rarely Ned gets any Flak. People say "He was always trying to do good", to which I say NO. He's always trying to do the honorable thing, but that's by far not always the same as the right thing. E.g. letting a War with thousands of innocents killed because siding with Renly or LF for the throne wouldn't be "honorable".True, if he did that, there wouldn't be a war. And he did rebelled against the Mad King. Even not telling Robert about Cercei's treason even got robert and himself killed.your right he killed 2 children and their mother I recallalright tell me I'm wrong. Tell me Ramsay/Clef Jaw talked him into it, that he had no choice. I love people defending children killers, their excuses are always quite fun to heresimply put, getting bad advice from someone is not an excuse for killing children, almost nothing is reallyAnd you like Robb? You like Robert? You like Ned?
3375	sifth	2013-04-09	And you like Robb? You like Robert? You like Ned?I hated all 3 characters. Ned was probably my favorite of the group and Robert was funny at times, but it doesn't excuse all 3 characters from being idiots, lol
3376	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	Nobody is saying it's ok to kill children. That was horrible. It's supposed to be horrible. However, in light of the world in ASOIF/Game of Thrones and how everyone behaves and how they do things (i.e. taking hostages like Theon that they would kill if their parents rebel, etc.) ... it's not THE WORST POSSIBLE THING. It's like ... people think Theon is the worst character ever b/c he had two children killed. Yes, it was selfish and horrible, but that one act doesn't make him deserving of torture, and he is still sympathetic in light of how his life has been (not that he necessarily has "suffered" like he does later ... but more just the psychology of never belonging, his situation as a hostage, etc.)I agree. Imo, the torture is over the top. I have very little interest in seeing anymore of it
3377	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	He WAS always trying to do good. It's just that his idea of what that meant was too unflinching.This traitor thing is out of hand. You can make argument for just about everyone being a traitor, even Joffrey. You can even equivocate Roose because after all he was following a traitor in Robb anyway. Everyone is a traitor, no one is a traitor. Back to square oneBut I will add that as Lord of Winterfell, Robb swore no oath to a king. Maybe a formality, but he never said the words or bent the kneeBouncing off the "swearing fealty" thing ... I'm pretty sure Theon never actually bends the knee to Robb in the book, or am I wrong? Like, I'm pretty sure Robb doesn't make him do that, b/c the original plan was for Balon to help Robb and then be elevated to a king again, and Theon would be the heir and eventually King of the Iron Islands ... so it wouldn't do for him to be bannerman to the King in the North, right?Anyway ... I know that's different in the show, and yes, Theon does betray Robb. He does turn his cloak ... but it was really only after turning it agains his father first, right? I mean, not everyone can be strong all the time, and a lot of people would give in to their family if humiliated into it. Was he supposed to leave the Iron Islands and go back to Robb? To turn his back on his family who he DID love and his house who he had a lot of pride in? Would they have let him go? Would Robb have been encouraged to kill him to stop Balon's rebellion? I mean ... there is A LOT at play here. It's not always simply a decision of "do the right thing, or the wrong thing" ... what's tragic is Theon is always thinking he's doing the right thing, and then quickly realizing he's made some horrible mistake or things didn't go the great way he planned.
3378	kevin1989	2013-04-09	I hated all 3 characters. Ned was probably my favorite of the group and Robert was funny at times, but it doesn't excuse all 3 characters from being idiots, lolGood because all 3 are guilty of child murder. Ned at the iron islanders (Theon's brothers were still underage) and probably some of the Nights watch who were underage. Robert ordered the killing of Elia's kids. And robb even killed many innocent people in his war, and probably some kids too.
3379	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Good because all 3 are guilty of child murder. Ned at the iron islanders (Theon's brothers were still underage) and probably some of the Nights watch who were underage. Robert ordered the killing of Elia's kids. And robb even killed many innocent people in his war, and probably some kids too.Robert also wanted Dany and her unborn child killed.A big theme of the books is also the suffering of common people while the lords/royalty are playing their "Game of Thrones" ... no one is 100% innocent. Even Dany's dragons kill innocent people (eating a child, for example).
3380	sifth	2013-04-09	Good because all 3 are guilty of child murder. Ned at the iron islanders (Theon's brothers were still underage) and probably some of the Nights watch who were underage. Robert ordered the killing of Elia's kids. And robb even killed many innocent people in his war, and probably some kids too.Ned didn't' personally kill Theon's brothers; even so they were old enough to take part in war, unlike Theon at the time, so they were probably around Robb and Jon's age. Robert didn't kill Elia's kids, Tywin acted on his own, Robert's crime was not punishing Tywin for doing such a horrible thing. Robb never really hurt anyone outside of the battlefield, though many might have been hurt as a result of his war.you're gona have to try a lot harder than that my friend, ha ha ha
3381	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Ned didn't' personally kill Theon's brothers; even so they were old enough to take part in war, unlike Theon at the time, so they were probably around Robb and Jon's age. Robert didn't kill Elia's kids, Tywin acted on his own, Robert's crime was not punishing Tywin for doing such a horrible thing. Robb never really hurt anyone outside of the battlefield, though many might have been hurt as a result of his war.you're gona have to try a lot harder than that my friend, ha ha haI'm not really sure what we're trying to prove anymore (that hasn't already been stated) ... which characters do you think are "GOOD" if Theon is so awful? Just curious.
3382	sifth	2013-04-09	I'm not really sure what we're trying to prove anymore (that hasn't already been stated) ... which characters do you think are "GOOD" if Theon is so awful? Just curious.Davosedit: The Half Hand and The Old Bear as well
					
					
							Edited by sifth, 09 April 2013 - 02:23 PM.
3383	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	DavosWell, he was a smuggler before he became the "onion knight" ... so he was constantly breaking the law. That's why Stannis chopped his fingers! lol ... so yeah, it's not as bad as killing people, but still ... breaking the law. I agree, he's a great character.I just feel that the only true villains in the story are Joffrey, Ramsay, and Roose. Maybe the Freys, but they had SOME justification that wasn't simply based on selfishness. Cersei is pretty bad, but I give her a bit of a pass for being misguided due to her frustration at being a woman in a man's world.
3384	TheDarkOne	2013-04-09	It makes one wonder how far they will go with the mutilations? In the books it was heavily hinted at that Theon's manhood was cut off. Hopefully the show doesn't hold back and follows through with this. To capture the essence of his story they need to convey all of the suffering.
3385	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	Bouncing off the "swearing fealty" thing ... I'm pretty sure Theon never actually bends the knee to Robb in the book, or am I wrong? Like, I'm pretty sure Robb doesn't make him do that, b/c the original plan was for Balon to help Robb and then be elevated to a king again, and Theon would be the heir and eventually King of the Iron Islands ... so it wouldn't do for him to be bannerman to the King in the North, right?Anyway ... I know that's different in the show, and yes, Theon does betray Robb. He does turn his cloak ... but it was really only after turning it agains his father first, right? I mean, not everyone can be strong all the time, and a lot of people would give in to their family if humiliated into it. Was he supposed to leave the Iron Islands and go back to Robb? To turn his back on his family who he DID love and his house who he had a lot of pride in? Would they have let him go? Would Robb have been encouraged to kill him to stop Balon's rebellion? I mean ... there is A LOT at play here. It's not always simply a decision of "do the right thing, or the wrong thing" ... what's tragic is Theon is always thinking he's doing the right thing, and then quickly realizing he's made some horrible mistake or things didn't go the great way he planned.I think that's right about the books. It's been too long for me to remember anything else that would hint to it. Certainly as a confidant, man in battle and emissary for Robb it is more than implied. But it is also true that being Lord of Winterfell and having dominion over the North implies fealty to the Iron Throne as well. What was keeping Theon from leaving? Do we have any indication that he would have otherwise fled had Robb not sent him to Balon?Thing is that Robb offers Theon a way to have his cake and eat it too. That is to remain loyal to the Starks and his born family AND keeping his claim. Of course Balon is an asshole of the first order. I agree with everything else you wrote. And I don't think he is an evil person at heart.I understand the family dynamic at play for Theon and I can certainly reason out why he did what he did. My biggest problem with Theon when he goes is home is at what point do you decide that your blood family are a bunch of douchebags and leave them behind? I understand it is not easy, but people separate themselves from their family for these very reasons.What I am saying is that in general I can understand taking the side of a blood family vs. an adoptive/ward family. But when it is Greyjoy vs. Stark, it becomes an easier choice, imo and one that he was fully aware of.
3386	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	It makes one wonder how far they will go with the mutilations? In the books it was heavily hinted at that Theon's manhood was cut off. Hopefully the show doesn't hold back and follows through with this. To capture the essence of his story they need to convey all of the suffering.You want Ramsey to hold up a sausage in the front of the camera? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3387	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	I understand the family dynamic at play for Theon and I can certainly reason out why he did what he did. My biggest problem with Theon when he goes is home is at what point do you decide that your blood family are a bunch of douchebags and leave them behind? I understand it is not easy, but people separate themselves from their family for these very reasons.What I am saying is that in general I can understand taking the side of a blood family vs. an adoptive/ward family. But when it is Greyjoy vs. Stark, it becomes an easier choice, imo and one that he was fully aware of.I think severing ties with your family b/c they assholes is a very modern notion, though. Families/houses have HUGE meaning in the world of ASOIAF. He also did spend his first 10 years with them. I think during his time as a prisoner of the Starks, he kind of ... built up his family / House in his mind, though? Sort of as a defense mechanism and to keep his pride. He brags about the Greyjoys and thinks about his inheritance a lot ... so it was a huge disappointment when he comes home to strangers who don't know him and don't like him. He tries desperately to salvage the fantasy of his family that he had built up for 10 years ... he doesn't even realize that he's simultaneously trying to be like a Stark, and the two cannot coincide.
3388	TheDarkOne	2013-04-09	You want Ramsey to hold up a sausage in the front of the camera?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Not so much that, but something shot in a way to convey the deed was done. Think about the scene where Joff had the singers tongue removed and it happened in the distance, same thing just different appendage. It could be shot in the same way.
3389	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Not so much that, but something shot in a way to convey the deed was done. Think about the scene where Joff had the singers tongue removed and it happened in the distance, same thing just different appendage. It could be shot in the same way.Isn't there still some dispute as to exactly what has happened to Theon's genitalia? Like, GRRM hinted at some point that we'll find out for sure?
3390	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	I found one excerpt sort of telling, the Greyjoy mantra:  We don't sow, we don't reap, we don't . . . we take what is ours.  In other words they are all criminals, fighting for the throne.  Theon renewed his oath in waters of Pyke.  He made it his goal to be the conqueror. In the pursuit of that goal, he burned two kids.  if you want to say he is tragic in the sense that he is unequal to the task of good leadership, so be it.  But not in my mind.  He is a monster of his own accord.your right he killed 2 children and their mother I recallalright tell me I'm wrong. Tell me Ramsay/Clef Jaw talked him into it, that he had no choice. I love people defending children killers, their excuses are always quite fun to heresimply put, getting bad advice from someone is not an excuse for killing children, almost nothing is really /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> With both of you, "the road to hell is paved with the best intentions", and yet people on here are defending his actions based on his motivations...Nobody is saying it's ok to kill children. That was horrible. It's supposed to be horrible. However, in light of the world in ASOIF/Game of Thrones and how everyone behaves and how they do things (i.e. taking hostages like Theon that they would kill if their parents rebel, etc.) ... it's not THE WORST POSSIBLE THING. It's like ... people think Theon is the worst character ever b/c he had two children killed. Yes, it was selfish and horrible, but that one act doesn't make him deserving of torture, and he is still sympathetic in light of how his life has been (not that he necessarily has "suffered" like he does later ... but more just the psychology of never belonging, his situation as a hostage, etc.)Whoa, what do you consider the "worse thing" if skinning two innocent boys faces are no big deal. This from the show wiki: Lord Umber declared that there was only one king he would ever serve, the King in the North. Rickard Karstark, Maege Mormont, Galbart Glover and Jonos Bracken, a local river lord, were among those who swore fealty to Robb, as did Theon Greyjoy. The call was then taken up by all of Robb's bannermen, chanting "the King in the North!".[So at least in the show Theon swears an oath of fealty to Robb.  This is probably in the book too but i couldn't find the relevant passage thru google (don't have my copy sorry).In any case that makes Theon a turncloak.  Then after turning his cloak to serve his father once again, Theon explicitely disobeys his father's orders in search of greater glory...Theon chose those things, just as he chose to continue this folly (holding WF) even after Asha/Yara does everything she can to talk some sense into him.  Just as he chose to execute someone, and kill two kids in the hopes he could save himself from the shame of failure.  Not to mention loosing a known criminal from the WF dungeon's to his woe...Do I feel sorry for him after all that he's been through?  Sure, but does that excuse any of his choices?  Nope, he got what he deserved because 1. It is a direct consequence of his actions, and 2. His motivations were never anything but selfish.
3391	kevin1989	2013-04-09	Ned didn't' personally kill Theon's brothers; even so they were old enough to take part in war, unlike Theon at the time, so they were probably around Robb and Jon's age. Robert didn't kill Elia's kids, Tywin acted on his own, Robert's crime was not punishing Tywin for doing such a horrible thing. Robb never really hurt anyone outside of the battlefield, though many might have been hurt as a result of his war.you're gona have to try a lot harder than that my friend, ha ha haRobert wants Danny killed. Robb killed not only in the battle field, he killed fisher villagers, who weren't armed, probably some children with it. Same as for Ned, there is a change that there were a couple of children who belong to the NW that he killed. I just meant that the Theon part struck people hard because he was working against the Starks. Cat killed an innocent child in SoS, nobody does you hear about that.Davosedit: The Half Hand and The Old Bear as wellthe Half-hand killed innocent wildlings. Probably some children. But is this right because they are wildlings?And Davos is one of my favorites.And don't get me wrong, I hate children murders. But Theon warned bran. Listen to me and no harm come to you. They should have listen.but still when innocent people got killed (and children) in my book it's not a difference to what Theon did or what Robb did. Robb started a war, where thousands and thousands of innocent people were killed. If he hadn't go to war, these people would have lived.
3392	Hoo	2013-04-09	But Theon warned bran. Listen to me and no harm come to you. They should have listen.smh
3393	kevin1989	2013-04-09	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> With both of you, "the road to hell is paved with the best intentions", and yet people on here are defending his actions based on his motivations...Whoa, what do you consider the "worse thing" if skinning two innocent boys faces are no big deal.This from the show wiki:Lord Umber declared that there was only one king he would ever serve, the King in the North. Rickard Karstark, Maege Mormont, Galbart Glover and Jonos Bracken, a local river lord, were among those who swore fealty to Robb, as did Theon Greyjoy. The call was then taken up by all of Robb's bannermen, chanting "the King in the North!".[So at least in the show Theon swears an oath of fealty to Robb.  This is probably in the book too but i couldn't find the relevant passage thru google (don't have my copy sorry).In any case that makes Theon a turncloak.  Then after turning his cloak to serve his father once again, Theon explicitely disobeys his father's orders in search of greater glory...Theon chose those things, just as he chose to continue this folly (holding WF) even after Asha/Yara does everything she can to talk some sense into him.  Just as he chose to execute someone, and kill two kids in the hopes he could save himself from the shame of failure.  Not to mention loosing a known criminal from the WF dungeon's to his woe...Do I feel sorry for him after all that he's been through?  Sure, but does that excuse any of his choices?  Nope, he got what he deserved because 1. It is a direct consequence of his actions, and 2. His motivations were never anything but selfish.The boys were dead before skinning. And as you said the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Robb included.
3394	kevin1989	2013-04-09	smh???I understand why they left. But still was it the right chose? Those boys would be alive. And even they left their people. The people who they should have been protecting. If Bran felled he needed to help his people, why did he leave?
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 09 April 2013 - 03:05 PM.
3395	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	I think severing ties with your family b/c they assholes is a very modern notion, though. Families/houses have HUGE meaning in the world of ASOIAF. He also did spend his first 10 years with them. I think during his time as a prisoner of the Starks, he kind of ... built up his family / House in his mind, though? Sort of as a defense mechanism and to keep his pride. He brags about the Greyjoys and thinks about his inheritance a lot ... so it was a huge disappointment when he comes home to strangers who don't know him and don't like him. He tries desperately to salvage the fantasy of his family that he had built up for 10 years ... he doesn't even realize that he's simultaneously trying to be like a Stark, and the two cannot coincide.Fair points
3396	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	I think I might just have to agree to disagree ... b/c I don't necessarily disagree about a lot of what the Theon haters are saying, I think I just feel differently about it. Like, to me, suffering perhaps the cruelest fate in the books thus far as a result of your own failings and mistakes is ridiculously tragic and sad. He was never an evil person to begin with, either, so I just cannot think that he deserves it.
3397	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	The boys were dead before skinning.Oh, well that makes it all okay then! /end sarcasmAnd as you said the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Robb included.I'm not defending Robb or anyone else, just wondering why theon is being defended...
3398	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Oh, well that makes it all okay then! /end sarcasmI'm not defending Robb or anyone else, just wondering why theon is being defended...Probably b/c his character is one of the most complex in the story, so there is a lot of material to discuss and contention between fans.
3399	Sun	2013-04-09	Theon is a scumbag. He was a scumbag in AGOT, a royal scumbag in ACOK, and a broken, pathetic, cowed scumbag in ADWD. I feel sorry for him for what he has suffered, no one deserves that, but I certainly do not forget what he is, or what he did.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 April 2013 - 03:05 PM.
3400	kevin1989	2013-04-09	But back to Theon: Do you think it's fair to take a child from his parents? Do you know what psychical damage this will cost the child? We know from Cat's perspective that they never treated Theon as if he was part of the family. Try to imagine that you lived with you're family, one thing is know, Theon's mother loved him. He gets love from his mother. One day he get taken away to a strange place at a crucial time in everybody's life (puberty). From now one he doesn't get one bit of love anymore, but he sees that his captors love their children. (Jon even got Ned, Theon got nothing) every day he is reminded. You are a prisoner here, be thankful. Every day he is reminded that if his father make one mistake he is dead. the question is why he didn't try to escape earlier.If there's one person out here that has the same kind of life, he or she is the only one to judge. At least how bad my life is or isn't. I would never would have the life that Theon had. I come from a broken home, with fights every day and even I don't want to change my life for that of Theon.Oh, well that makes it all okay then! /end sarcasmI'm not defending Robb or anyone else, just wondering why theon is being defended...No not. Only thing is that it gave me the impression that you though that they weren't. Read above why I defend Theon. Just as I stated not everybody has it easy.But Strange that GRRM stated that he thinks that Theon is very misunderstand. He defends him too a lot of times, same as Jaime en Melisandre.
3401	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	Theon is a scumbag. He was a scumbag in AGOT, a royal scumbag in ACOK, and a broken, pathetic, cowed scumbag in ADWD. I feel sorry for him for what he has suffered, no one deserves that, but I certainly do not forget what he is, or what he did. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> If there was still a "like" button...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Endrew Tarth, 09 April 2013 - 03:18 PM.
3402	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	But back to Theon: Do you think it's fair to take a child from his parents? Do you know what psychical damage this will cost the child? We know from Cat's perspective that they never treated Theon as if he was part of the family. Try to imagine that you lived with you're family, one thing is know, Theon's mother loved him. He gets love from his mother. One day he get taken away to a strange place at a crucial time in everybody's life (puberty). From now one he doesn't get one bit of love anymore, but he sees that his captors love their children. (Jon even got Ned, Theon got nothing) every day he is reminded. You are a prisoner here, be thankful. Every day he is reminded that if his father make one mistake he is dead. the question is why he didn't try to escape earlier.If there's one person out here that has the same kind of life, he or she is the only one to judge. At least how bad my life is or isn't. I would never would have the life that Theon had. I come from a broken home, with fights every day and even I don't want to change my life for that of Theon.No not. Only thing is that it gave me the impression that you though that they weren't. Read above why I defend Theon. Just as I stated not everybody has it easy.But Strange that GRRM stated that he thinks that Theon is very misunderstand. He defends him too a lot of times, same as Jaime en Melisandre.This goes in circles. Theon was only taken because his father chose his own glory over the safety of his own sons.What you call a 'mistake' is willful and knowledgeable  action by Balon that would put his son directly at risk. It's not like Theon would be killed if Balon failed a piss test on his probation. As far as I know, Balon is fine so long as he didn't rebel against Robert anymore or do anything blatant.The same guy (Balon) whose actions put Theon in the position he is in is the same guy Theon sides withI would also add that Theon's real fear of Ice is not that he think Ned will kill him on a whim, but that he is more afraid that his father will do something stupid
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 09 April 2013 - 03:24 PM.
3403	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	But back to Theon: Do you think it's fair to take a child from his parents? Do you know what psychical damage this will cost the child? We know from Cat's perspective that they never treated Theon as if he was part of the family. Try to imagine that you lived with you're family, one thing is know, Theon's mother loved him. He gets love from his mother. One day he get taken away to a strange place at a crucial time in everybody's life (puberty). From now one he doesn't get one bit of love anymore, but he sees that his captors love their children. (Jon even got Ned, Theon got nothing) every day he is reminded. You are a prisoner here, be thankful. Every day he is reminded that if his father make one mistake he is dead. the question is why he didn't try to escape earlier.If there's one person out here that has the same kind of life, he or she is the only one to judge. At least how bad my life is or isn't. I would never would have the life that Theon had. I come from a broken home, with fights every day and even I don't want to change my life for that of Theon.No not. Only thing is that it gave me the impression that you though that they weren't. Read above why I defend Theon. Just as I stated not everybody has it easy.But Strange that GRRM stated that he thinks that Theon is very misunderstand. He defends him too a lot of times, same as Jaime en Melisandre.Dude, Theon is a fictional character, he doesn't have feelings...You had a tough childhood, I had a tough childhood, WTH does that have to do with the fictional character theon killing innocent boys and getting tortured?If Theon had "just escaped earlier" then the iron islands would be put to the sword...  It would be a breach of the peace.Would u rather Ned and co. just put them to the sword in the first place?  Is having your entire family killed and house distinguished preferable to living as a ward?
3404	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	If this were livejournal, it would have devolved into gifs by now. Hah.
I don't think Theon is afraid of his father doing something stupid ... who would you blame in his situation? Your father/family or your captors?
3405	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	If this were livejournal, it would have devolved into gifs by now. Hah.I don't think Theon is afraid of his father doing something stupid ... who would you blame in his situation? Your father/family or your captors?Idk. But I don't think anyone that saw Ned Stark on a daily basis would think he would kill Theon for any reason other than Balon breaking his agreement
3406	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	Idk. But I don't think anyone that saw Ned Stark on a daily basis would think he would kill Theon for any reason other than Balon breaking his agreementOh yeah, I agree, but Theon could be nervous about being killed without blaming his father / hating his father over it ... like, he was raised by people who "reave" right? He would probably justify that in his mind, and blame the enemies of his family who took him away from his family and would actually swing the sword.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 09 April 2013 - 03:52 PM.
3407	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	Oh yeah, I agree, but Theon could be nervous about being killed without blaming his father / hating his father over it ... like, he was raised by people who "reave" right? He would probably justify that in his mind, and blame the enemies of his family who took you away from your family and would actually swing the sword.Oh ok. So he is just being a Greyjoy /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> and maybe that's the point after all. I expect too much of him
3408	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	When I think of Theon, I honestly can't separate anything he's done from a terrified 10 year old child being taken from his family, understanding that he could and would be killed ... and then also think about the person he becomes after Ramsay. And my heart hurts. And everything in between is forgiven. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3409	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-09	I hope HBO continues to show Theons torture and transformation into Reek.
Its an important part of the show and it helps establish Ramsay as the shows joint most evil bugger (the other co-holder of the title being Gregor Clegane).
I dont think we are gonna get the Lady Hornwood angle and so its best to go with this.
3410	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	Theon was never the killer. Jamie did more to kill a child then Theon ever did. Giving Jamie an excuse is awful. We arent making an excuse for Theon but specifying he is NOT THE MURDERED, that he was involved in the conspiracy of child murder if his crime is to be labeled.When I think of Theon, I honestly can't separate anything he's done from a terrified 10 year old child being taken from his family, understanding that he could and would be killed ... and then also think about the person he becomes after Ramsay. And my heart hurts. And everything in between is forgiven. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Exactly Theon's "life" was taken from him by Ned, then again by Ramsay. Death was a sweeter gift then a cursed life.I also want to add anything Ramsay has ever done from the fall of Winterfell to the fall of Moat Cailin he needed Theon to do. Ramsay would be NOTHING if not for Theon.
					
					
							Edited by I BLAME MANCE, 09 April 2013 - 06:16 PM.
3411	Pretty Meris	2013-04-09	Reek, Reek it rhymes with meek! Poor Theon, though Reek chapters were some of my favourites so I am excited to see the transformation!
I liked how the Bolton Flags and sigils had a definite presence in the Rob scenes and at the bridge scene, reminding you who was currently on that flaying cross thingy.
3412	Asshai by the Shadow	2013-04-09	I'm not sure if someone posted about this in this forum or where I saw it but he/she had a really good point. 
If the character of 'REEK' did not appear how he did in the books, then Ramsay may not ever call Theon 'Reek' because it would not be justified. Unless Ramsay tells Theon in the show that he used to have a Reek and now Theon will become his new Reek or something like that... Just curious...
3413	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	I'm not sure if someone posted about this in this forum or where I saw it but he/she had a really good point.If the character of 'REEK' did not appear how he did in the books, then Ramsay may not ever call Theon 'Reek' because it would not be justified. Unless Ramsay tells Theon in the show that he used to have a Reek and now Theon will become his new Reek or something like that... Just curious...Personally, I'm not so much of a "book purist" that I mind if they change around the "Reek" thing ... I mean, so long as the point (i.e. Theon is a deranged, completely broken and pathetic person now), it's fine. I mean, maybe the Reek thing is too complicated for the show or maybe it would end up seeming silly or something, I dunno ... it just needs to be horrifying and evoke pity in the viewer, whatever they do. Maybe they can be more vague or use some different name or whatever.
3414	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	Why would it be a problem if Ramsay calls Theon Reek?  It would just be something Ramsay calls him to mock him for how pathetic he is after being tortured and broken.
Also it would be easy for Ramsay to explain that there had been another Reek who died and now he wants Theon to take his place.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 09 April 2013 - 10:44 PM.
3415	Dragon Doll	2013-04-10	I feel terribly sorry for him.
But he's kinda stupid. There's so many moments when you just wanna tell him "Nope, that's the wrong decision. How do you really see that playing out?"
Its probably coz he's a little bit spineless and then over-compensating for it.
Still a good character to follow. He wouldn't be nearly as interesting from another person's perspective.
3416	Mathiuscrom	2013-04-10	Poor old Theon,
He had to do something but he gets smashed!!
3417	kevin1989	2013-04-10	Dude, Theon is a fictional character, he doesn't have feelings...You had a tough childhood, I had a tough childhood, WTH does that have to do with the fictional character theon killing innocent boys and getting tortured?If Theon had "just escaped earlier" then the iron islands would be put to the sword...  It would be a breach of the peace.Would u rather Ned and co. just put them to the sword in the first place?  Is having your entire family killed and house distinguished preferable to living as a ward?I know he is fictional character. Only thing that bugs me is that people are judging him as a character without even knowing the slightest how it feels to be in his position. A little bit of empathy, if you don't empathize with a character you can never call him wrong or right, because you don't understand them. And yes he's fictional, but if he's fictional and I don't have the right to find him a tragic person, than you don't have the say that he has it coming. We all defending or attacking him as if he was he real character.But you would be amazed how many people in real life that we call heroes did terrible things, even kill innocent children. (I don't say that Theon is a hero, but I think that his DwD Theon I chapter he did a heroic job)But do people hate Cat too because she killed an innocent child (Jinglebells never did something wrong, but she killed the boy)
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 10 April 2013 - 05:52 AM.
3418	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-10	Reek's in part just a persona for brokenwretched!Theon. It has meaning for Ramsay (he's a possessive boyfriend jacked up to 20) but I don't think Theon has to be called "Reek" to have the essence of Reek...even if I'd love them to find a way to work the sing-songs in without it being stupid Nightmare on Elm Street vibey. Maybe Ramsay's favorite way to taunt him. Like, Ramsay drags him close and sing-song-whispers "Reek Reek...it rhymes with...weak!"
I'm curious to see how they portray Ramsay. I mean, I'm sure it'll be close to the book, but I'm always interested in seeing what facets get changed around. Like Jorah being more dashing/less creepy, Cersei seeming more pensive, etc. Same thing in terms of relationships. I think they'll milk Theon and Ramsay's effed up squicky relationship for all it's worth. 
Hehe, my dad didn't realize Ramsay was the Boy. He thought it was the chunky torturer. After I set him straight he said, "Oh that's actually neat. He looks rather delicate and pretty...to have him be this vicious psychopath will be awesome."
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 10 April 2013 - 08:20 AM.
3419	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	Theon basically the Stiffmeister of Game Thrones, he is a pathetic loser, and that is what makes him a totally awesome character.He looks rather delicate and pretty...to have him be this vicious psychopath will be awesome."I agree. Most psychopaths in reality are actually attractive and intelligent people, they are charismatic.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 10 April 2013 - 08:54 AM.
3420	Sun	2013-04-10	I'm not sure if someone posted about this in this forum or where I saw it but he/she had a really good point.If the character of 'REEK' did not appear how he did in the books, then Ramsay may not ever call Theon 'Reek' because it would not be justified. Unless Ramsay tells Theon in the show that he used to have a Reek and now Theon will become his new Reek or something like that... Just curious...Reek as a name in the books symbolises enslavement. A person with no will of his won, only his maters. The name "Boy" in the show will serve the same purpose. Theon will most likely turn into Boy.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 10 April 2013 - 11:48 AM.
3421	Ser  Vogler	2013-04-10	I think i have a hole in my memory..
You should know that i finished reading AFfC..
I cant really remember what happened to Theon after he got captured by Ramsay. Can someone refresh my old brain?
Or anyway what even was mentioned about him..
I was aware already that Theon get tortured in ADwD.. because of a Picture showing him with Blood and there is a connection to Ramsay.
So without spoiling me for what will happen to him in ADwD i want to know what happened to him after he got captured by Ramsay.
Thx in advance.. and i always thought i had a brilliant capacity for remembering. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3422	WinterKing	2013-04-10	I don't hate Theon for conquering WF or the kids, but he did betray Robb.
3423	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	That scene was awesome, it was everything I imagined as the first meeting of that duo.
3424	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	I think i have a hole in my memory..You should know that i finished reading AFfC..I cant really remember what happened to Theon after he got captured by Ramsay. Can someone refresh my old brain?Or anyway what even was mentioned about him..I was aware already that Theon get tortured in ADwD.. because of a Picture showing him with Blood and there is a connection to Ramsay.So without spoiling me for what will happen to him in ADwD i want to know what happened to him after he got captured by Ramsay.Thx in advance.. and i always thought i had a brilliant capacity for remembering. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Well, it's kind of impossible to not spoil ADWD since you don't really find out what happened to Theon until ADWD ... you find out through his first chapter flashbacks/memories what happened in between ACOK and ADWD and then it goes forward with more stuff happening.  So ... yeah.
3425	Ser  Vogler	2013-04-10	Jenthehen.. okay thank you!
So that means i didnt missed out on something. Will be carefully to not spoil me about more details.
But why is it then in the Show? I guess they dont want use flashbacks and keep fan favourites still in the show.
3426	Maester Ruin	2013-04-10	I don't hate Theon for conquering WF or the kids, but he did betray Robb.In order to remain loyal to his family. He was in a spot where he had to choose a side, he could not possibly please both his father and robb. He decided to obey his Father, wich i think even Ned Stark would agree was the "Right" (by westeros ethics) thing to do in his situation.
3427	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Jenthehen.. okay thank you!So that means i didnt missed out on something. Will be carefully to not spoil me about more details.But why is it then in the Show? I guess they dont want use flashbacks and keep fan favourites still in the show.It wouldn't work in the show to have a character be gone for two seasons, or even one for that matter (given the huge cast already) and when he is re-introduced we see he is drastically changed without any knowledge of what happened to him. Plus, Theon is one of D&D's favourite characters, his storyline this season is going to be amazing I can tell already. They are basically filling in the holes from the book when it comes to Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 12:31 PM.
3428	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	Jenthehen.. okay thank you!So that means i didnt missed out on something. Will be carefully to not spoil me about more details.But why is it then in the Show? I guess they dont want use flashbacks and keep fan favourites still in the show.Well, the flashbacks/memories fill you in on what was happening to Theon during ASOS / parts of AFFC (most of AFFC and ADWD are at about the same time, though). Using flashbacks/narration wouldn't work as well for a tv show, I think ... it's smart of them to just show what's happening in real time along with the rest of the stories ... I'm sure they will combine AFFC and ADWD events, too.
3429	FacelessSnow	2013-04-10	In terms of the Reek = Theon anxiety, I think people have to remember that chronologically there is a lot of time before the aDwD stuff Theon goes through, and considering its obvious the producers plan on keeping Alfie throughout the show, this give the 3 seasons (not including this one) worth of writing stories for his character.  Reek and his connection to Theon could be introduced next season.  
Personally I think they are going to end this season with Theon acknowledging that he is Ramsey's slave first and foremost.  Reek could just be an arbitrary name Ramsey gives him because it rhymes with freak.  After the Ramsey "games"  I could see them using the story having Ramsey torture Theon until Theon psychologically accepts his name is Reek.  Maybe referencing Roots whipping scenes just flaying instead.
"What is your name"
"Theon Greyjoy"
-screams (repeat 3x)
"What is your name boy!"
"Reek...Reek it rhymes with freak."
3430	Dove	2013-04-10	In order to remain loyal to his family. He was in a spot where he had to choose a side, he could not possibly please both his father and robb. He decided to obey his Father, wich i think even Ned Stark would agree was the "Right" (by westeros ethics) thing to do in his situation.He was really in a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. He obviously desperately craved his father's approval, and after being held as a hostage for most of his life + having not left the Iron Islands until he was like 10 (which is pretty late, so he still has really strong memories of home) it's no wonder that he did what he did.I disliked him at first but came around before the end of ACoK even, to me Theon Greyjoy is probably the most genuinely well-written and nuanced character GRRM's done even if Arya is my "favorite" at heart. His ADWD story of slowly regaining his identity is incredible. It's a shame that the point of his character is so fundamentally misunderstood by most fans, it's nice to see a few defenders around here.I'm looking forward to seeing his story on the screen, as Alfie Allen and Iwan Rheon are great actors. The one thing I'm not looking forward to is Ramsay fangirls and shippers and all that, it's kind of sad and weird on a primal level. Ramsay-chan~~ (lol, being a little melodramatic there but you know what I mean. Ugh.)
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 10 April 2013 - 04:58 PM.
3431	freetickles	2013-04-10	Reek as a name in the books symbolises enslavement. A person with no will of his won, only his maters. The name "Boy" in the show will serve the same purpose. Theon will most likely turn into Boy.I'm pretty sure "Boy" won't be used as Ramsay's name on the show. It was only for purposes of identifying Iwan's character on IMDB, etc. without giving away who he's playing.
3432	Sun	2013-04-10	I'm pretty sure "Boy" won't be used as Ramsay's name on the show. It was only for purposes of identifying Iwan's character on IMDB, etc. without giving away who he's playing.You may be right. I happen to think that it would make a good, no exposition needed, substitute for Reek, and that maybe why they chose it for the online credit subterfuge.
3433	further56	2013-04-10	The actor portraying the "boy" is going to be excellent.  He was the best part of the British TV show "The Misfits".  and while he wasn't playing a sadistic character in that show, he has a superhuman ability to go from looking sweet and innocent to really creepy in a split second.  I can't wait for when he reveals his true nature.
3434	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-10	I was really glad that they didn't drop his storyline until the show got to book 5; would've hated his character being MIA for so long
3435	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-10	Yeah, Theon can't disappear that long. He's not Faith from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. 
My only regret is I know Tumblr will be crawling with Theon/Ramsay shippers. I'm either going to ruin my keyboard from laugh-spitting coffee or have a painful need for brain bleach.
3436	Lady Arwen	2013-04-10	Yeah, Theon can't disappear that long. He's not Faith from Buffy the Vampire Slayer.My only regret is I know Tumblr will be crawling with Theon/Ramsay shippers. I'm either going to ruin my keyboard from laugh-spitting coffee or have a painful need for brain bleach. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
3437	Dove	2013-04-10	My only regret is I know Tumblr will be crawling with Theon/Ramsay shippers. I'm either going to ruin my keyboard from laugh-spitting coffee or have a painful need for brain bleach.http://i.imgur.com/l2sJi.gif (my face irl at the thought)I should probably find it hilarious but it sort of legit bums me out that people are like this. Fandom. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 10 April 2013 - 08:17 PM.
3438	Montey14	2013-04-10	I LOVED how they managed to create a bit of mistery around what is happening to Theon. The non-book readers will be astonished when they learn the truth!I think it would be pretty obvious where he is ...just by looking at the contraption he's in and how the directors always seem to zero in on a certain northern lords sigil....
3439	Montey14	2013-04-10	I was really glad that they didn't drop his storyline until the show got to book 5; would've hated his character being MIA for so longIn a way this is part of book 5...because theon recounts very vividly how ramsay and his pets torture him in book 5 flash backs.....maybe they'll pick up his story line  again back in the dungeon eating rats....
3440	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	I think it would be pretty obvious where he is ...just by looking at the contraption he's in and how the directors always seem to zero in on a certain northern lords sigil....Based on my conversation with non-book-readers, it isn't obvious at all. It seems obvious for us, b/c we know everything and are super into the story and paying attention to every detail and not at all confused as to who anyone is. For the casual viewer (i.e. those who have only watched each episode of the entire show once) they are still struggling to remember who everyone is. They don't pick up on name drops and they aren't paying a lot of attention to sigils.  Without reading the books, you'd have to be REALLY into the show and REALLY good at remembering and noticing details.I mean, the hints are certainly there, but it seems OMG SO OBVIOUS to us, but I don't think it actually is ... lol. Not to mention that a lot of fans might not be thinking too hard about it ... I'm, like, obsessed with Theon, so I'm overly analyzing.
3441	Montey14	2013-04-10	Based on my conversation with non-book-readers, it isn't obvious at all. It seems obvious for us, b/c we know everything and are super into the story and paying attention to every detail and not at all confused as to who anyone is. For the casual viewer (i.e. those who have only watched each episode of the entire show once) they are still struggling to remember who everyone is. They don't pick up on name drops and they aren't paying a lot of attention to sigils.  Without reading the books, you'd have to be REALLY into the show and REALLY good at remembering and noticing details.I mean, the hints are certainly there, but it seems OMG SO OBVIOUS to us, but I don't think it actually is ... lol. Not to mention that a lot of fans might not be thinking too hard about it ... I'm, like, obsessed with Theon, so I'm overly analyzing.I don't know ....I was watching the show with a non reader and she kind of picked up on the flayed man contraption pretty quickly....I just thought that it would be pretty obvious being that Roose Bolton unabashedly displays that hideous sigil so prominently....he seems to be the only northern lord to display it on his cloaks and armor....
3442	Montey14	2013-04-10	I think i have a hole in my memory..You should know that i finished reading AFfC..I cant really remember what happened to Theon after he got captured by Ramsay. Can someone refresh my old brain?Or anyway what even was mentioned about him..I was aware already that Theon get tortured in ADwD.. because of a Picture showing him with Blood and there is a connection to Ramsay.So without spoiling me for what will happen to him in ADwD i want to know what happened to him after he got captured by Ramsay.Thx in advance.. and i always thought i had a brilliant capacity for remembering. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Well in the books the Theon is not seen or heard from until book 5....books 3 and 4 make no mention of him until his story line picks up again as Reek in book 5....and through his recolections in book 5 we see how ramsay decunstructs him and completely takes his identity ...and transforms him into his own personal pet...though he wasn't really tortured in ADWD...he recounts of his tortureduring the time that books 3 and 4 are going on
3443	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	I don't know ....I was watching the show with a non reader and she kind of picked up on the flayed man contraption pretty quickly....I just thought that it would be pretty obvious being that Roose Bolton unabashedly displays that hideous sigil so prominently....he seems to be the only northern lord to display it on his cloaks and armor....It's definitely possible to pick up on it, but it probably depends on the viewer. I'm just saying it isn't necessarily "obvious" ... it probably depends on which characters the watcher likes the best, tbh. You know, which stories they are paying the most attention to ... like, I've read a couple reviews of this episode that don't mention Theon at all, and I'm thinking HOW IS THAT NOT THE ONE THING BURNED IN YOUR MIND!?!
3444	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-10	My only regret is I know Tumblr will be crawling with Theon/Ramsay shippers. I'm either going to ruin my keyboard from laugh-spitting coffee or have a painful need for brain bleach.Ship, Ship, it sounds like "....oh, Shit..."[you have to know your meme]
3445	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	Ship, Ship, it sounds like "....oh, Shit..."[you have to know your meme]OH GOD THAT IS PERFECT.
3446	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-11	Not a traitor? Joffrey is King and he is rebelling against him. And even if you say, Joffrey is not trully the king he isn't a baratheon, then he should have helped Stannis, he didn't helped Stannis, that way he still is a traitor. He and Renly are the 2 kings that haven't have any claim to the throne or being a king. In fact if you debate who deserves the throne, only Joffrey, Stannis and Danny are part of it. Because they have in some way a claim to the throne. Joffrey because he is legally the son of Robert. Stannis because if you look at blood he is the one that needs to follow up Robert. And you can even say that Robert was a traitor and than the throne belongs to Danny.Don't get me wrong, I understand why Robb is rebelling and why he being a traitor. But that doesn't mean I close my eyes because Robb is one of the good guys is just wrong imo.Nope. Not a traitor at all. He is guilty of Sedition not Treachery.1) Robb has no idea about the parentage of Joffrey. He is rebelling against Joffreys unjust acts and the Lannisters2) No he should not have supported Stannis. Stannis is guilty of Treachery as was Renly. Tommen is next in line to the throne followed by Myrcella.3) The North bent the knee to the Targaryens. The end of the Targaryens means they are not beholden to the oath of King BranThat said, Robb is an idiot. Catelyn lost me in the books with the release of Ser Jaime. Robb lost me with the marriage to Jayne/Talisa.Now to Theon. A doltish fool playing games way over his head. The purpose is to not feel sorry for him yet. It is to be seen as run-of-the-mill torture. Once the reveal of the Bastard of Bolton and the scale of the torture is realised, then certain other betrayals will have happened. The whole purpose is to create the emotional roller-coaster.The claim that 'Robb deserves it more than Theon' is crackpot bugnuttery. Theon is a complex character but a 'good guy' he aint. And no one deserves it other than the Bastard.----As for another claim by someone that the Greyjoys are good guys and anyone who says otherwise is a Stark sycophant - more crackpot bugnuttery. Try saying that to any of the small folk along the west coast who have had anything that could be carried stolen, anything that couldn't burnt and anything that moved raped by the Iron Born for hundreds of years. And Theon, as complex as he is, has this as his blood heritage.I love the job Alfie is doing though. Thoroughly enjoying his performance.
3447	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Nope. Not a traitor at all. He is guilty of Sedition not Treachery.1) Robb has no idea about the parentage of Joffrey. He is rebelling against Joffreys unjust acts and the Lannisters2) No he should not have supported Stannis. Stannis is guilty of Treachery as was Renly. Tommen is next in line to the throne followed by Myrcella.3) The North bent the knee to the Targaryens. The end of the Targaryens means they are not beholden to the oath of King BranThat said, Robb is an idiot. Catelyn lost me in the books with the release of Ser Jaime. Robb lost me with the marriage to Jayne/Talisa.Now to Theon. A doltish fool playing games way over his head. The purpose is to not feel sorry for him yet. It is to be seen as run-of-the-mill torture. Once the reveal of the Bastard of Bolton and the scale of the torture is realised, then certain other betrayals will have happened. The whole purpose is to create the emotional roller-coaster.The claim that 'Robb deserves it more than Theon' is crackpot bugnuttery. Theon is a complex character but a 'good guy' he aint. And no one deserves it other than the Bastard.----As for another claim by someone that the Greyjoys are good guys and anyone who says otherwise is a Stark sycophant - more crackpot bugnuttery. Try saying that to any of the small folk along the west coast who have had anything that could be carried stolen, anything that couldn't burnt and anything that moved raped by the Iron Born for hundreds of years. And Theon, as complex as he is, has this as his blood heritage.I love the job Alfie is doing though. Thoroughly enjoying his performance.I mostly agree with this ... Robb definitely doesn't deserve torture, and he certainly isn't a "bad guy." I would argue that while the Greyjoys, as a whole, are nowhere near as good/just as the Starks, Theon, in particular is not really one of them and certainly not a cut and dry villain. He's half Stark / half Greyjoy, really, and that's the tragic part.
3448	kevin1989	2013-04-11	I mostly agree with this ... Robb definitely doesn't deserve torture, and he certainly isn't a "bad guy." I would argue that while the Greyjoys, as a whole, are nowhere near as good/just as the Starks, Theon, in particular is not really one of them and certainly not a cut and dry villain. He's half Stark / half Greyjoy, really, and that's the tragic part.This.But I didn't say that Robb deserves torture, I said that Robb treachery was bigger than that of Theon and thereby he deserves a bigger punishment, I didn't say anything that Robb deserves a bigger punishment than Theon got.Ned swore fealty to Robert Baretheon. Thereby Winterfel swore an oath to Robert and when Robert and Ned died, this oath remains with Robb and Joffrey. Therefore it's treachery.And about Stannis, I said that if Joffrey isn't the rightful heir of Robert because of the incest thing, the throne goes to Stannis. Therefore he commited treachery to Stannis.Is Robb (from season 2 not after he married) a better king than Joffrey, Renly, Stannis.  Probably at least better than Joffrey and Renly. But that doesn't mean that there are laws and if you look at laws Robb is the least in line to be king (of the kings that are fighting in season 2)
3449	Direwolfsigil	2013-04-11	Wow, I never would have guessed Theon had fans, lots of them.
Good read.
					
					
							Edited by Direwolfsigil, 11 April 2013 - 07:58 AM.
3450	Dove	2013-04-11	Yup, Theon fan all up in here. He's a great character, and anyone truly rooting for him to get tortured or lacks any sympathy for him whatsoever, especially after seeing the fate he suffered through in ADWD, is either sort of heartless or has a huuge blind spot where "people who are vaguely mean to the Starks" are concerned.
3451	sifth	2013-04-11	Yup, Theon fan all up in here. He's a great character, and anyone truly rooting for him to get tortured or lacks any sympathy for him whatsoever, especially after seeing the fate he suffered through in ADWD, is either sort of heartless or has a huuge blind spot where "people who are vaguely mean to the Starks" are concerned.or those who hate children killers, ha ha haI love how every Theon fan just forgives him for this, lol
3452	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	or those who hate children killers, ha ha haI love how every Theon fan just forgives him for this, lolHonestly, now, in order to like ANY character in ASOIAF you have to "forgive" them for something terrible or stupid that they've done. That's kind of the point. There are no black and white standards here.Edited to add: also, being really hung up on him killing those two children is a very modern view. The children in the show were orphans, and in the book "just" Miller's kids ... if he had killed a couple of kids without everything else that happened for some other reason, it would be considered bad in ASOIAF world, but not as bad as in our world today. We have different standards. We can't hold the characters to modern standards (this goes across the board, tbh).I mean, if you can't get over that and hate him for that, then fair enough, I guess. But taking all things surrounding the killing of the children, I *can* forgive him for that.
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 11 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
3453	Dove	2013-04-11	He killed two kids - (In the books he didn't even kill those kids, it was Ramsay who did the deed.) - so he deserves to be tortured and abused until he's a physically/mentally broken man who eats rats and has gut-wrenching panic attacks at the thought of his own name? /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' /> That's a pretty stark (lol) gruesome view of justice.
There's a pretty big difference between outright forgiving a character for all the bad shit they've done-because pretty much every single main character in ASOIAF is guilty of something or another-and being able to have sympathy for someone put into an extraordinarily horrible position.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 11 April 2013 - 03:15 PM.
3454	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	Theon is my favorite character in the books and I hope they will show the truth in the show, that Theon's only crime is taking over Winterfell. and that the body's wasn't his work. Because this episode it looks like he hated the Starks, but that wasn't the case in the books. He just wanted to prove himself to his father.Respectfully submitted, and in the vein of discussion, which is one of the great things about this forum -- WOW, are we ever in disagreement about Theon's 'only crime'!  I definitely agree that his character is full of pathos and tragedy, and I've hurt for him on more than one occasion, BUT . . .  badly butchering poor Ser Roderick in the beheading scene (in front of Rickon, yet!) and his torturing/killing other of Winterfell's servants to 'gain their respect', murdering the Farmer's sons just to save face, etc., etc. keep me far from thinking that taking over Winterfell is his only crime.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 11 April 2013 - 03:15 PM.
3455	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-11	Compared to his Uncle Euron, Theons crimes dont look to bad!
3456	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Respectfully submitted, and in the vein of discussion, which is one of the great things about this forum -- WOW, are we ever in disagreement about Theon's 'only crime'!  I definitely agree that his character is full of pathos and tragedy, and I've hurt for him on more than one occasion, BUT . . .  badly butchering poor Ser Roderick in the beheading scene (in front of Rickon, yet!) and his torturing/killing other of Winterfell's servants to 'gain their respect', murdering the Farmer's sons just to save face, etc., etc. keep me far from thinking that taking over Winterfell is his only crime.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />It kind of bothers me that Theon was the one to kill Rodrick in the show, but oh well ... the way that Ramsay killed him was just so underhanded and awful. It's true that Theon killed another person in the same way as Rodrick, but that wouldn't have been as dramatic, I guess :/
3457	Dove	2013-04-11	That's true, plus it was a really good scene. Dagmer kind of fulfilled the role that Ramsay did last scene season, in encouraging Theon's increasingly horrible actions to save face and keep Winterfell.Theon's thing is that he's desperately insecure and craves approval thanks to the circumstances of his past, and that's what made him so easy to manipulate into doing the things he did: first by his father, runner-up in the ASOIAF Worst Dad Ever award, then by Ramsay/Dagmer. He is and isn't an idiot; he's clever enough, but he's basically hardwired to make the Worst Possible Decision in any circumstance, haha.Considering the hell he goes through from ACoK->ADwD, he more than earns his redemption in my eyes. Especially when he rebuilds his broken identity to save someone who's truly innocent, and in the only worse possible position than Theon himself: Jeyne. It's a small action, but one of the most heroic in ASOIAF when you consider how broken of a man he was.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 11 April 2013 - 03:50 PM.
3458	sifth	2013-04-11	He killed two kids - (In the books he didn't even kill those kids, it was Ramsay who did the deed.) - so he deserves to be tortured and abused until he's a physically/mentally broken man who eats rats and has gut-wrenching panic attacks at the thought of his own name? /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' /> That's a pretty stark (lol) gruesome view of justice.There's a pretty big difference between outright forgiving a character for all the bad shit they've done-because pretty much every single main character in ASOIAF is guilty of something or another-and being able to have sympathy for someone put into an extraordinarily horrible position.no, he deserves to be killed for what he did; since GRRM wishes to keep him alive this is the second best way to punish him. It was Ramsay's idea to kill the kids, that doesn't mean Theon didn't take part in itbut yea Theon is a great guy an I should feel bad for him, loledit: so what evil has Bran, Davos, The Reed's, The Old Bear, Ser Barristan, The Half Hand, Sam, Jon Snow, and Brienne done. None were children killers I can tell you that much, lol
					
					
							Edited by sifth, 11 April 2013 - 04:53 PM.
3459	kevin1989	2013-04-11	edit: so what evil has Bran, Davos, The Reed's, The Old Bear, Ser Barristan, The Half Hand, Sam, Jon Snow, and Brienne done. None were children killers I can tell you that much, lolBran: Has commited one of the biggest crime a warg can do, eating human flesh and taking over another human being.Sam: Nothing really bad, but we have still 2 books left.Jon: none.Brienne: None.But do you think that Robb didn't kill innocent children? He did probably even more than Theon. Only thing is that this is redeemed because he is 1. A stark and 2. The victims were Lannisters. Many people who Robb attacked were just fishing villager in the westlands, but we didn't hear about it.Look at Khal Drogo that everybody seems to love what he did (and what he wanted to do if he had lived. Raping woman, making children slaves. Why did many loved him when he did this terrible things?Oh and interview with Alfie Allen:http://insidetv.ew.c...-thrones-theon/Nice thoughts how he thinks about Theon and how David and Dan thinks about him.
3460	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Jon betrayed the wildlings and ygritte especially ... He's pretty much responsible for her death. He also is doing some questionable things as commander. Brienne might be leading Jaime to his death.
3461	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-11	Nope. Not a traitor at all. He is guilty of Sedition not Treachery.1) Robb has no idea about the parentage of Joffrey. He is rebelling against Joffreys unjust acts and the Lannisters2) No he should not have supported Stannis. Stannis is guilty of Treachery as was Renly. Tommen is next in line to the throne followed by Myrcella.3) The North bent the knee to the Targaryens. The end of the Targaryens means they are not beholden to the oath of King BranI) He is in open rebellion with the Iron Throne to which the Starks of Winterfell are sworn to and the fact that he isnt doing it because Joffery isn't the true king DOES make him a traitor to the Iron Throne.2) Supporting Stannis is a toss up but it was the "honorable" thing to do as Ned put it. This is an opinion and I cant do anything but express my own.3) Yes that is the name they bent the knee to but the fact remains they swore fealty to the Iron Throne and who sits it. Ned Stark swore an oath to Robert which means if the North was sworn to the Targaryens it was then sworn to the Baratheons. Points 1 and 3 i feel were selective information on your part. Just my argument, if you have a counter i would love to hear it as i may be in error myself.I agree with almost everything else you wrote but had to nit pick those points =P
3462	Montey14	2013-04-11	Isn't it an unwritten law that a son would seek vengance for his fathers murder....hence all ties to Geoffrey would be severed....and Cat knew of geoffrey's illegitamacy when she tried to broker a peace with renly and stannis....I'm sure Robb got wind of this news as well....also I'm sure robb got stannis' letters that he sent out all over the country.  I'd say the murder of his father is reason enough to go to war against Geoffrey....just like Ned did when the Targs killed his father and brother and supposedly kidnapped his sister
3463	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	For the Theon fans, if you want to feel all the feelings, flip through this tumblr - http://greyjoywords.tumblr.com/For non fans, read it anyway and learn stufffff!! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3464	oakenhelm	2013-04-12	I) He is in open rebellion with the Iron Throne to which the Starks of Winterfell are sworn to and the fact that he isnt doing it because Joffery isn't the true king DOES make him a traitor to the Iron Throne.2) Supporting Stannis is a toss up but it was the "honorable" thing to do as Ned put it. This is an opinion and I cant do anything but express my own.3) Yes that is the name they bent the knee to but the fact remains they swore fealty to the Iron Throne and who sits it. Ned Stark swore an oath to Robert which means if the North was sworn to the Targaryens it was then sworn to the Baratheons.Points 1 and 3 i feel were selective information on your part. Just my argument, if you have a counter i would love to hear it as i may be in error myself.I agree with almost everything else you wrote but had to nit pick those points =PConsidering how f*cked the succession of Robert was, an argument for treason can be made for almost anyone.Fealty as I see it is a social contract, with responsibility on both sides. The unjust murder of the Warden of the North effectively broke that contract. Fair reign is implied. Otherwise nobody would ever bend the knee
3465	Dove	2013-04-12	For the Theon fans, if you want to feel all the feelings, flip through this tumblr - http://greyjoywords.tumblr.com/For non fans, read it anyway and learn stufffff!! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />This is a good tumblr, thanks for posting it. I forgot how genuinely sympathetic he was even before ADWD.
3466	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-12	Thanks Jenthehen
3467	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-12	I) He is in open rebellion with the Iron Throne to which the Starks of Winterfell are sworn to and the fact that he isnt doing it because Joffery isn't the true king DOES make him a traitor to the Iron Throne.2) Supporting Stannis is a toss up but it was the "honorable" thing to do as Ned put it. This is an opinion and I cant do anything but express my own.3) Yes that is the name they bent the knee to but the fact remains they swore fealty to the Iron Throne and who sits it. Ned Stark swore an oath to Robert which means if the North was sworn to the Targaryens it was then sworn to the Baratheons.Points 1 and 3 i feel were selective information on your part. Just my argument, if you have a counter i would love to hear it as i may be in error myself.I agree with almost everything else you wrote but had to nit pick those points =PThat's cool.My point is that the Starks and Greyjoys are committing acts of sedition. Stannis and Renly were committing acts of treason (but in truth, the ones really guilty of treason are Cersei and Jamie). I'm just taking umbrage at the claims that Robb's acts of treason are far worse than Theon's and this somehow makes him a far more evil person. Both of them are guilty of sedition. Theon is additionally guilty of treachery ('treachery' not 'treason'). Similarly, I take umbrage at the bugnutty claims that Robb is directly actively responsible for infanticide are not supported by either the text or the show - and results in depressing levels of face-palming from some people reading these boards.--------The whole point I am making is that Theon is a 'baddie'. But the brilliance of what GRRM has written is that there are few that are black or white and almost everyone is in the shade of grey zone. We are inside Theon's head so we are able to understand the forces the drive him to do what he did - to connect to him and like or even love him.
3468	LordAlexOfTheWolds	2013-04-12	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=FlmTBjE2kgg - This is the video for a Game of Thrones: New Characters feature. At 8:11, it shows Thoros, Beric and Melisandre. Melisandre looks shocked, probably because she is looking at Beric's wounds, and can't believe he is alive. I'm almost certain this didn't happen in the book, so there has to be a reason for such a major deviation. Also, she'll have travelled pretty fast...Is this so she can gain the knowledge to do something to a certain character at the end of Dance/Start of Winds?(I'm not sure if this is the correct place to post it, but seen as it is about the show, I thought it was the correct place. Also, if there is another post like this, I apologize.)
3469	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	Hmm... true from what I recall Melisandre and Thoros never meet in the Book.  I would have assumed that Melisandre is more the Master and Thoros the Padawan but maybe only since Melisandre is more the major character.
Nevertheless I think the majority have assumed that they have similar powers that Melisandre has not yet demonstrated.  I think the greyjoys that were headed to Mureen also had hooked with a red priest with healing power so it seems common for order.
Everyone complains over the fast travel with certain characters.  I guess red priests have also mastered breeding of the gold chocobo.  I could never be bothered with that
3470	Iotun	2013-04-12	I think the speculation is that she is getting Gendry who will take the place of Edric Storm. Also gives the Stannis crew a bit more to do this season, as they probably won't be at the wall by Season 4.
Having said that, I'm slightly disappointed that they seem to be making Melisandre seem such a dark character, since I particularly like her, especially after her chapter in Dance. In the Unsullied thread in TwP, some people want to see her burned alive by Dragonfire, which I find shocking. Does she tease Davos about his son's death in the books? Does she burn people alive because they follow a different faith (I remember the burning people, but my impression was that Stannis was killing traitors who were plotting to surrender to the Lannisters, not just anybody still following the Seven). And I was also disappointed that she didn't offer Cressen an out back in Season 2.
3471	jugdesh258	2013-04-12	I think that they are always looking for someone to be a victim or sacrifice of Melisnadre's fires since there is a general shortage of guys condemned to death.......and that she is dying to get a hold of someone with King's blood for some reason
We can really figure out what is up with these red priests....  we know that they are supposed to be to opposite of the dark power that is behind the white walkers but they are still kind of dark characters themselves.
I'd say this is the reason the story is better then goofy star wars since there is more complicated in the good vs evil thing.  Here it is fire and ice....we don't know where the good is on that spectrum
3472	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-12	It's been a long time since I read the novels, but I always got the impression that Mel is ruthless and very dedicated to her faith. So her portrayal on the show is in my opinion quite accurate.
I'm very eager to see the interaction between her and Thoros. If I can recall correctly we haven't seen two red priests interacting neither in the books nor on the show and I wonder if Thoros will agree on tossing Gendry on the pyre. I highly doubt it, so it will be interesting to hear how each of them explain why their way is the way of R'hllor and how they see the Red God.
3473	teemo	2013-04-07	So - what exactly is the deal here? I'm confused.
Varys hired Ros to be Littlefinger's hand of the pimp so she could get him information about....what? Is Sansa already meeting up with Littlefinger?  Why are Shae and Sansa BFF?  Shae's very blatant jealousy will now be weird when Tyrion and Sansa get married, which is obviously the point, but these five seem really connected and I'm kind of confused as to where the show is going with it..
3474	Delmas	2013-04-08	the birds simply listen
Looks like Shae is going to be Sansa's escape acomplise, but who knows really, just sad we havent seen shit for varys.
3475	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	To be honest I'm slightly lost too but I'll try and convey this how I think it works. Firstly I'm just going to say I'm kindda split on the 'Ros' character but I'm ok with her.
 I think what needs to be noted is that both Varys and Littlefinger are very big players in the game and that only becomes more apparent after a 'Storm of Swords'. I believe Varys may have hired Ros just so he could keep an eye on LF. In the TV series we have one or two scenes (I think) between LF and Varys in which it is shown they are both very much wary of the other. I think Varys has planted Ros there so he can keep tabs on what LF is doing. I think Varys is wary of LF and LF is just as wary of Varys.
 Shae and Sansa are BFF because... I don't know. We know she was assigned to be a handmaiden for Sansa and in season 2 she helped with the bloody sheets and all that lark, so I think Sansa trusts her more than others. (Note that she didn't tell Shae what LF and her talked about. I don't think Sansa trusts Shae entirely). I think Shae's jealousy will become more prominent when Tyrion and Sansa marry. It may give us a solid and coherent reason as to why Shae was found in Tywin's bed when Tyrion went there. I've never been sure whether Shae had always been Tywin's spy or not but I think in the TV series their saying she's not Tywin's spy and so she turns jealous and thus betrays Tyrion.
 I think what will occur is that Sansa will marry Tyrion (like in the books) and Shae will get jealous for that reason. Then when Joff's wedding comes along and he dies Littlefinger will run off with Sansa and Ros and Tyrion will get locked away for the murder of Joffrey. Then I assume the story will continue as the books did before with Tyrion finding Shae in Tywin's bed (with Vary's help) and Sansa getting dragged along with LF. I think Sansa and Ros will probably establish a friendship at that point. Varys will stay loyal to the books IMO and help Tyrion escape with motivation from Jamie. Will Varys and Ros keep in touch? I don't know.
 I hope this answers what you were thinking or what you were wondering. Personally I think it's going to stay loyal to the books with just the addition of Ros. Sorry if its a bit long winded.
3476	rejndjer	2013-04-08	ross might be substitution for that drunken fool fellow, meaning she gets killed when she delivers sansa.
3477	miguel sanchez	2013-04-08	I hope they don't change it and kill off Shae early, I've been looking forward to her betraying the shit of Tyrion since first appearing.
					
					
							Edited by miguel sanchez, 08 April 2013 - 08:29 AM.
3478	Winter's Prince	2013-04-08	I think to satisfy Shae's concern, protect Sansa, and as how we can see Tyrion cannot deny her (Shae) anything, he will offer himself as a potential suitor to Sansa rather than Tywin deciding it for him.
Now the Vary's thing confuses me too; the only conclusion I can draw up is Tyrion/Sansa somehow with Vary's help escape the capital, Tyrion still kills Tywin and Shae too. Jaime still plays a part as well, and maybe, remember in season two when Tyrion was concerned about Mormont's pleas for help, maybe instead of fleeing to Pentos Tyrion hitches a ship to the Wall bringing Sansa with him as per Jaime's vow to return the Stark girls. 
The wall will be safer because by late Season 4 and early Season 5 Winterfell and the North belong to Bolton. And with Jon as Lord Commander she'll be far from harm.
I don't know what it is but I feel like D&D will send Tyrion to the Wall. I personally disliked much of his storyline in Dance and believe it can be done away with for something more better. The good parts in Tyrion's chapters in Dance were Griff, screw the rest.
3479	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	I'm apprehensive here too, how is LF supposed to get away with Sansa swithout Varys knowing?
3480	Lady of Shalott	2013-04-08	I don't know what it is but I feel like D&D will send Tyrion to the Wall. I personally disliked much of his storyline in Dance and believe it can be done away with for something more better. The good parts in Tyrion's chapters in Dance were Griff, screw the rest.Didn't D&D decide that Talisa would be from Volantis so people would become familiar with that city which would appear in future seasons? I mean, Jon Con and Young Griff could go there on their own, I suppose, but it would be a lot more fun with Tyrion around.
					
					
							Edited by Lady of Shalott, 08 April 2013 - 10:34 AM.
3481	Magjee	2013-04-08	I hope they don't change it and kill off Shae early, I've been looking forward to her betraying the shit of Tyrion since first appearing.No chain to strangle her with, maybe he stabs her with the Hand's pin.He even mentioned how nice it looked
3482	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	No chain to strangle her with, maybe he stabs her with the Hand's pin.He even mentioned how nice it lookedSurely D&D will have to compensate for not having a chain in Tyrion's master plan in s2e09. Shae will be strangled with a giant-ass one /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3483	Zman1863	2013-04-08	They've got to introduce tension between Tryion and Shae somehow. In ACOK there is already an air of uneasiness about the relationship. But we didn't get the slap scene in season 2 and show Shae is a lot more of a seemingly benign figure than the book version. I'm apprehensive about whether the jealousy element will be enough to make the eventual betrayal believable. It was present in the book, but it was certainly not the major animus for Shae to decide to throw Tyrion under the bus. I always thought that Shae acted much like Bronn did at the end of ASOS. She liked the benefits that Tyrion provided but once they dried up she wasn't going to stick her neck out to stay loyal and hooked up with Cersei and Tywin as the source of the benefits she craved. The lack of that essential selfishness in Shae is what makes me apprehensive about whether the story line works out.
3484	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-08	I'm apprehensive here too, how is LF supposed to get away with Sansa swithout Varys knowing?   I think that's why Ros is even there; to take up Sir Dontos ' spot in the story. LF will catch on to the game Varys and Ros are playing, and when he makes his escape with Sansa after Joffrey's murder, he'll kill Ros. No way is she getting out of this arc alive.
3485	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	I think that's why Ros is even there; to take up Sir Dontos ' spot in the story. LF will catch on to the game Varys and Ros are playing, and when he makes his escape with Sansa after Joffrey's murder, he'll kill Ros. No way is she getting out of this arc alive.Point is that Varys doesn't even know who has Sansa.  He would know because Ros would know on the show.
3486	HopeForSpring	2013-04-08	Along the lines of Zman1863 - I think, maybe, Shae's story arc might end up being very different in the TV show from the book.In the book we have the constant reminder of how broken up Tyrion was about the (non)whore of his childhood. Less so here.In the book Shae does always seem to be a little more in it for the money than she seems in the TV show.In the book she doesn't give a rat's ass about Sansa, and in the TV show she does.This all makes me think that they are going to have her stay loyal and have was Tywin kill her instead of Tyrion to make the wound that drives Tyrion to kill Tywin a little fresher and relevant to the TV audience. MAYBE.
3487	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	I think to satisfy Shae's concern, protect Sansa, and as how we can see Tyrion cannot deny her (Shae) anything, he will offer himself as a potential suitor to Sansa rather than Tywin deciding it for him.Now the Vary's thing confuses me too; the only conclusion I can draw up is Tyrion/Sansa somehow with Vary's help escape the capital, Tyrion still kills Tywin and Shae too. Jaime still plays a part as well, and maybe, remember in season two when Tyrion was concerned about Mormont's pleas for help, maybe instead of fleeing to Pentos Tyrion hitches a ship to the Wall bringing Sansa with him as per Jaime's vow to return the Stark girls.The wall will be safer because by late Season 4 and early Season 5 Winterfell and the North belong to Bolton. And with Jon as Lord Commander she'll be far from harm.I don't know what it is but I feel like D&D will send Tyrion to the Wall. I personally disliked much of his storyline in Dance and believe it can be done away with for something more better. The good parts in Tyrion's chapters in Dance were Griff, screw the rest. I really hope the TV series doesn't steer too far away from the books in this respect. I know the TV series is only based off the books and does not need to stick for it scene for scene. For example with Arya and Tywin, whoever came up with that needs a medal and needs to stand on a plinth for all time because that was genius, but it didn't drive away from the storyline that much other than the soup. I don't like Tyrion's arc either in Dance but I don't want the TV series to go that far off track. As for what's happening with the entire Sansa thing, I dunno. In the books LF went to the Vale and picked Sansa off via Dontos in the bay. In this it is LF doing the speaking to Sansa directly. Will LF be at Joff's wedding?
3488	Patchface123	2013-04-08	I think the scene between Tyrion and Shae might be things getting back on track. In the show she has been devoted to him, one cannot really see her betraying him during his trial. If she is jealous of Sansa she might abandon him when they get married. Before I thought D&D would make Tywin hang Shae to make Tyrion kill him.
3489	tws1978	2013-04-08	Does anyone believe the shows Tywin would willingly slept with Shae? He hates whores and he seems to be still very much devoted to his late wife. Even in the book I thought that "twist" is coming out of thin air (GRRM just needed a reason why she is in Tywins bedroom), but on the show we know Tywin much better. He is not someone who would take his deformed sons whore into a bed. 
I think the story will be copletely different and unlike Bron (where they always make sure to point out his lack of loyalty) Shae will not have any active part in the betrayal. Tyrion will escape, finally ready to give up all and have the simple secluded life with Shae they discussed last season, but Shae will be gone. Then he will confront his father who will laugh at him and how pathetic he is for falling for a whore so Tyrion will kill him. And then someone (Varys) will hint she may still be alive and was put on a ship to east thus give his whole "where the whores go" journey a real purpose.
3490	jarl the climber	2013-04-08	I think the scene between Tyrion and Shae might be things getting back on track. In the show she has been devoted to him, one cannot really see her betraying him during his trial. If she is jealous of Sansa she might abandon him when they get married. Before I thought D&D would make Tywin hang Shae to make Tyrion kill him.The thing that struck me is that Tyrion can no longer rendevous with Shae. His marrying Sansa makes it easier for the two of them to see each other and while Tyrion might be enthralled by Sansa the feeling is not mutual. I'm not sure if this situation will really get her jealous or not. I think that either Ros or Shae will get offed like Ser Dontos and that the other will either get killed by Tywin or Tyrion or survive.
3491	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	OT: The title of this thread sounds like a orgy I would like to watch.
3492	Clariana	2013-04-08	I think in the series Shae will refuse to testify against Tyrion and be killed for her efforts. Thus leading to... What we know.
3493	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-09	Has it been confirmed in the books that Varys doesn't know who has Sansa?
3494	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	Has it been confirmed in the books that Varys doesn't know who has Sansa?One never knows I guess, but I do believe its mentioned as well as implied.  Dont have a searchable version.
3495	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	Maybe or maybe not off-topic, but . . . do you guys think that Ros will lose favor with LF over something and then be turned over to Ramsey, becoming Jeyne Poole, which would bring her scene with Theon from Season 1 to full circle?
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 09 April 2013 - 12:35 PM.
3496	darrylzero	2013-04-09	Does anyone believe the shows Tywin would willingly slept with Shae? He hates whores and he seems to be still very much devoted to his late wife. Even in the book I thought that "twist" is coming out of thin air (GRRM just needed a reason why she is in Tywins bedroom), but on the show we know Tywin much better. He is not someone who would take his deformed sons whore into a bed.I think the story will be completely different and unlike Bronn (where they always make sure to point out his lack of loyalty) Shae will not have any active part in the betrayal. Tyrion will escape, finally ready to give up all and have the simple secluded life with Shae they discussed last season, but Shae will be gone. Then he will confront his father who will laugh at him and how pathetic he is for falling for a whore so Tyrion will kill him. And then someone (Varys) will hint she may still be alive and was put on a ship to east thus give his whole "where the whores go" journey a real purpose.That's all possible, but the whole point of Shae being in Tywin's bed --or the whole point for Tywin, anyway -- is that he's completely hypocritical, almost closeted.  So, you shouldn't see it coming, because he keeps up an excellent front. You think Tywin Lannister is about to let ANYONE see him with a prostitute?  No way in hell.I do wish there was some way to get a little bit more about that, how his own desires contribute to the way he treats Tyrion, but there's no one  the books who would know.  Maybe the show will feel like they need to explain better, if there aren't major changes to Tyrion's story coming, and we'll get someone doing a little exposition on the subject.
3497	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	Has it been confirmed in the books that Varys doesn't know who has Sansa?I'd say that with the lengths LF went to to avoid the "little birds" (ie dontos on the steps, lothor brune in the bay) that it is heavily implied that Varys doesn't know.  He does say he had reports of sansa and Dontos heading toward the bay, which probably comes from when Sansa was afraid to descend the stone ladder and broke the silence.That's all possible, but the whole point of Shae being in Tywin's bed --or the whole point for Tywin, anyway -- is that he's completely hypocritical, almost closeted.  So, you shouldn't see it coming, because he keeps up an excellent front. You think Tywin Lannister is about to let ANYONE see him with a prostitute?  No way in hell.I do wish there was some way to get a little bit more about that, how his own desires contribute to the way he treats Tyrion, but there's no one  the books who would know.  Maybe the show will feel like they need to explain better, if there aren't major changes to Tyrion's story coming, and we'll get someone doing a little exposition on the subject.there was a thread detailing a theory that when Varys shows Tyrion the secret tunnel to chatayas whore house his anecdote about who the passage was built for (a hand who could not be seen there due to his "honor") is none other than Tywin himself.  IDK if true but its an interesting idea that it may have been foreshadowed, even if covertly placed.EDIT:  I guess we can assume from the LF/Sansa scene and Queen of thorns scene that Show Varys' little birds are not as omnipotent as Book Varys'.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Endrew Tarth, 09 April 2013 - 02:01 PM.
3498	juanml82	2013-04-10	I've been thinking, would they use Ross in the fake Arya role some people is thinking, but as a fake Sansa instead? It has the plot benefits of linking her back to Theon. She can really desire it (until she meets Ramsay, that is), as it will be some serious social climbing. And they are much closer in age, plus both of them are redheads. I mean, Ross can't pass for Arya, but may pass for Sansa in front of people who doesn't know Sansa.The weak point is that Sansa would have to be officially acquitted of the charges against her regarding the PW. Maybe Sansa gets reliable information about the Lannisters wanting her extraofficially dead to cover up for Ross, and causes her to keep her identity hidden?
3499	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-11	We have discussed Ros being a fake Sansa in the past, but the reason why I don't think it would work as well is because I have a feeling that Arya's arc will end up being linked to the Boltons and the fake Arya ruse.
3500	elmo9246	2013-04-11	I'm going with the popular guess that Ros will take Dontos' place in assisting Sansa's escape, and LF will kill her having known she was an agent for Varys. Why else include that scene, there wont really be anywhere to go with it once LF and Sansa leave KL, plus it sets up LF as a despicable major villain following Tywins death
3501	MoAt	2013-04-11	I think the entire reason she's also working for Varys is to give her purpose on the show after LF leaves KL.
Ros will probably outlive everyone.
3502	go joff go	2013-04-07	So two episodes in lots of new characters intoriduced.  Who made the most favorable impressions.  Remember this is a no spoiler thread.
My favorite was either  Olenna Redwine Tyrell or Jojen. Both had very memorable intros and were how I pictured the characters in my mind.
Other notables: Tormond, Orell, Mance, Olenna Tyrell, Thoros of Myr, Anguy, Meera Reed, Qyburn, other (am I missing anyone).
3503	Fat Mac	2013-04-07	I liked Olenna, Thoros and Jojen. Not much to judge with Meera, Orell or Anguy.
3504	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	Queen of Thorns nailed it imo, I really enjoyed Jojen Reed and Thoros as well. My top 3
3505	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-07	Thoros.
3506	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-07	Anguy was awesome, doubt we get too much more of him, unfortunately.
3507	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-07	I was hoping to say Vargo Hoat, but it looked like they changed him quite a bit.  So I'll have to go with Thoros.
3508	tito5601	2013-04-07	thoros and tormund are very cool
3509	Broken Fox	2013-04-07	I was hoping to say Vargo Hoat, but it looked like they changed him quite a bit.  So I'll have to go with Thoros.Vargo Hoat was written out and replaced by this new character, his name is Locke.Also, Thoros rules. And the actors that play The Queen of Thorns and Jojen Reed are spot on.
3510	modbelle	2013-04-07	Anguy.  I love his arrow trick.
3511	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Loved Thoros (despite the mix, the result so far is awesome) and Anguy, I mean his scene with Hot Pie was great!
Olenna is also one of my favorites. I don't mind that the writer toned her down a bit, she was still sharp enought for me.
Really liked Jojen scenes so far, just hope that he explains more in the future about him being a seer too.
3512	StannisWins	2013-04-07	Really happy to finally see the Reeds. I love the Bran "mythology" for lack of a better term. So I'm very glad that the show is finally getting into it.
3513	queenbeesteph	2013-04-08	My favorite character is that hat/veil thing that Lady Olenna is wearing! Or the introduction of the Carstarks - "I think the war was over when you married that one" Uh-oh!
					
					
							Edited by queenbeesteph, 08 April 2013 - 12:30 AM.
3514	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-08	I thought that Jojen had a really sweet entrance in Bran's dream
3515	int11	2013-04-08	For now: Thoros and Anguy.
3516	tito5601	2013-04-08	My favorite character is that hat/veil thing that Lady Olenna is wearing! Or the introduction of the Carstarks - "I think the war was over when you married that one" Uh-oh! they showed rickard karstark last season lol he had a few lines
3517	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-08	thoros, queen of thorns, and meera.
					
					
							Edited by Eric Xayavong, 08 April 2013 - 01:03 AM.
3518	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	I really liked Jojen and how he was introduced.
I also like this "new" Joffrey. It's like, he suddenly hit puberty and realised he likes girls. He's cute in his own twisted way.
3519	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	Anguy.  I love his arrow trick.That was perfect. I was all like "Best follow, not smart to run from an archer that shoots like that."The Queen of Thrones nailed it for me. Loved it.Thoros was less, erm, depressed than I remember, but that might be after another event. That said, I love new Thoros muuuuch better.Jojen was great! I didn't dislike him in the books, but he wasn't standoutish. Now he is.
3520	Holdfast	2013-04-08	Lady Olenna is just right.  Also liking Thoros.
3521	Sun and Moon	2013-04-08	This season, I've been relatively pleased with the introductions of the new characters, even if they didn't quite fall into line with their book counterparts.
I thought Jojen's introduction in Bran's dream was stunning. In fact, I might even go as far as to say that small scene is my favourite of Season three, so far.
I never had a shadow of doubt over the casting of Diana Rigg as Lady Olenna. I think this ep. proves I wasn't completely deluded.
Tormund, I was quite happy with, I'm quietly hoping, as the season goes on, I'll gain the strength of feeling I had for him in the books.
I was having a bit of trouble picturing Mackenzie Crook as Orell, when his role was first announced, but his warging scene, short as it was, I found quite satisfying.
My single biggest disappointment, and I really hate to say it, is Mance. When I heard Ciaran Hinds had been cast, I couldn't have been more surprised. He is capable of delivering charismatic performances, I have no doubt, but as Mance?.... no. I'm just not feeling it, and for that matter, I'm not seeing it either.
In the case of Thoros of Myr, whilst he is, in no shape or form, how I imagined him to be, I approve. I think he's a good example of how a character can be moulded to serve viewers needs, if not their expectations. I truly wish I could say the same for Mance.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 08 April 2013 - 12:55 PM.
3522	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	Thoros and the BwB were great. Really felt Robin-Hoodesque in this grim and dirty Westeros.
3523	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Mance is terrible.  Tormund is ok for now, he isnt half as awesome as hook tormund.
Right now I'll throw my vote Thoros' way.
3524	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	Lady Olenna. Any other answer is wrong.
3525	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-08	Queen of Thorns and Jojen Reed.
3526	Hellfell	2013-04-08	Thoros and Anguy are the best new minor characters so far
3527	Delmas	2013-04-08	The inroduction of the reeds was very well done imo
QoT was superb
3528	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	Queen of Thorns, she fitted the role perfectly.
3529	Ice Turtle	2013-04-08	Thoros and Jojen. I never liked Jojen in the books too much, but here he's great.
3530	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	The girl who plays Meera is extremley cute.
3531	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	The girl who plays Meera is extremley cute.I agree. Ellie Kendrick is a terrific actress as well. I can't wait to see more of her.I've been pleased with all the new characters so far, really. Jojen, Meera, Olenna, Tormund and Thoros in particular.
3532	victim	2013-04-08	The second I saw Jojen and Meera I thought to myself, "Nailed it!" Those two are literally perfect for those roles. I always really liked Meera Reed as a character, never much liked Jojen though.
3533	The Brandon Stark	2013-04-08	QoT without a doubt. Thoros and Anguy were really good too. However, it feels like anyone who gets lines as written in the books seems to stand out. Tywin's rant to Tyrion last week gave me goosebumps, the same as Olena's conversation with Sansa.
3534	insertname	2013-04-08	I felt the introduction of the Reeds was a tiny bit awkward, but the characters are spot-on and I really like Jojen.
3535	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-08	Thoros. Also Edd is still the best. "Aye we left you, Your fat and slow. We didn't want to die"
3536	MysteryNinja	2013-04-08	I'll have to go with Meera - I loved her introduction and I think the actress has the right aura to play her. Closely followed by the QOT Olenna Tyrell an her wavy blue veil.
Most disappointing I have to agree with a lot of others is Mance, to me he's very much just a regular fur-clad wildling like the rest of his army, which is sad 'cause he's such a standout character in the books.
3537	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	Olenna, clearly. It's funny that she should without much effort outshine such a prominent character + actor as Mance/Hinds.
3538	Cas Stark	2013-04-08	Thoros. 
Everyone else has been sort of flat--Manse, Queen of Thorns, not sure about the Reeds either.
3539	Kaitscralt	2013-04-08	I totally hate the Reed's in the book, so cheers for making them seem pretty awesome on the show.
3540	Garlan Marius	2013-04-08	I absolutely LOVED Jojen.  That dream sequence and the Howland Reed namedrop, along with the attitude of a carefree old man... yeah.  Best addition so far.
3541	DurararaFTW	2013-04-08	Thoros of Myr>Queen of Thorns>Mance Rayder>Meera>Jojen
3542	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	This is a tough choice because all the characters introduced in E2 were well done and at least met my expectations.  If I had to pick just one, I'd have to say that Thoros stole the show last night.  I watched both encores and enjoyed his performance more each time through.  Paul Kaye exudes remarkable charisma and makes the character instantly likeable.  I think he's more like early book Thoros (Robert's drinking buddy) than the later version, but this should be fine in the context of the series.
I'd also be remiss in not mentioning Diana Rigg as the QoT, who was spot-on perfect in my opinion.  Took one of my favorite scenes in all the books and nailed every aspect of it.
Through two episodes the only character I'm a little disappointed in is Mance, and then only a little.  I think Hinds will be fine as he grows into the role, but for right now he's just "meh."  Interestingly, my father who is a huge fan of all things north of the Wall in the books, loves Hinds's portrayal as Mance and isn't disappointed with him in the least - go figure.
3543	victim	2013-04-08	They just need to find a good non-expository way to make Mance seem larger than life as he is in the books. At the moment, he's been a bit of a talker, just as Stannis was earlier last season before Blackwater.
3544	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-08	Queen of Thorns nailed it imo, I really enjoyed Jojen Reed and Thoros as well. My top 3/signedQoT was absolutely epic, loved every second of her acting. Well done!
3545	shiola	2013-04-08	Meera, surprisingly.  She only had maybe 3 lines, but her personality was evident and she's a perfect casting choice imo.
3546	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-08	Thoros stands out so far on the show. He's not a character that stands out in the books to me, but he's was great in this episode.
I was a bit disappointed with Lady Olenna b/c I really like her introduction in the book. I think they downplayed her a bit or something. I don't know something was just a bit off. Maybe it was that weird contraption on her head.
I'm just completely /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> over the actor playing Tormund, which basically means I'm so distracted I don't know if he's doing a good job at the acting or not.
3547	Loras	2013-04-08	I am incredibly surprised to say it, but my favourite new character is Jojen Reed.  His introduction through Bran's dream was a stroke of genius.  I am really looking forward to him fleshing out the world in the future.
3548	Gannicus	2013-04-08	Thoros and QoT were the best for me.
I don't dislike anyone yet, I think they all have real potential.
I see a lot of people are down on Mance. Hinds is a great actor, but I would agree there is something  not coming through yet. I can't quite put my finger on it and it might be the writing.  He's coming across as just another distrustful angry wildling.  I imagined him to have a cooled presence and more laid back demeanor. I don't remember His badass side being so in your face.
3549	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	Is Thoros gong to be combined with the bard the BWOB have (Tom?)
3550	Eira Seren	2013-04-08	Olenna Tyrell, hands down.  possibly because dad and i watched the episode together and it reminded us of my grandma, who we've dearly missed the last two years since she passed.  she sounds just like her!  'once the cow's been milked there's no point trying to squirt the cream back up the udders!'  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
also, as she described Luthor Tyrell hawking, paying more attention to the bird while his horse rode off a cliff, my dad (king of bad jokes) nodded sagely and said with a smirk, 'he was tweeting!'
3551	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	Is Thoros gong to be combined with the bard the BWOB have (Tom?)Seems likely.  The only major players from the BWB who've been cast are Thoros, Anguy and Beric.  No Lem Lemoncloak either.
3552	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	My favourite new character was Olenna by a mile though
3553	Angalin	2013-04-08	Olenna, clearly. It's funny that she should without much effort outshine such a prominent character + actor as Mance/Hinds.Not really.  Diana Rigg is a legend for a reason.More on point: this thread says no spoilers in the title for a reason.  If you can't discuss an episode without introducing spoilers, you're in the wrong place.  Any further spoilers will win the poster a few days off.
3554	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-08	Not really.  Diana Rigg is a legend for a reason.She is? Wow. I thought it was just a random old woman.
3555	Eogh	2013-04-08	Tormund hands down. Was also pleasantly surprised by Mance, I didn't think Ciaran Hinds could pull him off but looks like I was wrong /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3556	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-08	Not really.  Diana Rigg is a legend for a reason.More on point: this thread says no spoilers in the title for a reason.  If you can't discuss an episode without introducing spoilers, you're in the wrong place.  Any further spoilers will win the poster a few days off.Sorry. Didn't even think of it as a spoiler
3557	King Tyrion I	2013-04-08	/signedQoT was absolutely epic, loved every second of her acting. Well done! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Me, too. Although I must admit I missed something in that scene.
3558	Conchobar	2013-04-08	Loved Thoros (despite the mix, the result so far is awesome) and Anguy, I mean his scene with Hot Pie was great!Olenna is also one of my favorites. I don't mind that the writer toned her down a bit, she was still sharp enought for me.Really liked Jojen scenes so far, just hope that he explains more in the future about him being a seer too.Agreed. Anguy and Thoros are dudes! I love how ordinary, yet extraordinary they are, both incredible soldiers obviously, and outlaws. It is refreshing to finally meet the Brotherhood, the supposed good guys.
3559	Crown	2013-04-08	I liked all of them, no disappointments. Favorite one is definitely Thoros.
3560	Little Wing	2013-04-08	I really liked Thoros  /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
And the guy playing Kraznys is really doing an awesome job - despicable and delivers his lines magnificently in a made up language /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3561	Sun	2013-04-08	I don't like any of them yet. I was never a Diana Rigg fan, and though her performance was certainly competent, it did nothing for me. 
I'm still not convinced by Hinds as Mance.
I'm ambivalent towards Thoros. 
The rest of the new characters I don't feel I've seen enough of to judge.  
I am excited to see what the actor playing..
	Spoiler Ramsay

.. can do. I hope he turns out to be a good fit for the character.
3562	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-08	http://www.youtube.c...d&v=SN28-TdHCbIA video with some/a lot of new characters this season.Dondarrion looks freaking awesome /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3563	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	Thoros and his BWB gang. Hope to see more of them.
3564	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-08	How good was Diana Rigg? Exactly as I imagined the character. Thoros was great too.
3565	Ser Greguh	2013-04-08	Oleanna's the too-obvious choice.  My dark horse is Anguy.  Him firing the arrow into the air was bad ass.
3566	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-08	Jojen and Meera also excellent. Can't wait to see more of them.
					
					
							Edited by Shit_for_Honour, 08 April 2013 - 04:00 PM.
3567	Caryn Stark	2013-04-08	Jojen Reed. Love him. This is my happy face. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3568	mynameiscrom	2013-04-08	Lady Olenna by far was my favorite, silver medal goes to Thoros.
3569	Nictarion	2013-04-09	Jojen was my favorite. In the books I like Meera better but he was really good in this episode. Olenna and Thoros were good to, especially Olenna.
3570	victim	2013-04-09	After a second viewing, I realised just how great Jojen is and is going to be. I never really enjoyed him in the books, that's not to say I never liked him though, I suppose.
3571	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	Thoros and Tormund were the best, than the QOT
3572	Aripyanfar	2013-04-09	Jojen was fey and spooky and magical.  Meera was forceful and pretty and she totally zinged Osha.  "Some men are worth protecting"... just like Osha does with Bran!
Tormund and Anguy made me totally sit up and take notice.  Who ARE these uber-warriors?  Do they have some magic that they can see through rocks, and nail things perfectly whether with sword or arrow?  I REALLY hope we see more of these people.
3573	ereini0n	2013-04-09	I loved Thoros and Anguy the most, with Jojen close second.
3574	Tony Soprano	2013-04-09	Lady Olenna was great. I expected nothing less of Diana Rigg. 
Thoros and Anguy were a surprise. The Brotherhood Without Banners is made out to be some kind of Merry Men - esque group, and I love it! They're funny, smart, and dangerous. I like dangerous people. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3575	protar	2013-04-09	Dianne Rig nailed Olenna Tyrell, and I'm not sure how anyone can complain that she fell short and was toned down. Most of her lines were straight from the books anyway.
Thoros was a close second in terms of awesomeness. I liked that he had rather a lot of Tom O Sevens in him to give him that extra flair.
3576	houseHB	2013-04-09	Tormund his casting was perfect and even though he only had one scene I thought Boy's (hehe) intro was perfect.
3577	shiola	2013-04-09	I think I'm gonna have such a crush on Meera.
3578	queenbeesteph	2013-04-09	they showed rickard karstark last season lol he had a few lines That's right! I forgot... I just didn't like the scary implication...
3579	Envie	2013-04-09	I haven't heard a lot of praise for the actor playing Orell the warg yet, so let me chime in and say I really LIKE his peculiar gaunt looks. I always imagined Orell from the books being rather rat-like and conniving so the way he looks in the show does not disappoint. He hasn't had any big speaking parts yet, but I saw the previews where he does get involved more with Jon Snow, so I'm looking forward to that.
Like everyone else, I thought Olenna's introduction was amazingly great and spot on and I do like the twist they put on Thoros of Myr even though that's not at all how I imagined him from the books, it really works for the show and the actor portraying him really is very engaging and did a fantastic job.
3580	Titus Pullo	2013-04-10	thoros and tormund are very coolthis...  I have high hopes for show Thoros, as WELL as book Thoros, going forward. Paul Kay, ftw!
3581	greatgeek	2013-04-10	QoT- near perfect!
Jojen
Thoros - I hope we see his pious side in the coming weeks
Anguy
Tormund - I expect he'll lighten up as he begins to trust Jon
Mance - ok, not as romantic as the book character
Meera - need to see more
3582	Timotheus	2013-04-10	Jojen and Olenna Tyrell are both brilliant. Can't wait to see scenes between Olenna and Tywin.Thoros comes close to brilliance, but I feel like I need to see more.
3583	mafalda	2013-04-10	Queen of Thornes. She is perfect in the show, I don't know why everyone says she isn't this enough or that enough. She was quippy, witty, and sharp, imho. And funny! And she LOOKS just how I pictured. The Reeds. So different from the books. I hated them in the books, but love them in the show.And of course, the reintrodiction of Badass Barristan.Orell and his eagle was pretty cool too. Most exciting thing to happen beyond the wall since the last scene in s2.
3584	Conchobar	2013-04-10	Thoros is brilliant! And Anguy. Just regular dudes.
3585	DolorousKim	2013-04-10	Right now, I am in a two-way tie between Lady Olenna and Thoros.  I thought that Diana Rigg was just perfect as the Queen of Thorns, and I for one am glad that she didn't resort to a scenery-chewing delivery of this great dialogue.  Her delivery to me was neither too understated nor too ham-fest,  but just right on the money.  
Paul Kaye's performance was a really pleasant surprise to me, as I was not familiar with his previous body of work.  This Thoros is not book Thoros, but since it appears we won't be having a Tom O'Sevens, I was delighted that he managed to skillfully incorporate most of the very best qualities of each of these characters into his performance.  He projected a whole ton of charisma into this role, and I am very much looking forward to his appearance in future episodes.
Honorable mention to Thomas Brodie-Sangster as Jojen Reed.  I didn't really care that much for book Jojen (honestly, I found him more than a tad annoying by his last book appearances), but I was mesmerized by show Jojen, and this is in no small part attributable to Mr. Sangster's performance.  I am also looking forward to his role expanding in the show.
					
					
							Edited by DolorousKim, 10 April 2013 - 10:45 AM.
3586	Silverx2	2013-04-10	If they had aged Arya up any more at the start of the show  Ellie Kendrick would have made an excellent teen Arya.Shes going to be awesome as Meera.
3587	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-10	For me the best so far is Thoros. I really like what they have done with him and can't wait to see him develop.
At the moment second is Olenna - Rigg nailed it and I fully expect her to be my favourite for the season when the conniving kicks in.
Jojen and Meera - I loved Jojen at the start in the books but he faded for me later. I am really liking the mystical focus they have given him here. Meera - its too early to say.
Mance - yeah something is lacking. I fully expected him to be more reserved than guys like the Giantsbane and Thenn, but something is a bit off from what I had envisaged. I'm not certain its Hinds - it feels to me to be the way he has been scripted/directed. Where is "The Dornishman's Wife?"
3588	ohpooratlas	2013-04-10	Thoros.  Bar none.
Jojen Reed is my second favorite.
I must be the only one that was not impressed by the Queen of Thorns.  I expected her to be, I don't know ... more thorny? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3589	Nezzer	2013-04-10	The Cheese Boy.
3590	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-10	Thoros.  Bar none.Jojen Reed is my second favorite.I must be the only one that was not impressed by the Queen of Thorns.  I expected her to be, I don't know ... more thorny? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />She was laying on the sweetness in order to get what she wanted out of Sansa.I think the thorns will well and truly be out when she runs up against Tywin and Cersei. Tywin v Olenna will be a battle of the superpowers I reckon.
3591	Lady Arwen	2013-04-10	Definitely Thoros. I never really got a good feel for Thoros in the books, but the actor really managed to bring the character to life already.
3592	SummerSong	2013-04-10	My favorite is QoT Lady Olenna - Dame Diana Rigg nails it, as expected. Delightful scene with a smart, wickedly forthright master politician. I want her in my corner. Can't wait to see her spar with Tywin. Should be epic.
Reeds - Excellent casting, and Jojen's introduction was riveting. Bran's arc needs these fascinating mysterious characters. Can't wait to learn more.
Thoros of Myr, Anguy, Tormund Giantsbane - Enjoyably entertaining.
Orell - Special mention for his cool warg ability.
Great casting choices this season!
3593	Reposado	2013-04-10	definitely thoros so far. jojen looks promising as doe solenna.
meera is bland, tormund seems to be garbage
3594	bluemoon	2013-04-11	Thoros/Dennispennis
3595	oneortheother	2013-04-11	Marg. Love how she's playing Joff like a harp.
3596	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-11	Thoros and the other members of the Brotherhood. Awesome.
3597	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-04-11	Thoros and Anguy were great. Witty show-Thoros is sooo much better than preachy, morose book-Thoros. Show-Thoros is the kind of guy I can imagine playing drinking games with Robert Baratheon.
Mance was okay - I never actually imagined him as a very youthful guy in the books, his character didn't stand out to me to be honest. Ciaran Hinds fits the role of a smart, cunning yet slightly regal man. Physically he's a little heavier than I imagined Mance Rayder but he's good.
Olenna was actually a disappointment to me. In the show she doesn't come across as a "nice" lady at all. And the acting wasn't superb either IMO - I felt she was just reading her lines off a teleprompter. Her behavior towards Sansa also didn't come across very nicely - basically that whole scene was rushed - "hello sansa. have some cake. now please describe Joffrey in one sentence. Oh he's a monster? Thank you very much. See you!" From the book I had a totally different scene in mind, and a different QoT. She put on an act of being a nice, old lady at first and THEN she was revealed to be the mastermind of house Tyrell. The TV version has nothing of a nice old lady, she's more like an ASOIAF version of Margaret Thatcher. Thin-lipped, arrogant, brash.
					
					
							Edited by BreastplateWithNipples, 11 April 2013 - 09:39 AM.
3598	Arrow	2013-04-11	Speaking as a longtime fan of Ciaran Hinds I have to say regrettably that I don't think he's quite right for the role of Mance,  and that's speaking as someone who hasn't read that far in the books yet, also. Don't know why I feel that way, since there's so little to go by so far - maybe his age? - But I love the Jojen character, obviously /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3599	SummerSong	2013-04-11	Speaking as a longtime fan of Ciaran Hinds I have to say regrettably that I don't think he's quite right for the role of Mance,  and that's speaking as someone who hasn't read that far in the books yet... Yes, I agree. He has the bearing of a leader who can command respect but perhaps lacks a spark of Mance's charisma. Still, I do like Ciaran in the part and look forward to seeing more.
3600	Loras	2013-04-11	Yes, I agree. He has the bearing of a leader who can command respect but perhaps lacks a spark of Mance's charisma. Still, I do like Ciaran in the part and look forward to seeing more.I found him about 1000x more engaging in the first episode compared to the second episode.
3601	lostinwesteros	2013-04-11	This season, I've been relatively pleased with the introductions of the new characters, even if they didn't quite fall into line with their book counterparts.I thought Jojen's introduction in Bran's dream was stunning. In fact, I might even go as far as to say that small scene is my favourite of Season three, so far.I never had a shadow of doubt over the casting of Diana Rigg as Lady Olenna. I think this ep. proves I wasn't completely deluded.Tormund, I was quite happy with, I'm quietly hoping, as the season goes on, I'll gain the strength of feeling I had for him in the books.I was having a bit of trouble picturing Mackenzie Crook as Orell, when his role was first announced, but his warging scene, short as it was, I found quite satisfying.My single biggest disappointment, and I really hate to say it, is Mance. When I heard Ciaran Hinds had been cast, I couldn't have been more surprised. He is capable of delivering charismatic performances, I have no doubt, but as Mance?.... no. I'm just not feeling it, and for that matter, I'm not seeing it either.In the case of Thoros of Myr, whilst he is, in no shape or form, how I imagined him to be, I approve. I think he's a good example of how a character can be moulded to serve viewers needs, if not their expectations. I truly wish I could say the same for Mance.Sun and Moon, you captured my thoughts exactly.  I'll have to name Meera and Jojen as my favorites, though, with Thoros of Myr a very close second.
3602	GoodGuyA	2013-04-11	Meera is certainly my favorite thus far. Very strong and out-there without it being forced in an Arya way (which is still fine, but sorta something you can only do once!). There's simply a mutual respect that they were thought. I was actually kind of disappointed by Jojen cuz I feel the delivery is weak even though the actor is so strong.
Tormund was a hoot. Loved that seen and just the way everyone in that tent acted when Jon was so awkwardly bowing and all that. Mance is certainly not my favorite yet, but I have no problem with him so far. He needs actual time to develop a character besides just telling Jon about how he leads the wildlings. That should have been slipped into other conversations, not be conversations by themselves. It's not like the Old Bear. Orell, well, he's certainly got an oddity which is not entirely similar to the book character, but still welcome.
Loved Thoros' delivery. I feel he's going to become the new Jaquen for viewers, 
	Spoiler even though he's not the main person in this story.
 Vargo (or whatever he's calleD) gave a really intimidating appearance, but I feel they should have cut their accomplice down to give it more of an edge. Perhaps they are building up the suspense? Not a big issue, really.
3603	Loras	2013-04-08	So last week after the premiere I created a thread to discuss the action in the episode.  I felt the scenes in question (Sam<U+0080><U+0099>s rescue at the Fist and Barristan saving Dany from the manticore) were poorly executed with confused direction.  I was not having a go at the director, I think that he can produce great shots and scenes but he does struggle with action.  The latest episode, <U+0080>Dark Wings, Dark Words<U+0080><U+0099> strengthens my opinion.
Once again, during this episode there are two scenes that I believe are poorly directed and poorly executed.  The first, unsurprisingly is the large action set piece of Brienne and Jaime duelling on the bridge.  The aerial shots were expensive and reasonably impressive, but the close ups during the fight were poor once again.  Minahan seems to be the kind of director who films a scene from every angle possible and only later selects the shots for the sequence.  It suggests that he has little vision regarding these action sequences.  Compare the fight scene to the beautiful shot of Brienne and Jaime walking through the fields from distance.  Compare the fight scene to the opening sequence <U+0080><U+0093> my favourite in any <U+0080>Thrones<U+0080><U+0099> episode so far.  The vision and skill that Minahan demonstrates in these scenes does not pass over to his lacklustre action scenes.  For most of the fight scene I felt that I was a couple of seconds behind the action, creating a jarring effect akin to last week<U+0080><U+0099>s climax with the Manticore.
The other scene?  Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s torture.  This scene is handled extremely poorly in my opinion.  This could be the worst single scene of the entire episode.  Torture <U+0080><U+0093> I imagine, never having been tortured I am not an expert on such things <U+0080><U+0093> is intimate.  It is about the pain within the body which would convince someone to talk.  If this is true, please correct me if I am wrong, why were we given this scene from about a million different angles <U+0080><U+0093> including an aerial shot?  It dragged me straight from the action and shaking my head at Minahan<U+0080><U+0099>s erratic style.
To add to this and I am not sure if it is a hallmark of Minahan or the writing, but what was with the number of scenes which were shot from the perspective of someone looking into a mirror.  During the first episode of the season, we have Tyrion examining his scar <U+0080><U+0093> fine.  I guess he probably should.  Then in this episode we have a massive overkill: Joffrey and Cersei, Sansa and Shae and Joffrey and Margaery all have sections where people are talking to reflections.  It is clumsy, heavy-handed and overdone in a 55 minute episode.  Tell me someone else noticed the overuse of this technique?  I was half expecting Iwan Rhoen<U+0080><U+0099>s boy to be told to fetch a mirror so that Theon could talk to himself!
So, what is my problem?  I guess it is that a man who can produce such beautiful scenes <U+0080><U+0093> the Olenna scene was a feast for the eyes, the framing of Catelyn during her monologue was heartbreaking, Brandon<U+0080><U+0099>s dream <U+0080><U+0093> can drop the ball on so many occasions.  I almost hope that he is not invited back to direct during the 4th season <U+0080><U+0093> or that if he is, he is given an episode without any action sequences at all.
So, following on from last week, how did you all feel about Minahan<U+0080><U+0099>s second (and final) outing of the season?
3604	insertname	2013-04-09	I agree with on the fight scene, there was too much cutting around there, but had no problem with the mirrors. Tbh, apart from Joff/Marg I didn't even particularly notice it.
3605	Sun	2013-04-09	I agree. The fight scene was very poorly done. Looked obviously staged.
3606	The King Of Limbs	2013-04-09	Just wanted to add my two cents regarding Minahan...while the fight was not as epic as it was in the books (and this is coming from a huge Jaime fan) I still enjoyed it for the most part.
I think Minahan is capable of doing decent action scenes, he did direct an episode of Deadwood that features a very highly praised fight scene!
3607	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-09	I think you have a good point, and the directors in later episodes will probably do a better job with action scenes. That said, there were many things to like as well. I thought the scenes with Thoros were excellently done - love the way the camera move there. Mirrors were not an issue for me at all, although I do notice  now that they were a bit overused.
Overall it was a respectable effort but not spectacular.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 09 April 2013 - 08:52 AM.
3608	Queen of Whores	2013-04-09	What's strange is that I believe Minahan directed 'A Golden Crown' in season 1, with the excellently done Bronn vs Ser Vardis fight scene. He sure seems to have dropped the ball massively on this one. I loved his directing for the rest of the episode though, but you raise a good point about the Theon scenes, but I never liked then in the first place. They felt like they shouldn't have been included and didn't flow well with the rest of the episode's pacing.
I still enjoy his directing, as 'You Win or You Die,' an episode of his in season 1, is my favorite episode of the series, but he just doesn't do that well sometimes with action. He won't be directing anymore episodes this season, at least, as there are a couple of great fight scenes coming up I imagine. I'll cry if he directs the Oberyn/Mountain fight though. Only a master should be allowed to direct that scene, possibly my favorite in the entire series and definitely one of the most memorable and shocking.
3609	SerMudz	2013-04-09	I really disliked the Jaime/Brienne duel, both the way it was directed and written - Brienne should have been visibly struggling to hang onto her life in that scene but instead they chose to make Brienne loook 'badass' (snore) and Jaime look truly pathetic. And the direction meant the whole fight was a chore to watch, not exciting at all.
3610	Nezzer	2013-04-09	The Jaime/Brienne fight wasn't nearly as good as in the book, but I liked it. If I were a non-reader, I think I'd've loved it. The torture scenes were great IMHO. I don't see anything wrong with them.
3611	shiola	2013-04-09	RhymeswithFreak-- you should edit your post regarding that future fight.  This is a no spoiler thread.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I am not partial to action scenes in general so I don't really notice when they're done well or poorly, unless they're clearly awesome or glaringly terrible.  And this one didn't strike me as terrible, just a bit too long.
I noticed the mirror thing, for sure.
3612	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-09	I wasn't impressed by the handling of Brienne v Jamie. But it wasn't horrible.
I don't think the problem is with how its shot or edited. I think I just disliked the story the fight chose to tell.
The comparrison to the Bron/Vardis duel is a good one. Thats a terrifically done fight scene because its tells its own little story on top of what was at actually at stake in the result of the fight. Its a comparison of fighting styles with Bron retreating, giving ground, teasing the viewer that he is outmatched by the gallant knight. But slowly his strategy reveals itself to be working as the man in full plate slows down and tires. Its the classic rope-a-dope really (and is there a better fight story than the rumble in the jungle?) It actually echoes the conversation that Mormont has with Rhakaro (?) where one is arguing for speed and one for the protection of the full plate. Plus it also hits at major theme of ASOIAF. Having honor doesn't mean you'll win. Which would rather have, your honor or your life?etc. Point being, there's a lot going on in that fight.
What story does the Jamie/Brienne fight tell us? In a nutshell...Brienne is better with sword than the Kingslayer and is also really arrogant and nonchalant about it.
There is a story that fight can tell, that it just doesn't bother to.
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 09 April 2013 - 08:37 PM.
3613	Loras	2013-04-10	I think you have a good point, and the directors in later episodes will probably do a better job with action scenes. That said, there were many things to like as well. I thought the scenes with Thoros were excellently done - love the way the camera move there. Mirrors were not an issue for me at all, although I do notice  now that they were a bit overused.Overall it was a respectable effort but not spectacular.This really is my point about Minahan!  How can he do such a wonderful job on some scenes: Breakfast with Olenna, Cat/Robb, Cat/Talisa, Brienne/Jaime.  But then drop the ball so spectacularly on others!What's strange is that I believe Minahan directed 'A Golden Crown' in season 1, with the excellently done Bronn vs Ser Vardis fight scene. He sure seems to have dropped the ball massively on this one. I loved his directing for the rest of the episode though, but you raise a good point about the Theon scenes, but I never liked then in the first place. They felt like they shouldn't have been included and didn't flow well with the rest of the episode's pacing.I still enjoy his directing, as 'You Win or You Die,' an episode of his in season 1, is my favorite episode of the series, but he just doesn't do that well sometimes with action. He won't be directing anymore episodes this season, at least, as there are a couple of great fight scenes coming up I imagine. I'll cry if he directs the Oberyn/Mountain fight though. Only a master should be allowed to direct that scene, possibly my favorite in the entire series and definitely one of the most memorable and shocking.I discussed 'You Win Or You Die' last week.  I really don't like the direction of the Cersei-Ned confrontation scene, my favourite book scene. He uses a technique that he uses during the fight scene: the behind the foliage shot.  It really ruins the moment for me.My favourite director remains Alik Sakharov, the way that he captures 'What is dead can never die' is beautiful - particularly the baptism scene and the bait and switch with Tyrion.  Episode 6 spoiler:
	Spoiler I am looking forward to seeing his take on the Wildlings climbing the Wall!
3614	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-10	I really disliked the Jaime/Brienne duel, both the way it was directed and written - Brienne should have been visibly struggling to hang onto her life in that scene but instead they chose to make Brienne loook 'badass' (snore) and Jaime look truly pathetic. And the direction meant the whole fight was a chore to watch, not exciting at all.Jaime was malnourished and had his hands tied.
3615	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Jaime was malnourished and had his hands tied.And he's the greatest knight in the seven kingdoms, more or less. So...Yeah, honestly, the Jaime/Brienne fight was probably the worst action sequence in the show thus far outside of the Blackwater episode, which was just all around abysmal in a million different ways.I noticed the mirror thing too. I would be fine with a reoccurring theme of Tyrion looking into mirrors and whatnot, that'd be fine. But with everyone? It was quite noticeable.It's amazing to me that a show which has such beautiful, well crafted and excellently shot and written scenes at some points can have so much terribad to scenes at other parts. At least if the action scenes were consistently mediocre we'd be used to that and accept it as "budget probs, most likely" - but the fact this show gives us both really makes the good scenes become so much better than they really are and the worst scenes become so much worse.Also, don't forget in A Golden Crown. I don't know if it was the director or what, but Viserys death scene was horribly done. And by that, I mean Jason and Lloyd's acting were brilliant - but the way Emillia handled her last line, the way the scene cut out after her line, the way they melted that gold in 2 seconds and the gold pouring? All absolutely HORRID.
3616	victim	2013-04-11	People forget that Brienne gave Loras a pounding in the melee, so for her to beat a shackled and malnourished Jaime is not really a problem. It's not like Jaime doesn't fight well at the beginning, he just tires very quickly.  
It's also a lot harder to direct a fight scene than one with with little-to-no action or even movement, which is why he "dropped the ball" on this scene. I feel the biggest mistake was placing the fight on a bridge. It's a cool idea in theory but it allows minimal room for the characters and camera to move around freely and the fight couldn't be blocked perfectly as a result. Imagine how much better the fight would have been (and looked) if it was done in the area where Jaime has his "throne of cocks" line.
3617	Joyful Union	2013-04-11	And he's the greatest knight in the seven kingdoms, more or less. So...Yeah, honestly, the Jaime/Brienne fight was probably the worst action sequence in the show thus far outside of the Blackwater episode, which was just all around abysmal in a million different ways.I noticed the mirror thing too. I would be fine with a reoccurring theme of Tyrion looking into mirrors and whatnot, that'd be fine. But with everyone? It was quite noticeable.It's amazing to me that a show which has such beautiful, well crafted and excellently shot and written scenes at some points can have so much terribad to scenes at other parts. At least if the action scenes were consistently mediocre we'd be used to that and accept it as "budget probs, most likely" - but the fact this show gives us both really makes the good scenes become so much better than they really are and the worst scenes become so much worse.Also, don't forget in A Golden Crown. I don't know if it was the director or what, but Viserys death scene was horribly done. And by that, I mean Jason and Lloyd's acting were brilliant - but the way Emillia handled her last line, the way the scene cut out after her line, the way they melted that gold in 2 seconds and the gold pouring? All absolutely HORRID.1. He says he's the greatest knight in the seven kingdoms. Havent seen too much evidence yet. (apart from a high body count at whispering wood) Also the chapter was from his POV in the book, embellishments are entirely possible. Also, it's incredibly unrealistic that  man who has been malnourished and immobilized for months could be that good. 2. Blackwater was abysmal? I think you disagree with 99% of the people who've seen the episode there. By what measure could that episode be considered "abysmal"? For the wildfire alone, you could say that it wasnt abysmal.3. What's wrong with a recurring theme in an episode?4. What other terribad scenes?5. Low quality gold melts very quickly.
3618	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	1. He says he's the greatest knight in the seven kingdoms. Havent seen too much evidence yet. (apart from a high body count at whispering wood) Also the chapter was from his POV in the book, embellishments are entirely possible. Also, it's incredibly unrealistic that  man who has been malnourished and immobilized for months could be that good.2. Blackwater was abysmal? I think you disagree with 99% of the people who've seen the episode there. By what measure could that episode be considered "abysmal"? For the wildfire alone, you could say that it wasnt abysmal.3. What's wrong with a recurring theme in an episode?4. What other terribad scenes?5. Low quality gold melts very quickly.1. Read the books again. Jaime is one of the most praised and feared knights in the series, even AFTER a certain tragedy befalls him in ASoS. Sure he's cocky, but from what we know he wipes the floor with everyone in the books. The show really underplayed his significant skill, IMO. Not that this is a bad thing, since he ultimately doesn't fight many people in ASOIAF, but still noteable. I think if Eddard and Jaime had crossed swords in the book, Jaime would've easily won. Whereas in the show, it was fairly back and forth.2. The wildfire was solid. But everything else in that episode was pukeworthy. The horrid special effects and totally forgettable battle scene? King Stannis being on the front lines and the first up a ladder? Those needless forced scenes between Bronn and Sandor? The horrible choppy feeling to the flow of the constant Cersei/Sansa scenes? On that note, some of the worst acting by both Lena and Sophie both? Oh, and not to mention Sandor's lack of menace making show viewers question why Sansa turned down his offer? How about Tyrion's grand plan in the show be "blow them up, then use a sewer line to sneak behind them lol" as opposed to legitimate tactics and strategy? Actually, how about the total absence of any military or strategic talk whatsoever? Hmm, how about that awful scene where Cersei nearly kills Tommen, which made all my nonbook reading friends ask me "who's that kid?" since the show doesn't establish things? How about Sandor's fear in fire, which while it makes sense, is another thing nonbook readers never caught on to? That whole episode was fucking awful, The National's cover of Rains of Castamere in the credits was easily the best part of that hour. All of this is my opinion.3. OH, A BUNCH OF CHARACTERS LOOKING IN A MIRROR. WHAT AN INTERESTING AND UNIQUE THEME. *barf*4. So many. So so many. The most noteworthy "terrible" fight scenes was Robb's fight with the wildlings, the first episode prologue with the White Walkers, Sandor's scene where he murders Sansa's would-be rapers and the Eddard/Jaime exchange up to the point where Jory and Ned's "two best swords" die in two seconds flat. (Eddard VS Jaime itself was great though, and the idea with the spear in Ned's leg? Brilliant, hats off to whomever came up with that instead of the horse)5. It does, but not in two seconds flat.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 06:30 AM.
3619	Hoo	2013-04-11	I am OK with the filming angles and pace of fights.  It meets expectations, it's consistent throughout and I like that.
I thought the Jon/Halfhand fight was done well, and so were others.
As far as the Jaime/Brienne bridge fight, it lacked dramatic effect.  Drama in a fight comes from sense of danger, someone is about to die.  Here, it felt more like a sparing match with two characters chit chatting.  That's my only knock on that scene.
3620	go joff go	2013-04-11	I think you guys went in deciding you weren't going to like the fight scenes from the previews b/c I thought it was pretty  awesome and really well done for two actors without stunt men.  Your expectations are just unrealistic IMO.
3621	The Flaying Man	2013-04-11	1. Read the books again. Jaime is one of the most praised and feared knights in the series, even AFTER a certain tragedy befalls him in ASoS. Sure he's cocky, but from what we know he wipes the floor with everyone in the books. The show really underplayed his significant skill, IMO. Not that this is a bad thing, since he ultimately doesn't fight many people in ASOIAF, but still noteable. I think if Eddard and Jaime had crossed swords in the book, Jaime would've easily won. Whereas in the show, it was fairly back and forth.2. The wildfire was solid. But everything else in that episode was pukeworthy. The horrid special effects and totally forgettable battle scene? King Stannis being on the front lines and the first up a ladder? Those needless forced scenes between Bronn and Sandor? The horrible choppy feeling to the flow of the constant Cersei/Sansa scenes? On that note, some of the worst acting by both Lena and Sophie both? Oh, and not to mention Sandor's lack of menace making show viewers question why Sansa turned down his offer? How about Tyrion's grand plan in the show be "blow them up, then use a sewer line to sneak behind them lol" as opposed to legitimate tactics and strategy? Actually, how about the total absence of any military or strategic talk whatsoever? Hmm, how about that awful scene where Cersei nearly kills Tommen, which made all my nonbook reading friends ask me "who's that kid?" since the show doesn't establish things? How about Sandor's fear in fire, which while it makes sense, is another thing nonbook readers never caught on to? That whole episode was fucking awful, The National's cover of Rains of Castamere in the credits was easily the best part of that hour. All of this is my opinion.3. OH, A BUNCH OF CHARACTERS LOOKING IN A MIRROR. WHAT AN INTERESTING AND UNIQUE THEME. *barf*4. So many. So so many. The most noteworthy "terrible" fight scenes was Robb's fight with the wildlings, the first episode prologue with the White Walkers, Sandor's scene where he murders Sansa's would-be rapers and the Eddard/Jaime exchange up to the point where Jory and Ned's "two best swords" die in two seconds flat. (Eddard VS Jaime itself was great though, and the idea with the spear in Ned's leg? Brilliant, hats off to whomever came up with that instead of the horse)5. It does, but not in two seconds flat.If the show disgusts you so much, perhaps it would be more beneficial for your own happiness if you didn't watch it.
3622	Loras	2013-04-11	4. So many. So so many. The most noteworthy "terrible" fight scenes was Robb's fight with the wildlings, the first episode prologue with the White Walkers, Sandor's scene where he murders Sansa's would-be rapers and the Eddard/Jaime exchange up to the point where Jory and Ned's "two best swords" die in two seconds flat. (Eddard VS Jaime itself was great though, and the idea with the spear in Ned's leg? Brilliant, hats off to whomever came up with that instead of the horse)You bring up some really good points here.  I would disagree with you on the Sansa attempted rape scene, I thought it was brilliantly set up and quite horrifying.  Though I agree the Sandor the Terminator was dreadful.  It ruined a wonderful scene.The wildings scene was also directed Minahan.To be fair, I don't really know why the showrunners decided to bring him back after Season 1 - harsh I know.As for the mirrors, it only counts as a theme if it has a point.  If it doesn't have a point (and in this episode it did not) then it can't be considered a theme but rather an overused camera trick.  Though I think that some of the blame for that should be attributed to Vanessa Taylor - she probably wrote the transition between the Joff scene and the Sansa scene into the script.I am OK with the filming angles and pace of fights.  It meets expectations, it's consistent throughout and I like that.I thought the Jon/Halfhand fight was done well, and so were others.As far as the Jaime/Brienne bridge fight, it lacked dramatic effect.  Drama in a fight comes from sense of danger, someone is about to die.  Here, it felt more like a sparing match with two characters chit chatting.  That's my only knock on that scene.I enjoyed Jon/Halfhand too - but it wasn't directed by Minahan.  We have already praised his work on the Bronn/Vardis duel.  The problem with the fight is that there is a surplus of "arty" shots.  The only one I actually enjoyed was the aerial shot because it added scope.
3623	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-11	2. The wildfire was solid. But everything else in that episode was pukeworthy. The horrid special effects and totally forgettable battle scene? King Stannis being on the front lines and the first up a ladder? Those needless forced scenes between Bronn and Sandor? The horrible choppy feeling to the flow of the constant Cersei/Sansa scenes? On that note, some of the worst acting by both Lena and Sophie both? Oh, and not to mention Sandor's lack of menace making show viewers question why Sansa turned down his offer? How about Tyrion's grand plan in the show be "blow them up, then use a sewer line to sneak behind them lol" as opposed to legitimate tactics and strategy? Actually, how about the total absence of any military or strategic talk whatsoever? Hmm, how about that awful scene where Cersei nearly kills Tommen, which made all my nonbook reading friends ask me "who's that kid?" since the show doesn't establish things? How about Sandor's fear in fire, which while it makes sense, is another thing nonbook readers never caught on to? That whole episode was fucking awful, The National's cover of Rains of Castamere in the credits was easily the best part of that hour. All of this is my opinion.I don't think you'll get much better than that, seeing how it was George who wrote the episode (meaning the the story choices you complain about were all his) and I doubt anything will look better either, given the budget. Even more reason to expect the same things from the show is that the episode was very widely praised (got some individual awards as well) so I guess you'd better set your expectations thereafter. This is just me giving a tip, I'm not complaining about you having these opinions (including the rest of them that I didn't quote), even if I disagree with them (and think that the drama queen language is a bit much).
3624	Loras	2013-04-11	I think you guys went in deciding you weren't going to like the fight scenes from the previews b/c I thought it was pretty  awesome and really well done for two actors without stunt men.  Your expectations are just unrealistic IMO.Nobody has knocked the actors at all.  The problem that I had with the scene was the direction (and ultimate editing) of the duel.  There is a thread about it from Episode 1 too, discussing the cold open and the Barristan scene.  The problem, once again is not the acting or the action sequences but the way that the director has executed them.  In my opinion - and it is only an opinion - he did not do a very good job on them.
3625	go joff go	2013-04-11	I'm not sure what you wante them to do? Did you want them to make the scene which probably was alrady the longest scene in the first two episodes 2 minutes longer and for the actors to have long stretches where they are huffing and puffing. I thought the scene was uniquely shot and that your criticisms seem nitpicky.  If you hadn't read the books I think you would have beeen satisfied with the scene..
3626	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	You bring up some really good points here.  I would disagree with you on the Sansa attempted rape scene, I thought it was brilliantly set up and quite horrifying.  Though I agree the Sandor the Terminator was dreadful.  It ruined a wonderful scene.The wildings scene was also directed Minahan.To be fair, I don't really know why the showrunners decided to bring him back after Season 1 - harsh I know.Yeah, he was pretty terrible. The thing with this show is I feel like EVERYONE behind the scenes is doing favors for everyone. LOL WE'RE SO IMPRESSED WITH THE ACTRESS WHO PLAYS ROS, LET'S CHANGE HER FROM A ONE EPISODE CHARACTER TO PRACTICALLY A MAIN CHARACTER CAUSE SHE'S SUCH A GOOD ACTRESS LOL.And agreed about Sandor. That scene would've been gorgeous and horrifying, but instead they went 80's horror flick on us with OBVIOUSLY fake and clearly over the top guts pouring out of the corpses. This is the same reason the Walkers slaughter at the start of the first ep of season one, why all of the Blackwater Battle and why Arya's killing of the stableboy all are just fucking laughable.I enjoyed Jon/Halfhand too - but it wasn't directed by Minahan.  We have already praised his work on the Bronn/Vardis duel.  The problem with the fight is that there is a surplus of "arty" shots.  The only one I actually enjoyed was the aerial shot because it added scope.The fight itself was solid, and the acting was great too. It was a mixture of needless silly camera jazz AND the plot butchering* that made the scene mediocre.*Us having no emotional attachment to the five minutes of TV Qhorin, the audience not really understanding what's going on and the fact Ygritte and them freeing Jon(without argument or protest to boot) without any real reasoning.Nobody has knocked the actors at all.  The problem that I had with the scene was the direction (and ultimate editing) of the duel.  There is a thread about it from Episode 1 too, discussing the cold open and the Barristan scene.  The problem, once again is not the acting or the action sequences but the way that the director has executed them.  In my opinion - and it is only an opinion - he did not do a very good job on them.This. I agree.If the show disgusts you so much, perhaps it would be more beneficial for your own happiness if you didn't watch it.It really doesn't disgust me. I can get OUT of my book-loving head and watch it as just a TV show, but even then there are still loads of problems. Of course, so far, they're mainly all the second season and half the first ep of season 3.I enjoyed the second ep of season 3 quite a bit, even if I disagree with their pacing, and I love the first season. I'm hoping the second season was just "growing pains" or some stupid bullshit excuse, because frankly the second season is awful, but i'm hoping season 3+ will be as great or greater than season one.Also, i'm very much a believer of being able to enjoy something AND highly criticize it's countless flaws at the same time. You should've seen me on the Lost forums during the fourth season onwards. Man, was I so conflicted. I hated so many things they did, but still found so much enjoyment in the show(okay, mainly the actors/characters) to keep watching. Or, even lolzie, you should've seen my absolute DISGUST when watching seasons two and three of Heroes after how amazing the first season of that show was.I don't think you'll get much better than that, seeing how it was George who wrote the episode (meaning the the story choices you complain about were all his) and I doubt anything will look better either, given the budget. Even more reason to expect the same things from the show is that the episode was very widely praised (got some individual awards as well) so I guess you'd better set your expectations thereafter. This is just me giving a tip, I'm not complaining about you having these opinions (including the rest of them that I didn't quote), even if I disagree with them (and think that the drama queen language is a bit much).You'd actually be surprised. D&D rewrote about 80% of GRRM's script. He wrote it in NAME ONLY.As far as I can tell, the only parts of that episode he actually HIMSELF wrote was the Davos/his son convos on the boats and the Cersei/Sansa + Cersei/Tommen scenes. Everything else? Rewritten. Stannis wasn't supposed to be on the frontlines, the Bronn/Sandor scene was supposed to very different and feature no nudity, the Sandor/Sansa scene was really toned down, Varys was supposed to reveal his nuts-losing back story, etc.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 11 April 2013 - 07:03 AM.
3627	Joyful Union	2013-04-11	You'd actually be surprised. D&D rewrote about 80% of GRRM's script. He wrote it in NAME ONLY.As far as I can tell, the only parts of that episode he actually HIMSELF wrote was the Davos/his son convos on the boats and the Cersei/Sansa + Cersei/Tommen scenes. Everything else? Rewritten. Stannis wasn't supposed to be on the frontlines, the Bronn/Sandor scene was supposed to very different and feature no nudity, the Sandor/Sansa scene was really toned down, Varys was supposed to reveal his nuts-losing back story, etc.I would be surprised, because you are wrong, at least half the scenes were written by GRRM. 80%? The Cersei scenes alone are at least 20% of the episode! Youre telling me all the scenes with Tyrion were rewritten? His conversations on the rampart? Quit blaming everything on D&D!
3628	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	I would be surprised, because you are wrong, at least half the scenes were written by GRRM. 80%? The Cersei scenes alone are at least 20% of the episode! Youre telling me all the scenes with Tyrion were rewritten? His conversations on the rampart?Quit blaming everything on D&D!I wasn't being literal with the "80%" part, but yes. Everything that wasn't Cersei or Davos, was rewritten. Everything he planned out for the battle was changed. He wanted the Sandor/Sansa scene to be a near rape like it was in the books, but they felt that was too "shocking". bronn and Sandor were simply supposed to be drinking and having fun with men before the bells, but they changed it and added a naked girl and a forced showdown between San and Bronn. Near every Tyrion scene was changed, except his speech itself. GRRM himself was notably disturbed, in the interviews I saw, with Stannis being on the front lines and the first up the fucking ladder.But GRRM has said that his favorite change was Sandor's "Fuck the Kingsguard, fuck the city, fuck the king" lines because it was both brilliantly simple and made it clear to the audience that he was no longer Lannister.
3629	Loras	2013-04-11	I would be surprised, because you are wrong, at least half the scenes were written by GRRM. 80%? The Cersei scenes alone are at least 20% of the episode! Youre telling me all the scenes with Tyrion were rewritten? His conversations on the rampart?Quit blaming everything on D&D!Martin speaks about the changes (either from his original script or the books) for the majority of his commentary on the 'Blackwater' episode.  It was extensively reviewed by D&D.That being said, the thing that Martin seemed most upset about during that commentary was that none of the characters were wearing helmets.
3630	King of the Road	2013-04-11	I wasn't being literal with the "80%" part, but yes. Everything that wasn't Cersei or Davos, was rewritten. Everything he planned out for the battle was changed. He wanted the Sandor/Sansa scene to be a near rape like it was in the books, but they felt that was too "shocking". bronn and Sandor were simply supposed to be drinking and having fun with men before the bells, but they changed it and added a naked girl and a forced showdown between San and Bronn. Near every Tyrion scene was changed, except his speech itself. GRRM himself was notably disturbed, in the interviews I saw, with Stannis being on the front lines and the first up the fucking ladder.But GRRM has said that his favorite change was Sandor's "Fuck the Kingsguard, fuck the city, fuck the king" lines because it was both brilliantly simple and made it clear to the audience that he was no longer Lannister.Even if GRRM was disturbed by it it's not necessarily a bad change. It presents Stannis as a direct contrast to Joffrey and reinforces his belief in himself as Azor Ahai; he has utter faith that The Lord of Light will protect him. It's not like it's a massive change to the character, I don't understand why GRRM would be so uneasy about adding a few scenes of Stannis actually taking hold of the situation for himself.I also thought I read that GRRM liked the scene with Bronn and The Hound but I could be wrong with that one.
3631	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	GRRM is fine with STannis fighting and leading, but obviously him LEADING the charge and going straight up the ladder would NEVER happen in ANY realistic context. Since he's, you know, the king. And ladders get knocked over, have burning oil poured down them, etc.
Also, Stannis really isn't much of a zealot. He only plays that card because it gets him support.
3632	King of the Road	2013-04-11	GRRM is fine with STannis fighting and leading, but obviously him LEADING the charge and going straight up the ladder would NEVER happen in ANY realistic context. Since he's, you know, the king. And ladders get knocked over, have burning oil poured down them, etc.Also, Stannis really isn't much of a zealot. He only plays that card because it gets him support.Yeah but let's face it, this isn't a realistic context, it's a fantasy drama on TV and Stannis leads the attack so that the audience views him in direct contrast to Joffrey.Also, Stannis believes he is the hero destined to save the world from The Others. I'm not suggesting he's a zealot when it comes to R'hllor, but he believes in himself, both in the show, and in the books.
3633	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-11	Yeah but let's face it, this isn't a realistic context, it's a fantasy drama on TV and Stannis leads the attack so that the audience views him in direct contrast to Joffrey.Fair enough. it's still jarring,Also, Stannis believes he is the hero destined to save the world from The Others. I'm not suggesting he's a zealot when it comes to R'hllor, but he believes in himself, both in the show, and in the books.Stannis doesn't truly believe he's AAR, he says so himself that he doesn't truly believe in any of that. It's a means to an ends for him, he doesn't believe he's supposed to save the world. Nor does he particularly WANT to save the world, he just does whatever is the "just" and "lawful" thing. *shrug*
3634	Head of The Ned	2013-04-08	Pretty funny found this in some blog that reviewed the last episode- The question "Where's Rickon?" has been a recurring joke throughout all of "Game of Thrones" -- it even has a hilarious Tumblr. It stems from the fact that Rickon's character isn't very developed and is also rarely seen throughout the series. That's the same in the "A Song of Ice and Fire" books, though there are some good theories about where Rickon is in "A Dance with Dragons." That's why it was so funny to hear Bran ask Osha, "Where's Rickon?" in this episode.http://whereisrickon.tumblr.com
3635	Dr. Pepper	2013-04-08	I legit lol'd when Rickon ran off to do his own thing for a bit while the others were all 'shrug'.  It's nearly becoming a running joke to see how the writers get Rickon away from the screen each episode.
3636	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	I just picture them trying to film him doing some basic lines but he just botches it terribly and the crew is just like..."Ok kid just go run off over there and play in the grass."
3637	cybobbie	2013-04-08	It's funny because another day I saw an interview of Natalia Tena (Osha) saying that the amount of energy that the boy that plays Rickon (Art Parkinson) has is amazing, so I guess that the kid is literally running around all the time.
3638	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-08	I was wondering why Bran would send Summer with Rickon to protect him. Did Shaggydog have a prior appointment or something?
3639	Head of The Ned	2013-04-09	I'm starting to believe the "shaggydog" theory concerning Rickon and his future importance to the story. And yeah it was odd that Rickon's wolf wasn't with him... at first I thought he chased after shaggydog but on re-watch I saw he just ran off for nor reason lol him and hodor are like the comic relief
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 09 April 2013 - 01:14 AM.
3640	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-10	In the book, when I thought he was dead I was so upset by that almost as much as Robb, and way more than Bran and Ned. Dunno why tho
3641	boojam	2013-04-10	It's funny because another day I saw an interview of Natalia Tena (Osha) saying that the amount of energy that the boy that plays Rickon (Art Parkinson) has is amazing, so I guess that the kid is literally running around all the time.Well even in the books GRRM made Rickon vanish and I don't think is even mentioned , not seen, in ADwD.George said he was bolled over by Natalia he was going to put her back in the story (in Winter?), she's been off stage with Rickon for a long long time now.A guess. Osha stays with the group until Nightfort where reluctant to go north of the wall again she makes the sensible suggestion that she split with Rickon which Bran thinks is logical.Then we pick up Osha and Rickon's story in season 4, I can not imagine what it will be the quick cut pudding adds another raisin! Let just hope George does not invent any more major characters starting in novel 6!
3642	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-10	Osha has shown an aversion to black magic & Jojen. I think Jojen is going to convince Bran that they need to go North of the Wall. Osha is going to argue against it and in the end Bran will slip away leaving Osha and Rickon. Jojen will tell him they will be fine on their own. I don't see Osha letting "the little lord" go north with these "black magic" doers willingly.
3643	boojam	2013-04-10	Osha has shown an aversion to black magic & Jojen. I think Jojen is going to convince Bran that they need to go North of the Wall. Osha is going to argue against it and in the end Bran will slip away leaving Osha and Rickon. Jojen will tell him they will be fine on their own. I don't see Osha letting "the little lord" go north with these "black magic" doers willingly.Well in the books it was Maester Luwin , who for logical reasons instructed Bran and Rickon to split, which is the last time , on the page we saw Rickon.I think the logic will be that Osha , has she has in the series, expressed her total unease about going north of the wall.She thought they were going to Castle Black and Jon in the series.I don't think Bran would abandon his brother, but I can see Jojen making the same argument that Luwin did and Bran agreeing.Question is are D and D as taken with Natalia as George is? We might be getting an Osha-Rickon story season 4, would that be from GRRM or D and D?If the Hound is still alive those stories might be combined, tho that would be entirely new material.
3644	The Monkey	2013-04-10	I really wanna see Rickon riding Shaggydog some time this season. I think it could work size-wise.
3645	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-10	The only way I could see the show successfully implementing Rickon and Osha in the plot after the split is if D&D radically sped up their and Davos' storyline. I don't recall the exact chronology of the books, but if Stannis is at the Wall already at the end of this season, then they could show us R&O travelling to Skagos (maybe with Sam and Gilly on the same boat some of the way to intertwine as many storylines as possible) and Davos finding them in the middle/towards the end of s4. That's the only variant that would work IMO.
Combining R&O's plot with characters that are near them, like Jon or Theon, on the other hand, that wouldn't work at all I'm afraid. If that happened people would learn where Bran had gone, which spoils the mystery.
3646	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Stannis won't arrive at the wall this season. If they do it's character assassination.
3647	Oakenfist	2013-04-10	I really wanna see Rickon riding Shaggydog some time this season. I think it could work size-wise.Lol that would be hilarious and have Hodor chasing them saying "Hodor!"
3648	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-11	I'm guessing that the split will come when Bran and Jojen "dream" of bloody men coming to kill them. i.e. Flayed Men, i.e. Bolton's hit squad (Locke, et al) after they extract the information from Theon that the boys are actually still alive.  They'll decide to split up Bran & Rickon to better hide from them.  And it'll be the first solid hint for the TV audience that The Boltons are not on the up-and-up (prior to that, the show will be attempting to create the false impression in viewer's minds that the Boltons are trying to find out about the boys so they can be safely returned to Robb and put Cat's mind at ease, and this is Roose's "excuse" for having his son put Theon through non-lethal torture that will placate Robb).
In the meantime, Rickon will probably just continue to run around and crack a few more walnuts.
3649	Head of The Ned	2013-04-11	I'm guessing that the split will come when Bran and Jojen "dream" of bloody men coming to kill them. i.e. Flayed Men, i.e. Bolton's hit squad (Locke, et al) after they extract the information from Theon that the boys are actually still alive.  They'll decide to split up Bran & Rickon to better hide from them.  And it'll be the first solid hint for the TV audience that The Boltons are not on the up-and-up (prior to that, the show will be attempting to create the false impression in viewer's minds that the Boltons are trying to find out about the boys so they can be safely returned to Robb and put Cat's mind at ease, and this is Roose's "excuse" for having his son put Theon through non-lethal torture that will placate Robb).In the meantime, Rickon will probably just continue to run around and crack a few more walnuts.I like it. I also wonder if there is something more to Rickon and the walnut cracking? They show it a lot, him cracking them with his hands too which is something most 10 year olds can't do... Or maybe I'm just reading too much into things .
3650	WinterWarrior	2013-04-11	I just watched this episode again last night and Shaggydog is with Rickon in the beginning and with him when he is running off. Then Bran sends Summer with them, and says "the wolves (plural) will look after him". So he was just off running around, he was not leaving the picture.
I do think Bran and Rickon will separate and agree that it will probably be Jojen that suggests it. Osha will have to feel that Bran is safe with Jojen and Meera before she goes though.
I wish Meera and Jojen were not so creepy, in the book they are just the opposite.
3651	Col. Forbin	2013-04-11	I wish Meera and Jojen were not so creepy, in the book they are just the opposite.
I agree but the way they met probably has something to do with it. They had built a friendship and rapport at Winterfell before lambing it instead of meeting in a dream and being stalked in the woods. I prefered the vulnerable and meek Jojen in the books better too instead of the confident, self-assured show version but at least the are giving Bran's story and importance the proper amount of screen time because Bran and his abilities were one of the things I was afraid the show would downplay.
3652	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-11	I like it. I also wonder if there is something more to Rickon and the walnut cracking? They show it a lot, him cracking them with his hands too which is something most 10 year olds can't do... Or maybe I'm just reading too much into things .Nah, he's just an unsupervised little boy running around venting his destructive energy (and probably a lot of psychological frustration) because there isn't a strong authority figure in his life right now.  I've taken to calling him "the Medieval Latchkey Kid".  And they're written out Old Nan and Luwin by now so they can't show him biting/punching them. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3653	Tadco26	2013-04-09	It will be interesting to see what role the other Greyjoys have outside of Theon this season.  So far the only place they took in the north was Deepwood Motte, and it sounded like Yara was headed back to the Iron Isles when she asked Theon to come with her last season.  Moat Cailin has not been taken by the Ironborn like it was in the book, and since Robb had his entire army at Harrenhal, he could have just gone up the King's Road if he wanted to go secure the north and not even bother going thru the Twins.
Which brings up the question of why will TV Robb need to try and pacify the TV Freys?  Perhaps I forgot, but I don't recall Robb getting any additional soldiers from them in the show, where they contributed a lot in the books.  At least none have been shown leaving him so far in the show since the marriage.  The Ironborn don't control Moat Cailin and as far as Robb knows Ramsay has caused them to retreat from Winterfell.  The Ironborn presumably still control Deepwood Motte, but there haven't been any reports of further raids.  Will Yara or some other Greyjoy take Moat Cailin?  If not, what will be Robb's motivation to want to go back north? If all the TV Frey's were contributing was the bridge at the Twins, why not take the King's Road, and how big a deal is losing the Frey's really?
3654	tito5601	2013-04-09	the freys also gave robb soldiers in the show 4000 i think
3655	KingWolf	2013-04-09	All I know is I saw Yara in the previews. Maybe also show Balon's death and her reaction.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 09 April 2013 - 07:18 PM.
3656	FSBA	2013-04-09	Has Moat Cailin even been mentioned in the show? As far as we know the only way back North for Robb's army IS the Twins.
3657	victim	2013-04-09	All I know is I saw Yara in the previews. Maybe also show Balon's death and her reaction.This is something I've wanted to discuss for a while. Do you think they'll show Balon dying - or rather do you think they even can?There's a popular theory that a FM (likely Jaqen) killed Balon and was paid by Euron with a dragons egg (which also explains the alchemist at Oldtown). Balon's death is one of those mysteries that hasn't been revealed in full yet, so I don't know if they can actually show it.Or maybe he just fell.
3658	tito5601	2013-04-09	Has Moat Cailin even been mentioned in the show? As far as we know the only way back North for Robb's army IS the Twins. renly mentioned moat caillin last season rite before he got stabbed he agreed thats where the border of the north ends but i doubt anybody noticed him mention it.. i usually watch episode twice its amazing how much new things u learn
3659	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	Balon indicated in season 2 that what Asha and he would do would separate Robb permanently from the North. Else his whole plan would have been completely pointless, including his remark that 'Winterfell may oppose us for a year'. Surely Robb would have had the time to return north in a year if the way was still open.
My guess is that season 3 will give us some Asha stuff showing us how she takes Moat Cailin, or otherwise blocks Robb from returning home. There might also be some thought/conversation between Asha and Balon about Theon, if she returns to the Iron Islands (which would make little sense in my opinion). Showing us Balon's death this season would be pretty pointless since his death is immediately followed by Euron's return and ascension to the Seastone Chair. And since Euron has not been cast yet, this is not going to happen. Which is why I'm quite sure that season 4 will open its Greyjoy arc with Balon's death, Euron's return, the introduction of Aeron and Victarion, and the preparation for the Kingsmoot. I hope they are going to give Alfie Allen a break in season 4. It makes no sense to give us additional torture stuff after Ramsay's identity and the Bolton betrayal has been revealed.
3660	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-10	Moat Caillin is going to need to be taken for Theon getting their surrender in ADWD. Though that maybe too far away for them to do it this season. I think Theon turning his own people in for Ramsey to kill them is really needed to show the control over him Ramsey has
3661	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	By the way: Is anyone believing that Ironborn got away from Winterfell? Surely Theon is going to discover the flayed corpses/living remains of Dagmer and company in a cell next to his...
3662	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-10	I was going to say that Yara is not listed in imdb as being in Season 3, but then I looked again and saw that Theon isn't either, so obviously the list is not comprehensive /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
3663	The Monkey	2013-04-10	Balon indicated in season 2 that what Asha and he would do would separate Robb permanently from the North. Else his whole plan would have been completely pointless, including his remark that 'Winterfell may oppose us for a year'. Surely Robb would have had the time to return north in a year if the way was still open.My guess is that season 3 will give us some Asha stuff showing us how she takes Moat Cailin, or otherwise blocks Robb from returning home. There might also be some thought/conversation between Asha and Balon about Theon, if she returns to the Iron Islands (which would make little sense in my opinion). Showing us Balon's death this season would be pretty pointless since his death is immediately followed by Euron's return and ascension to the Seastone Chair. And since Euron has not been cast yet, this is not going to happen. Which is why I'm quite sure that season 4 will open its Greyjoy arc with Balon's death, Euron's return, the introduction of Aeron and Victarion, and the preparation for the Kingsmoot. I hope they are going to give Alfie Allen a break in season 4. It makes no sense to give us additional torture stuff after Ramsay's identity and the Bolton betrayal has been revealed.But that means that Roose Bolton spends the entire season 4 at the Twins, and only begins moving north with his troops and the Freys in season 5. Makes little sense, seeing as he probably wants to establish his rule of the North as early as possible. Then again, Roose's return to the North needs to fit in with Stannis' arrival... Lots of shit to take into consideration when dividing the seasons; I'm glad I'm not the producer!
3664	Sun	2013-04-10	My guess is that season 3 will give us some Asha stuff showing us how she takes Moat Cailin, or otherwise blocks Robb from returning home. There might also be some thought/conversation between Asha and Balon about Theon, if she returns to the Iron Islands (which would make little sense in my opinion). Showing us Balon's death this season would be pretty pointless since his death is immediately followed by Euron's return and ascension to the Seastone Chair. And since Euron has not been cast yet, this is not going to happen. Which is why I'm quite sure that season 4 will open its Greyjoy arc with Balon's death, Euron's return, the introduction of Aeron and Victarion, and the preparation for the Kingsmoot. I hope they are going to give Alfie Allen a break in season 4. It makes no sense to give us additional torture stuff after Ramsay's identity and the Bolton betrayal has been revealed.I think Balon will die die this season as an aftermath of the leaches scene. His death will foreshadow Robb's. Asha will hear the news and travel back to the Isles. We may get scenes of her referencing her uncles and her need to take her father's seat, or we may not.Roose will travel North shortly after RW. The beginning of next season will have him in the North, imo.
3665	Nezzer	2013-04-10	I think they did take Moat Cailin. When Balon tells Theon and Yarasha his plans, he says that securing the Neck is part of his plans. He just didn't say who he assigned to that task.
3666	jmk51	2013-04-10	By the way: Is anyone believing that Ironborn got away from Winterfell? Surely Theon is going to discover the flayed corpses/living remains of Dagmer and company in a cell next to his...I thought Robb said everyone could go but Theon... which is why they conked him over the head, turned him over to Bolton, and went their merry way?
3667	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	Ramsay is not the type to let people go their way. Especially not if he can torture, flay, and kill them. Robb's offer may have been sincere, but Ramsay was at Winterfell, not Robb.
On Roose going North at once in season 4:
This is not necessary. First, Tywin does not intend to grant the North to Roose Bolton. He intends to make Tyrion Lord Protector of Winterfell. Roose is supposed to be the tool to get rid of the Ironborn, and come the next spring Lady Sansa and Lord Tyrion would have taken their seat at Winterfell.
This means that the whole fake Arya plot only kicks into gear after Joffrey's death. And that's going to happen in season 4. If this is going to happen very early in season 4 it may be interesting to have Roose travel in person to KL (the whole non-distance thing of the show makes this easily possible) to claim fake Arya, interact with Tywin and other members at court, before leaving for Winterfell shortly before the end of season 4.
Then things can unfold the way they are supposed to.
3668	The Monkey	2013-04-10	it may be interesting to have Roose travel in person to KL (the whole non-distance thing of the show makes this easily possible) to claim fake Arya, interact with Tywin and other members at court, before leaving for Winterfell shortly before the end of season 4.Then things can unfold the way they are supposed to.I like this. A Roose/Tywin conversation would be fucking epic. All they need is Stannis too, and they've struck gold.
3669	Warhawk137	2013-04-10	I like this. A Roose/Tywin conversation would be fucking epic. All they need is Stannis too, and they've struck gold.Lord, that would be the grimmest, scowliest thing ever televised...
3670	tito5601	2013-04-10	I like this. A Roose/Tywin conversation would be fucking epic. All they need is Stannis too, and they've struck gold. a stare contest between tywin and stannis would be funny and also probably last forever
3671	Lord Varys	2013-04-11	While we are at it:
The Jeyne Poole thing can be solved pretty easily. Just give us a fake Arya girl and make it a mystery who she really is. As soon as Theon comes into play later on, we will gradually realize that he knows her, which could reveal that she was a childhood friend of Arya and Sansa once. This will work much better than this stupid Talisa theory, who simply would not be connected to Theon Greyjoy in any way. Nor would he have to fulfill a purpose during the wedding at Winterfell.
3672	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-11	Hearing Stannis say "Give me another son" to Mel got me thinking. Even if Euron ordered Balon's death in the books, what if they decided to go with Mel giving birth to another demon baby, which would kill Balon on the show? Not sure how appealing this would be, as Robb and the Lannisters are a more immediate threat to him, but it would demystify Balon's death and give the characters on Dragonstone more to do this season.By the way: Is anyone believing that Ironborn got away from Winterfell? Surely Theon is going to discover the flayed corpses/living remains of Dagmer and company in a cell next to his...I thought the soldiers standing behind the torturer in the Dreadfort looked like Ironborn (mostly because of their helmets), but I don't think the Boltons would trust them that much.
3673	mcbrigno	2013-04-08	With the set-up scene with Shae saying "we need to protect her [Sansa]", I'm going to make a guess that Tyrion, rather than Tywin, is actually going to propose the idea of marrying Sansa in order to "protect her".
This could happen for several reasons:
1) It further gives the audience reason to believe Tyrion is a good man deep down.
2) It's consistent with Tyrion helping Sansa anyway, even though she will likely not see it that way.
3) Tywin or Joffrey may propose that something be done with her or she be married off to someone else and Tyrion will feel bad, remember Shae's "protect her" bit, and step up to help.
4) It would further strike home Tyrion's feelings towards Joffrey during the "Everyone is mine to torment" scene.
Did anyone else get this feeling? I'm betting my money on it. It could very well be proposed just as in the books but it seemed like they were setting up for it to happen this way given that scene.
3674	Pellaeon	2013-04-08	I have the strong feeling the relationship will evolve in the next few episodes. If I remember righ there is a scene between these two in the gardens or something. Maybe they plot it. It will be defenetly different to the books. I like it
3675	Newstar	2013-04-08	Actually, TV Tyrion in this episode seemed fairly unconcerned about what was going to happen to Sansa. Shae was the one pushing to protect Sansa, and in response to her concerns, Tyrion more or less said nothing could be done as to Littlefinger's interest in Sansa, as (he implied) Littlefinger would be one of many suitors would be hounding Sansa because of her beauty/name. Tyrion seemed a lot like his book self, actually, commenting on Sansa's beauty in the abstract but not really thinking much about her one way or another, even when Shae flagged what she believed to be a potential threat. So I don't really see this version of Tyrion going out of his way to propose marriage as a way of protecting Sansa; his thought in this episode seemed to be that the only threat she faced was that of sorting through all the suitors vying for her hand. He almost made it sound as if Sansa would be free to marry as she chose, now that the Lannisters had "discarded" her, but either TV Tyrion is much more naive than his book self, or maybe he was just offering some glib reassurance to Shae without thinking about it too much.My impression after 3x02 is that TV Tyrion seems disinclined to go out of his way for Sansa, which, again, tracks pretty closely to his book self. That could change, I guess, but there was a marked contrast between Shae's sternly telling Sansa to come to her if Littlefinger tried anything and Tyrion shrugging off Shae's insistence on protecting Sansa with a simple "We can't" and indicating he didn't want to talk about Sansa.If I remember righ there is a scene between these two in the gardens or something.Yes, but it's probably the following:
	Spoiler Sansa has a scene in the gardens/godswood equivalent in 3x10, since there's a still of her from 3x10 in an outdoors setting. I'm guessing this is the scene where Tyrion informs her about the Red Wedding.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 03:48 AM.
3676	Mladen	2013-04-08	The show will completely ruin Sansa`s arc. There`s no doubt in that. Not long ago I said that TV Tyrion is much lovable than book Tyrion, and because of that, TV fans will hate Sansa for her behaviour in that marriage.
Never forget that at the moment of his wedding Tyrion has nothing. And with the wedding he could gain a lot. He isn`t some Prince Charming trying to save her from some unthinkable horrors.
And if producers pull that on Tyrion and Sansa, I`ll be really disappointed with their shortsightness when Sansa`s character is concerned
3677	Newstar	2013-04-08	TV Tyrion is much lovable than book Tyrion, and because of that, TV fans will hate Sansa for her behaviour in that marriage.Eh, I dunno about that. In 3x02, the episode paired Shae's warning to Sansa about men only wanting one thing from a pretty girl with Tyrion commenting on Sansa being a great beauty, linking Shae's comment about the nefarious intentions of men towards pretty girls with Tyrion's noticing Sansa's beauty. (And Shae expressed outrage towards Tyrion referring to Sansa as a great beauty, calling him a pervert and Sansa a child.)The other thing I noticed in 3x02 (and in the premiere) was the shots of the Lannister soldiers accompanying Sansa everywhere she goes (lurking outside her door, trailing behind her as she walked with Loras, watching her at the docks): it's a subtle reminder of her status as a prisoner in KL and the oppressive presence of the Lannisters in Sansa's life.I mean, it could go any number of ways, but it seems like TV Sansa and TV Tyrion are tracking fairly close to their book selves right now: Sansa is starry-eyed about the Tyrells, and Tyrion views Sansa as beautiful but really isn't losing any sleep worrying about her plight. Sounds about right.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 03:59 AM.
3678	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	I'm furious about where this is going. Involving Tyrion via Shae is sooo clumsy, and really just wrong IMO. And as if Sansa, after promising Littlefinger that she wouldn't tell ANYONE about their arrangement, would sit there chatting with Shae about his intentions with her. Really really poorly done.
And if Tyrion does propose that he marries Sansa, I'll be even more furious. That really would be character butchery for Tyrion. The whole idea of his father proposing the marriage was to enforce that Tywin was still in charge, and could force his son into whatever he chose to suit the realm. Tyrion's unwillingness in his marriage fuels his hatred for his father, which is pretty important given the way things turn out between the two of them. I'm really worried about this whole arc now that you've raised this...
3679	Newstar	2013-04-08	And as if Sansa, after promising Littlefinger that she wouldn't tell ANYONE about their arrangement, would sit there chatting with Shae about his intentions with her.Sansa didn't mention the escape plan, though; that was made very clear. She held up that end. She danced around it by stating that Littlefinger took an interest in her because of his love for Catelyn, which led into the conversation with Shae. Shae was probing as to whether there was something else, but Sansa refused to divulge anything about the escape plan.And if Tyrion does propose that he marries Sansa, I'll be even more furious.I don't think Tyrion will propose that he marries Sansa. I do think that Shae will tell Tyrion about the planned Tyrell marriage, and that Tyrion will take that news to Tywin (probably without fully grasping what will happen as a result, although he might). Then Tywin turns around and asks him to marry Sansa.
3680	Sp_ey_der	2013-04-08	The writers have played it very smartly indeed. With this one seed, they have planted the roots for 3 things, one of which was unexplained in the books:
1) LF being sent away to the Vale.
2) Tyrion marrying Sansa.
3) Shae betraying Tyrion, which was never given a reason in the book. So, we assumed it was her whore-ish nature that led to it. Maybe they're giving this a deeper storyline?
3681	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	I don't think Tyrion will propose that he marries Sansa. I do think that Shae will tell Tyrion about the planned Tyrell marriage, and that Tyrion will take that news to Tywin (probably without fully grasping what will happen as a result, although he might). Then Tywin turns around and asks him to marry Sansa.I very much doubt that Tywin would 'ask' Tyrion to marry Sansa, I think it is far more likely he will command it. Tywin is now hand of the king and is overlooking a kingdom that Joffrey is not doing a good job at running and he is trying to watch the Tyrell's. Tywin made it very clear in the first episode that they would give Tyrion a place and a wife in time. Sansa will be that wife one way or another the only dispute is how it happens. I think Tywin will be the one to make the arrangement for the marriage of Tyrion and Sansa, if you ask me he's already considered that possibility, it needs to be made clear Tywin is in power.
3682	Iotun	2013-04-08	Its obvious to me that the show is building up a breakdown of Tyrion and Shae's relationship because of his marriage to Sansa. I actually thought that the scene was brilliant and shows some long term thinking on behalf of the showrunners, and am surprised that some people seem to have found it pointless. It builds up Tyrion explaining to Shae that Sansa is a perfect match for any lord, coming from an old family and having a pretty face, seeming unconcerned about her fate, and Shae being disgusted with his attitude. I think the show will also slightly move away from the direction of the book in how they handle the consummation of the marriage. Tyrion will not do anything, but I think Tywin (or maybe Tyrion himself) will let it be known that they have, which will disgust Shae.
I definitely think the proposal for the marriage will come from Tywin and will not be some kind of 'scheme' that Shae and Tyrion come up with. Why would Shae think to 'protect' Sansa by marrying her to her own lover, knowing full well that marriage means consummation with her husband, and her obvious disgust at Tyrion seeing Sansa as attractive?
I actually like this change quite a bit better than the books. Much more dramatic. And it actually makes Tyrion a much greyer character. The show makes him seem slightly unconcerned about Sansa's fate, even though he's been semi-protective of her up to know, and has shown him a) to be have ambition to become a great lord in himself given he wants Casterly Rock, and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> to consider Sansa a great match for any lord. I think the marriage will have an element of selfishness on behalf of Tyrion. I think Shae will betray him because of it, and he will kill her at the end as he did in the books. And it also makes Tyrion's fall much more heart-felt because he kills a woman whom he actually loved, and who actually loved him at one point, rather than a young girl who never truly pretended to be anything other than a whore.
This was definitely one of my FAVORITE scenes in the episode.
3683	Greywolf2375	2013-04-08	Eh, I dunno about that. In 3x02, the episode paired Shae's warning to Sansa about men only wanting one thing from a pretty girl with Tyrion commenting on Sansa being a great beauty, linking Shae's comment about the nefarious intentions of men towards pretty girls with Tyrion's noticing Sansa's beauty. (And Shae expressed outrage towards Tyrion referring to Sansa as a great beauty, calling him a pervert and Sansa a child.)Which was also quite quickly pushed aside as playful banter between the two of them.  Shae knows quite well that Sansa is not a child and that she is a beautiful young woman - she is making it difficult on Tyrion because she knows she can.The other thing I noticed in 3x02 (and in the premiere) was the shots of the Lannister soldiers accompanying Sansa everywhere she goes (lurking outside her door, trailing behind her as she walked with Loras, watching her at the docks): it's a subtle reminder of her status as a prisoner in KL and the oppressive presence of the Lannisters in Sansa's life.I mean, it could go any number of ways, but it seems like TV Sansa and TV Tyrion are tracking fairly close to their book selves right now: Sansa is starry-eyed about the Tyrells, and Tyrion views Sansa as beautiful but really isn't losing any sleep worrying about her plight. Sounds about right.The difference is that Tyrion is far more likeable as a screen character than what we know has happened in the books.  When we see her - if they go this way - fail to kneel next to Tyrion to accept the cloak, that will look worse on her than on him because of how well received he is by the audience.
3684	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-08	The show will completely ruin Sansa`s arc. There`s no doubt in that. Not long ago I said that TV Tyrion is much lovable than book Tyrion, and because of that, TV fans will hate Sansa for her behaviour in that marriage.Never forget that at the moment of his wedding Tyrion has nothing. And with the wedding he could gain a lot. He isn`t some Prince Charming trying to save her from some unthinkable horrors.And if producers pull that on Tyrion and Sansa, I`ll be really disappointed with their shortsightness when Sansa`s character is concernedI'll be more than disappointed, I'll be furious. They've already sabotaged Sansa's character enough as it is! They turned her into some sort of huge brat in season one.
3685	Mladen	2013-04-08	I'll be more than disappointed, I'll be furious. They've already sabotaged Sansa's character enough as it is! They turned her into some sort of huge brat in season one.Entire last season, after her acting on the finale of S01, I was waiting for her shining moment. And she was just frightened little girl. And I thought `God they are ruining her` but then happened `Blackwater` episode and I was thrilled to see her comeback. But GRRM has written that episode so credits go to him. But, this season, I have to say I like her storyarc. First her remark on truth being horrible or boring, and now her conversation with Queen of Thorns. It was outstanding. So I wouldn`t like her storyarc to be cheapened by some attempt to make Tyrion some Prince Charming of Westeros.
3686	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	I'll be more than disappointed, I'll be furious. They've already sabotaged Sansa's character enough as it is! They turned her into some sort of huge brat in season one. She was pretty much a huge brat in the first book as well, we just saw through her POV what she thought.
3687	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	Let's be honest, this is how it's probably going to play out: Tyrion and Sansa will get married, one way or another. Maybe it's his idea, maybe it's Tywin's, maybe it's Cersei's. Maybe it's Marg's.
Regardless, TV!Shae has now been established as a green-eyed monster. Seeing her little lion marry Sansa is going to drive her to her inevitable betrayal. Not for gold or prospects, but for vengeance. 
Yeah, it's out-of-character for "I don't care who you fuck, I can do it better" Book!Shae, but this character isn't her.
3688	David Selig	2013-04-08	The show will completely ruin Sansa`s arc. There`s no doubt in that. Not long ago I said that TV Tyrion is much lovable than book Tyrion, and because of that, TV fans will hate Sansa for her behaviour in that marriage. I bet Sansa would actually start to love Tyrion at least a bit and would be very reluctant to leave him, if not downright forced to do it. They've whitewashed Tyrion so much it would only be natural to go in this direction.
3689	Mladen	2013-04-08	I bet Sansa would actually start to love Tyrion at least a bit and would be very reluctant to leave him, if not downright forced to do it. They've whitewashed Tyrion so much it would only be natural to go in this direction.Please no. I want her storyarc going as it did in the books. I want her not to bend her knees on her wedding, I want her not to have understanding or wanting to have it for Lannisters. I want cold, Wall-like Sansa. I don`t need chick-flick storyarc where she is going to fall for man who did everything to protect her despite his looks. It`s tideous.
3690	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	Actually, TV Tyrion in this episode seemed fairly unconcerned about what was going to happen to Sansa. Shae was the one pushing to protect Sansa, and in response to her concerns, Tyrion more or less said nothing could be done as to Littlefinger's interest in Sansa, as (he implied) Littlefinger would be one of many suitors would be hounding Sansa because of her beauty/name. Tyrion seemed a lot like his book self, actually, commenting on Sansa's beauty in the abstract but not really thinking much about her one way or another, even when Shae flagged what she believed to be a potential threat. So I don't really see this version of Tyrion going out of his way to propose marriage as a way of protecting Sansa; his thought in this episode seemed to be that the only threat she faced was that of sorting through all the suitors vying for her hand. He almost made it sound as if Sansa would be free to marry as she chose, now that the Lannisters had "discarded" her, but either TV Tyrion is much more naive than his book self, or maybe he was just offering some glib reassurance to Shae without thinking about it too much.This.
3691	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	The writers have played it very smartly indeed. With this one seed, they have planted the roots for 3 things, one of which was unexplained in the books:1) LF being sent away to the Vale.2) Tyrion marrying Sansa.3) Shae betraying Tyrion, which was never given a reason in the book. So, we assumed it was her whore-ish nature that led to it. Maybe they're giving this a deeper storyline?Yes - this was the purpose and significance of this episode's Tyrion/Shae scene, and particularly Shae's reaction to Tyrion's offhand remark reagarding Sansa's beauty. - Tyrion freaks out a bit over Shae visiting him at his chambers, due to Tywin's threat.  Seed planted in Shae's mind that Tyrion may be trying to push her away.- Shae learns that Tyrion has fucked Ros (for whom Shae has little but contempt), sowing a little seed of jealousy.- Tyrion posits that Sansa's beauty and name will bring her many suitors.  Shae reacts harshly as she still views Sansa as a child and is very protective of her.  Another seed planted.These facts set up the following:- Tywin commands Tyrion to marry Sansa.  Tyrion agrees out of a sense of duty to the family.- Tyrion is unable to successfully communicate this to Shae.  Shae assumes Tyrion has other motives based on the above "seeds."- Shae betrays Tyrion.What this enables is for Tyrion to maintain a believable love story with Shae until circumstances converge that not only destroy that relationship, but directly aid in his downfall.  I cannot foresee a scenario at this point where TV-Shae will forgive Tyrion for marrying Sansa.
3692	David Selig	2013-04-08	Please no. I want her storyarc going as it did in the books. I want her not to bend her knees on her wedding, I want her not to have understanding or wanting to have it for Lannisters. I want cold, Wall-like Sansa. I don`t need chick-flick storyarc where she is going to fall for man who did everything to protect her despite his looks. It`s tideous. I am with you, but I am expecting the mess I described already, since the writers are on a mission to present Tyrion as totally awesome all the time. I can just see now that Shae would betray Tyrion because he's so irresistable and she felt really in love with him, but was jealous of Sansa....
3693	Abaddon	2013-04-08	Shae betraying Tyrion, which was never given a reason in the book. So, we assumed it was her whore-ish nature that led to it. Maybe they're giving this a deeper storyline?I think there's some real doubt as to whether Shae "betrayed" Tyrion in the book.  She's a whore.  Honestly, what does she really owe Tyrion?  It's abundantly clear in several scenes in the book she's in it for the money, not through any genuine feelings for Tyrion.  Show Shae seems much more genuinely to care about Tyrion.  I agree that this is starting to show some cracks that will be absolutely critical to make events like those that occur in the book later on remotely plausible.[EDIT] Basically, everything lotun said up above.  100% agree.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 08 April 2013 - 11:19 AM.
3694	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-08	The whole idea of his father proposing the marriage was to enforce that Tywin was still in charge, and could force his son into whatever he chose to suit the realm. Tyrion's unwillingness in his marriage fuels his hatred for his father, which is pretty important given the way things turn out between the two of them. I'm really worried about this whole arc now that you've raised this...Tyrion's anger at his father was not in large part based on his marriage to Sansa, but his first marriage. I don't think having him marry her was part of controlling Tyrion but more of tying up Winterfell. He even says he will marry her to Lancel if Tyrion rejects it and is genuinely surprised when Tyrion shows doubts to the arrangement. Certainly Tyrion gets angry when Tywin later brings up the lack of consummation but it seems like he was initially open to things if Sansa would have accepted him.
3695	HopeForSpring	2013-04-08	I said this in another thread, but I think TV Show Shae is way more likable than Book Shae and I think they are setting it up that Tywin is going to kill Shae and have that be a fresher reason for Tyrion to kill Tywin since on the TV show we can't hear him replaying his failed first love over and over again in his heart. 
It is a big departure, but since Shae is all sweetness and light in the TV show I think Dad destroying HER as an echo of the past slight is going to be the giant motivator better understood by a TV audience that hasn't been inside Tyrion's head so much.
3696	Tenlaar	2013-04-08	I hope they don't end up having Tywin kill her.  With the sort of white-knighting they've done with Tyrion, not showing much of his dark and deadly side, having him kill the lover that betrayed him and father that never loved him will be a shocking eye-opener to the TV audience.
I also really, really, REALLY want to see Dinklage do that scene as it is in the books.  It would be fantastic.
3697	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-08	I think there's some real doubt as to whether Shae "betrayed" Tyrion in the book.  She's a whore.  Honestly, what does she really owe Tyrion?  Just because you're a prostitute doesn't make it okay to give false testimony against someone that results in a death sentence.  Had Shae not testified against Tyrion, strangling her would have been horrible.  As it is, da bitch got what was coming to her.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 April 2013 - 04:13 PM.
3698	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	Should the Sansa story arc diverge from what it was in the books too much I fear I will loose all interest in her in the TV series. I liked her chapters in the books a lot because of all the hits she had to take (Father's death, Joffrey's treatment, led to hope in the Tyrell's before being wed off to Tyrion who she did not want to marry and never loved). If they make it so she and Tyrion actually get along really well then I feel that the entire thing is going to crumble. I loved the fact that Tyrion did desire her but Sansa obviously did not desire him and yet we did not think Sansa in fault for it. I want them to be able to make Sansa the way she was written in the books because that version works very well.
 I think the seeds of jealousy are being planted from Shae that may give reason to the 'treachery' against Tyrion, although saying that she is a whore. (Oh and HBO Tywin seems too proud to be in bed with a whore).
 I'll tell you which character I am watching and always love to watch though. Littlefinger. Varys too. Because, although I've read the books, they still both seem so unpredictable and ahead of everyone else.
 Hopefully they won't ruin Sansa, I'm fine if somehow they change her and keep her interesting but please don't have her and Tyrion fall in love like in some fairy tale!
3699	willowbark	2013-04-08	I thought that the Tywin - Tyrion scene last week perfectly sets Tyrion up to marry Sansa.  Tywin will never let Tyrion Casterly Rock, which Tyrion wants and considers his birthright, with Jamie in the Kinsguard, and Cercei a woman.  So all we need is to see Tywin tell Tyrion that he cannot ever have Casterly Rock, but marry Sansa, and he can have Winterfell.  With this conversation happening before the RW, it also gives Tyrion the clue later on that Tywin had a hand in the RW.
3700	Tadco26	2013-04-08	I've never been a fan of TV Shae, or her "guardian angel" role for Sansa.  It seems likely that the scene was setting up Sansa's wedding to Tyrion as what will cause Shae to betray him.  It felt very forced, considering she seemed more mad at Tyrion saying Sansa was beautiful than she was that Tyrion slept with Ros twice.
3701	greensleeves	2013-04-08	Since Dontos has been cut out, I think it's somewhat likely that Shae will be the one to leak Sansa's Tyrell offer.  If Shae tells this to Tyrion (who then spills the beans to Tywin), it would make the wedding even more painful for Shae.  Shae would have been used as an unwitting spy against someone she feels very protective towards; the guilt and anger she feels because of that could add to her motivation for betraying Tyrion.
3702	go joff go	2013-04-08	Its obvious to me that the show is building up a breakdown of Tyrion and Shae's relationship because of his marriage to Sansa. I actually thought that the scene was brilliant and shows some long term thinking on behalf of the showrunners, and am surprised that some people seem to have found it pointless. It builds up Tyrion explaining to Shae that Sansa is a perfect match for any lord, coming from an old family and having a pretty face, seeming unconcerned about her fate, and Shae being disgusted with his attitude. I think the show will also slightly move away from the direction of the book in how they handle the consummation of the marriage. Tyrion will not do anything, but I think Tywin (or maybe Tyrion himself) will let it be known that they have, which will disgust Shae.I definitely think the proposal for the marriage will come from Tywin and will not be some kind of 'scheme' that Shae and Tyrion come up with. Why would Shae think to 'protect' Sansa by marrying her to her own lover, knowing full well that marriage means consummation with her husband, and her obvious disgust at Tyrion seeing Sansa as attractive?I actually like this change quite a bit better than the books. Much more dramatic. And it actually makes Tyrion a much greyer character. The show makes him seem slightly unconcerned about Sansa's fate, even though he's been semi-protective of her up to know, and has shown him a) to be have ambition to become a great lord in himself given he wants Casterly Rock, and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> to consider Sansa a great match for any lord. I think the marriage will have an element of selfishness on behalf of Tyrion. I think Shae will betray him because of it, and he will kill her at the end as he did in the books. And it also makes Tyrion's fall much more heart-felt because he kills a woman whom he actually loved, and who actually loved him at one point, rather than a young girl who never truly pretended to be anything other than a whore.This was definitely one of my FAVORITE scenes in the episode.I think we have a winner, and I hope its true, as its actually a pretty intricate plot where almost everyone is in the right and wrong-Tywin, Tyrion, Shae, Sansa will all have set themselves up without really realizing it.  To me its a very clever way to tie up all these threads
3703	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	Instead of Tyrion proposing the marriage.  Maybe Shae, who is cool with Varys, tells him about maybe marrying them, because she wants her protected.  In a council meeting Varys tells it to Tywin and bam.  Shae then can get jealous or something and lead to you know what.  I literally just thought f this so it is not fully though out lol.
3704	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	I've never been a fan of TV Shae, or her "guardian angel" role for Sansa.  It seems likely that the scene was setting up Sansa's wedding to Tyrion as what will cause Shae to betray him.  It felt very forced, considering she seemed more mad at Tyrion saying Sansa was beautiful than she was that Tyrion slept with Ros twice.There are three important scenes to remember here.1. Ros tells Shae, Sansa is an important, her father owned a castle. Shae doesn't quite know what this means for Sansa.2. Shae tells Sansa that men are only interested in one thing from women. In Shae's case this is true. In Sansa's case it is not.3. Tyrion tries to explain to Shae that any lord will want to marry her for her name, her claim and her beauty. Her looks are icing on the cake, it's her claim people want, they could care much less what she looks like.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 08 April 2013 - 09:47 PM.
3705	wolverine	2013-04-08	The show will completely ruin Sansa`s arc. There`s no doubt in that. Not long ago I said that TV Tyrion is much lovable than book Tyrion, and because of that, TV fans will hate Sansa for her behaviour in that marriage.Never forget that at the moment of his wedding Tyrion has nothing. And with the wedding he could gain a lot. He isn`t some Prince Charming trying to save her from some unthinkable horrors.And if producers pull that on Tyrion and Sansa, I`ll be really disappointed with their shortsightness when Sansa`s character is concernedThat is a good point I had not considered.  With how much more likable show Tyrion has been Sansa could really come off as a bitch to fans of the show.Eh, I dunno about that. In 3x02, the episode paired Shae's warning to Sansa about men only wanting one thing from a pretty girl with Tyrion commenting on Sansa being a great beauty, linking Shae's comment about the nefarious intentions of men towards pretty girls with Tyrion's noticing Sansa's beauty. (And Shae expressed outrage towards Tyrion referring to Sansa as a great beauty, calling him a pervert and Sansa a child.)I mean, it could go any number of ways, but it seems like TV Sansa and TV Tyrion are tracking fairly close to their book selves right now: Sansa is starry-eyed about the Tyrells, and Tyrion views Sansa as beautiful but really isn't losing any sleep worrying about her plight. Sounds about right.Not sure what that has to do with how likable Tyrion is to fans of the show.I still think they are going to change how cold blooded Tyrion's killing of Shae is from the books, maybe he won't kill her at all.
3706	Newstar	2013-04-08	Not sure what that has to do with how likable Tyrion is to fans of the show.Because Shae's lines in 3x02 underscore how gross and predatory an older man like Tyrion's interest in Sansa would be given her age, which would go some way towards undermining Tyrion's likability and any attempts down the line to cast him as the helpless victim in the marriage. A lot will also depend on the circumstances under which Tyrion agrees to the marriage: unless Tywin straight-up coerces him, his agreement to the marriage also casts him in the role of an older man preying on a young woman whom he has already identified as a "great beauty." That could have a big impact on TV Tyrion's likability (as could TV Tyrion entering into a marriage despite already being committed to and making protestations of love to Shae). So I think it's relevant, yes.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 10:18 PM.
3707	wolverine	2013-04-08	I don't think people thought that way as much then.  But I guess it could make a difference to fans.
Great beauty is hardly disgusting terminology IMO.  I just don't know how much they are willing to mess with how likable he is though.
3708	Newstar	2013-04-08	I just don't know how much they are willing to mess with how likable [Tyrion] is though.Well, if they're ever going to catch him up to Book Tyrion, who's at best a nasty piece of work, or ADWD Tyrion, who's a horrible human being, they're going to have to start soon. The writers can get away with a fairly whitewashed Tyrion for adapting AGOT and ACOK, but past the PW and into the trial, unless they start catching up his character to his book self, who's capable of murdering his father and his former lover, they're going to have to start pretty soon.Great beauty is hardly disgusting terminology IMO.That's true, but Shae, identified in this episode as very protective of Sansa when it comes to predatory older men, was all over it, calling Tyrion a pervert and referring to Sansa as a child. It's doubtful that she was that genuinely incensed and she was probably just giving him grief, since Tyrion and Shae made up right afterwards (something I doubt she would do if she really believed he had some interest in Sansa), but it plants a seed of doubt for the TV viewer, as it's left ambiguous. Was Tyrion just innocently commenting in the abstract about her looks, which is likely, or is there some latent attraction there he accidentally betrayed and had to backtrack to downplay? And that seed of doubt will be important down the line when the Tyrion/Sansa marriage comes into play. Is he agreeing because he's being forced by Tywin, or is he agreeing because he wants Sansa?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 08 April 2013 - 10:34 PM.
3709	Juliads	2013-04-09	How many viewers interpreted the shae&Tyrion scene as Shae simply being jealous, or Shae actually feeling protective of Sansa?
I'm leaning towards Shae feeling protective, but her delivery is always so quick and playful, teasing almost. Because of this it can be difficult to get a sense of her primary motivations.  It's a grossly overused cliche to have Shae take the jealousy route.  One that most people may automatically assume just because it's so commonplace in other forms of entertainment. 
I am still holding onto some glimmer of hope that S3 will be true to Tyrion's character growth.  It will be enraging if his marriage to Sansa is portrayed as anything other than the land-grabbing power play it was.  If the writers attempt to make him appear to be the innocent victim, or some gallant noble white knight during all of this i will seriously be pissed.  He has been far too much of a good guy in the show so far, this could be a prime moment to begin his downward spiral.
3710	Woman of War	2013-04-09	I think that Shae was indeed protective of Sansa but at the same time I got the impression that she knows more than she tells Tyrion, that she already has some information concerning LF and Sansa that Tyrion has not. Therefore her point is more urgent than she can make Tyrion understand, so indeed he underestimates Shae's concern here.
But while Shae is protective of Sansa she is as well very much aware of her personal claim on Tyrion. No, I do not interpret her jealousy on Ros as wounded soul, I interpret it as erotic banter. Shae knows very well that it is her who is in power over Tyrion in their relationship, she wants to make it crystal clear that she is the better fuck compared to Ros. And the scene very well presents Tyrion's clumsiness whe it comes to personal relationships: he loses his usual eloquence, makes feeble excuses and does not understand at all Shae's flirtatious manipulations, a legitimate game between lovers that shows that Tyrion is not only the weaker one here but outright dumb, contrasting this with his normal shrewdness.
And Tyrion seeing Sansa as great beauty, um, well, she is and even Varys, Loras or some random chambermaid could have made that remark, the character Sansa is meant to be beautiful, for all to see. I do not think that this suggests a deeper erotic interest so far and a little admiring is no sin, in the books Pod is smitten by Sansa as well.
I think it is only Shae's remark about the child Sansa, who physically so obviously is not a child, that makes Tyrion aware of the less abstract aspects of Sansa's beauty. And Shae may be jealous of Sansa's untouched beauty while feeling protective, this is not exclusive. But on the other hand she may be legitimately furious if men prefer virginal innocence and erotic cluelessness to the skills of a qualified prostitute or an experienced woman. I interpreted the remark about the child Sansa as not only protective but as well as Shae staking her claims: a child can never be as good in bed as I can, I'll show you (with that blowjob).
And Tyrion's relationship or marriage of Sansa is so much more than land grabbing: it is the desperate hopeless attempt to repeat the Tysha story, to find what can never be found again, another Tysha, completely delusional. How they will link Tyrion's non-rape of Sansa to the Tysha story I don't know since we never got the whole story in the beginning.
The way the series is going I do not see much whitewashing of Tyrion here so far, the impact may only come later than in the books, well, IF it is him who kills Shae, since Shae has feelings for him and for Sansa. So she may have a good reason to hate him in the end. 
I like the character Shae even in the books, she is a selfmadewoman. But claiming that a prostitute is entitled to perjury since she  has no link to her clients is discrimating sex workers as somewhat lesser beings for whom the normal rules of society are not applicable since they are immoral per se.
3711	Pellaeon	2013-04-09	I am starting to believe Shae will somehow push Sansa to go with LF maybe even hand her the hairnet, after all she always dresses Sansa.
Shae could be trying to get him back after he starts to be more involve with Sansa. I think the book plot about their marriage can be thrown away by now. IMO it already started with Backwater and their conversation she told him, not saying or mumble it in a close up, se will pray for him. This is clearly not the book plot.
So the show storyline, with an unlikeable LF, give Tyrion a ledgit (for the show) reason to kill her. We would have a similar outcome at least in positioning of characters, and a possible set up for their reunion.
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 09 April 2013 - 09:10 AM.
3712	dttljs123	2013-04-09	Tyrion doesn't expect to marry Sansa stark, he only cares to protect Shae and keep her hidden from LORD TYWIN LANNISTER... WOOOO
3713	NedStark2013	2013-04-09	I can see Shae being Jealous and Ros actually being the one who wants to help Sansa get away. I don't buy Shae caring about Sansa. I think she is a Tywin stooge all along and he wants her to keep an eye on Sansa as a Stark and her trying to get Tyrion to help Sansa is likely part of Tywins plan.
3714	cybobbie	2013-04-09	She was pretty much a huge brat in the first book as well, we just saw through her POV what she thought.Oh yes she was. I recall hating her at first and it took a while for her to grown on me. However I still think that Sansa became much more likable in the books than in the series, at least that's what I get from non book readers that I know and comment on the show with me.I bet Sansa would actually start to love Tyrion at least a bit and would be very reluctant to leave him, if not downright forced to do it. They've whitewashed Tyrion so much it would only be natural to go in this direction.I hope not. I mean it would be very frustrating to see this huge change.I think that since we won't probably have a Tyrell suggestion of marriage in the show for her (Willas), I think that Tywin will come with the marriage idea to get his hands on Winterfell. I also hope that this idea don't come up from Shae and Tyrion.
3715	victim	2013-04-09	I think the showrunners will do the classic bait-and-switch on Sansa. She'll think she's marrying Loras Tyrell and her negative reaction to marrying Tyrion won't seem over-the-top at all, no matter how much TV audiences like Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 09 April 2013 - 10:31 AM.
3716	Grail King	2013-04-09	I am starting to believe Shae will somehow push Sansa to go with LF maybe even hand her the hairnet, after all she always dresses Sansa.Shae could be trying to get him back after he starts to be more involve with Sansa. I think the book plot about their marriage can be thrown away by now. IMO it already started with Backwater and their conversation she told him, not saying or mumble it in a close up, se will pray for him. This is clearly not the book plot.So the show storyline, with an unlikeable LF, give Tyrion a ledgit (for the show) reason to kill her. We would have a similar outcome at least in positioning of characters, and a possible set up for their reunion.I actually thought Shae would turn on them earlier, in the rape scene, where Sansa said to Shae that she hated the king more then anyone, I still think this may come back and bite Sansa.And when she said she pray for Tyrion she stated,  as she prays for the King, in essence all Lanisters must die so it's follows the plot of Sansa hating Lannisters.
3717	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	I don't see how TV Sansa will not be disgusted by Tyrion for being both a Lannister and a demon monkey /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3718	cybobbie	2013-04-09	I think the showrunners will do the classic bait-and-switch on Sansa. She'll think she's marrying Loras Tyrell and her negative reaction to marrying Tyrion won't seem over-the-top at all, no matter how much TV audiences like Tyrion.That's a good solution IMO /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3719	Pellaeon	2013-04-09	I actually thought Shae would turn on them earlier, in the rape scene, where Sansa said to Shae that she hated the king more then anyone, I still think this may come back and bite Sansa.And when she said she pray for Tyrion she stated,  as she prays for the King, in essence all Lanisters must die so it's follows the plot of Sansa hating Lannisters.But she prayed for him, in the books, the books martin wrote, like the episode, this is a difference to hate Lannisters
3720	Ser Milo of House Mog	2013-04-09	I think the jealously of Shae was done to add weight to Shae's future betrayal of Tyrion.  In the books Shae gets mad at Tyrion about the marriage and then betrays him in the trial.  I think this is just to give further support for her betrayal of Tyrion.
3721	Pellaeon	2013-04-09	I think the jealously of Shae was done to add weight to Shae's future betrayal of Tyrion.  In the books Shae gets mad at Tyrion about the marriage and then betrays him in the trial.  I think this is just to give further support for her betrayal of Tyrion.In the books she doesn't care at all, see her offering to do it next to Sansa while she sleeps or saying that after he inpregnate Sansa he would just come back to her. She betrays him because of the money she gets. Book Shae is just a common whore with enough brain to sell hersef always to the highest bidder in the long term. TV Shae seams to have feelings towards Tyrion and not only sees him as a never ending flood of money until Cersei offers her more
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 09 April 2013 - 02:24 PM.
3722	Crow Breath	2013-04-10	Will Tyrion ever tell Shae the end of the Tysha story?
Could this figure into her future feelings about him and eventual betrayal?
3723	aedalia	2013-04-10	Do we still think the Martell marriage will play out like it does in the books? With Marg and her granny making plans to take her away to Highgarden only for Tywin to get wind of it and marry her off to Tyrion? Or do you think they will do away with that all together? I can't decide.
3724	Freebird6699	2013-04-10	At this point, we don't know that Tyrion is going to marry Sansa.  I think this was just a set up for Shae to betray Tyrion down the line.  Tywin is going to demand the marriage and I can't wait for the scene where he tells Cersi that she must also wed again and have children.  If they cut this, I will be extremely disapointed. 
Dare they show Tyrion choking Shae?  Dare they show the trial with all the hateful things she says?  I thought they did a good job with setting the stage here, for all the reasons so many people have already stated and am really looking forward to what will happen next.
3725	Hoo	2013-04-10	I can see Shae being Jealous and Ros actually being the one who wants to help Sansa get away. I don't buy Shae caring about Sansa. I think she is a Tywin stooge all along and he wants her to keep an eye on Sansa as a Stark and her trying to get Tyrion to help Sansa is likely part of Tywins plan.This is what I know so far.Lannisters want to keep Sansa.   Tyrion does what's in the best interest of the Lannisters.  Varys works for the Lannisters and Tyrion.  Ros is (presumably) Varys's new partner.  The odd man out is Lord Balish.  He is planning something outside of the structure. (Ros tells Shae to watch out for Sansa with this man--Lord Balish.)Shae's has a good relationship with Sansa and has done things in her best interest.  They've bonded.But now, with a little hint of jealousy, things maybe changing.  We don't know.
3726	SwordOfDoom	2013-04-10	Heres what I think will happen in the Tyrion and Sansa arcs.
1. Tyrion makes smart-ass remark to Grandmother Tyrell.
2. Tyrion marries Sansa.
3. Tyrion speaks fondly of Sansa to Shae.
4. Shae gets jealous.
5. Shae starts banging Tywin.
6. Sansa unknowingly poisons Joffrey.
7. Ros helps Sansa not Dontos.
8. Ros get killed or left for dead.
9. Tyrion kills Tywin and Shae with Joffrey crossbow.
10. Sansa goes to the Vale with Baelish.
11. Tyrion goes across Narrow Sea.
3727	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	This is what I know so far.Lannisters want to keep Sansa.   Tyrion does what's in the best interest of the Lannisters.  Varys works for the Lannisters and Tyrion.  Ros is (presumably) Varys's new partner.  The odd man out is Lord Balish.  He is planning something outside of the structure. (Ros tells Shae to watch out for Sansa with this man--Lord Balish.)Shae's has a good relationship with Sansa and has done things in her best interest.  They've bonded.But now, with a little hint of jealousy, things maybe changing.  We don't know.Varys does not work for the Lannister's you must always keep that in mind.
3728	Newstar	2013-04-10	Varys does not work for the Lannister's you must always keep that in mind.Exactly. Varys lets the Lannisters think that because it serves his purposes.Tywin is going to demand the marriage and I can't wait for the scene where he tells Cersi that she must also wed again and have children.  If they cut this, I will be extremely disapointed.Have no fear. The Season 3 making-of production videos featured shots of at least two separate scenes with Tyrion, Tywin and Cersei seated around a table, so one of them will probably be that scene.
3729	Hoo	2013-04-10	Varys does not work for the Lannister's you must always keep that in mind.No I do no have to keep that in mind.  Right now he is working for the Lannisters, and has no other alliances.Maybe you think he is working for someone else, but that is not consistent with the show.And what purposes does varys have?  He has no pretentions on anythin, other then to save his skin, no pun intended, and be a King's counsel.  He's always done what's in the best interest of the throne or himself (when he has to make the decision between following one of the ruling parties--i.e. Cersei vs Tyrion.)
3730	SerMixalot	2013-04-10	Then mayhaps you forgot his meeting with Illyrio.  Varys is never ever what he seems
3731	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-11	No I do no have to keep that in mind.  Right now he is working for the Lannisters, and has no other alliances.Maybe you think he is working for someone else, but that is not consistent with the show.And what purposes does varys have?  He has no pretentions on anythin, other then to save his skin, no pun intended, and be a King's counsel.  He's always done what's in the best interest of the throne or himself (when he has to make the decision between following one of the ruling parties--i.e. Cersei vs Tyrion.)He is no one's man but his own. He is working for the Realm. Joffrey is not the best option for the Realm, so he is not working for the Lannisters.
3732	greensleeves	2013-04-08	The first episode of the season clearly passes.  This episode seems to as well, but it seems less clear cut.  We have:
- Catelyn and Talisa talking about Talisa being afraid of the horse and that only mothers can make a prayer wheel, but the conversation then goes to the men (and boys) in their lives.
- Sansa, Margaery, and Olenna have a few lines where they introduce each other and talk about lemon cakes, but most of the conversation is about men
- Osha and Meera exchange threats
Do these parts of conversations count?  I want to say yes.
3733	insertname	2013-04-09	Well, I'm not so sure, but then again you can't really fault the show for that since it's set in a world, where, unfortunately, it's simply mostly men that matter.
3734	dttljs123	2013-04-09	What is the Bechdel Test and why does it matter. The only scene here of large importance is Sansa w/ the queen of thornes and Margaery.
3735	protar	2013-04-09	The bechdel test is supposed to determine if a work of fiction portrays women well or not. Basically a piece of fiction must have a scene in which two women have an entire conversation without mentioning men.
Of course it's a ridiculous measure of the presence, or lack of sexism in a work. Two women in one series could pass the bechdel test by talking about how wonderful cleaning, cooking and shopping is. Another pair of women in another series could fail because their business discussion just happened to mention Pete from work.
3736	insertname	2013-04-09	It's sort of a guideline test to judge sexual bias in a movie/series. The rule is, you've got to have at least two scenes of women talking about something else than men.
3737	David Selig	2013-04-09	Not surprising, the show is quite sexist frankly, and not just because the setting requires it. Much more than the books. They turned Catelyn into someone who can't wait to get back at home and leave the war and big decision to the men, and now everything is her fault because she dared not to love Jon Snow the Chosen Hero.
All those scenes with naked whores, LF the master pimp nonsense, don't help at all on that account.
3738	SeventySeven	2013-04-09	Compared to many other shows on TV, GoT is not very sexist at all. Yes, it exploits female nudity, but all the relevant female characters are portrayed as 3D human beings. Even Ros.
3739	Mladen	2013-04-09	The second one passes two. With honors if I may say
1. Catelyn/Talisa conversation - although for us, book fans, this conversation was controversial at least, it showed Catelyn as devoted mother and someone who is honestly regretful about what she`s done.
2. QOT/ Sansa/ Margaery - two smart women and a corageous one. This was a good day for women in GOT. QOT and Margaery showed us a great deal of intelligence and political cleverness, and Sansa showed that `little bird ` can be brave, despite its fear.
3. Meera/Osha - was it about women or protectors? For me, Meera cleared that out. Some people need protection and they deserve help. This was a good feminine look at the subject.
3740	protar	2013-04-09	The second one passes two. With honors if I may say1. Catelyn/Talisa conversation - although for us, book fans, this conversation was controversial at least, it showed Catelyn as devoted mother and someone who is honestly regretful about what she`s done.2. QOT/ Sansa/ Margaery - two smart women and a corageous one. This was a good day for women in GOT. QOT and Margaery showed us a great deal of intelligence and political cleverness, and Sansa showed that `little bird ` can be brave, despite its fear.3. Meera/Osha - was it about women or protectors? For me, Meera cleared that out. Some people need protection and they deserve help. This was a good feminine look at the subject.None of those passed the bechdel test as all mentioned men extensively. Which is an excellent demonstration of why this test isn't needed because Meera and Olenna at least were both amazing scenes that did well introducing very strong female characters. The Cat/Talisa scene was bad because of the disservice it did to Cat's character and it was hardly oozing feminine power, but it was still a well acted and well written seen when looked at objectively.
3741	King of Winters	2013-04-09	The second one passes two. With honors if I may say1. Catelyn/Talisa conversation - although for us, book fans, this conversation was controversial at least, it showed Catelyn as devoted mother and someone who is honestly regretful about what she`s done.I actually liked that they showed Cat had regret for those times she'd hated Jon.
3742	David Selig	2013-04-09	The second one passes two. With honors if I may say1. Catelyn/Talisa conversation - although for us, book fans, this conversation was controversial at least, it showed Catelyn as devoted mother and someone who is honestly regretful about what she`s done.2. QOT/ Sansa/ Margaery - two smart women and a corageous one. This was a good day for women in GOT. QOT and Margaery showed us a great deal of intelligence and political cleverness, and Sansa showed that `little bird ` can be brave, despite its fear.. None of those qualify. Both conversations were exclusively about men.Compared to many other shows on TV, GoT is not very sexist at all. True, but mostly because most TV is terribly sexist, not because GoT is much good in this respect.
3743	jons nissa	2013-04-09	It's sort of a guideline test to judge sexual bias in a movie/series. The rule is, you've got to have at least two scenes of women talking about something else than men.this is the saddest thing i've heard about in relation to gender in a while.
3744	David Selig	2013-04-09	this is the saddest thing i've heard about in relation to gender in a while. The actual sad thing is that the vast majority of Hollywood movies don't pass this test. And it's actually only one scene necessary yet it's still usually not present.
3745	Mladen	2013-04-09	None of those qualify. Both conversations were exclusively about men.As I see them those conversations were concentrated on women. Catelyn was disussing her own regret and QOT and Margaery wanted to know so Margaery would be safe. Although men is mentioned, the central topic is about women.And, I agree that the test is so pointless...
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 09 April 2013 - 08:41 AM.
3746	protar	2013-04-09	As I see them those conversations were concentrated on women. Catelyn was disussing her own regret and QOT and MArgaerys wanted to know so Margaery would be safe. Although men is mentioned, the central topic is about women.And, I agree that the test is so pointless...Yes but the criteria is that men aren't mentioned full stop.
3747	Mladen	2013-04-09	Yes but the criteria is that men aren't mentioned full stop.Oh, I get that. But, quick question. If mother talks about her children and one of them happens to be male, does that mean it failed on the Bechdel test? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3748	Kienn	2013-04-09	Most films/TV also fail a male Bechdel test.
Most films/TV are also just terrible.
Passing either test doesn't improve cruddy films/TV.
3749	Sun	2013-04-09	This ep fails the Bechdel test. It's really quite simple, all the female convos revolved around a male character. The premier only passes for the Sansa/Shae convo about ships.
ETA:
I'm not sure the premier passes with flying colours either, that convo was rather insipid.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 April 2013 - 08:47 AM.
3750	Mladen	2013-04-09	Will anyone give me an actual example anything has passed the Bechdel test?
3751	protar	2013-04-09	Oh, I get that. But, quick question. If mother talks about her children and one of them happens to be male, does that mean it failed on the Bechdel test? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />So far as I'm aware yes. I believe that some people are more lenient and allow passing mention of men, but if the man is a major topic of conversation then it unquestionably fails the test. Because obviously a mother talking about her son is a sign of the oppressive patriarchy, rather than her love for her children /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3752	Mladen	2013-04-09	Because obviously a mother talking about her son is a sign of the oppressive patriarchy, rather than her love for her children /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> . I love this comment /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3753	David Selig	2013-04-09	Yes but the criteria is that men aren't mentioned full stop.Not necessary, opinions differ on this, I think just a mention is OK, as long as it's the central object of the conversation, they but in both cases here that was the case.Most films/TV also fail a male Bechdel test. You are way off.
3754	protar	2013-04-09	Here's a site dedicated to cataloging which films pass and which don't.http://bechdeltest.com/
3755	David Selig	2013-04-09	It's far from pointless. Of course it's not the type of test which decides on its own whether a movie is certainly sexist or not, but it's a useful tool to show how rare it is that women are given any other topics to discuss than men and how many movies don't even have 2 named women in them.
3756	Mladen	2013-04-09	It's far from pointless. Of course it's not the type of test which decides on its own whether a movie is certainly sexist or not, but it's a useful tool to show how rare it is that women are given any other topics to discuss than men and how many movies don't even have 2 named women in them.I am sorry, but I have just seen the list of movies that actually passed. And I disagree completely with remark that movies are too man-concentrated and sexist towards women. For me, Galadriel in LOTR/Hobbit is the proof that woman can have strength equal, or even higher than any man in her world. Also, there are so many beautifully written female characters that show their strength and power in men`s world. I am sorry, but when you think of all great actresses of this time, and their roles - Meryl Streep and Cate Blanchett, as honorable mentions, you`ll see that society isn`t that closeted as we think. And that comes from man who lived in very closeted society and now works in another.
3757	protar	2013-04-09	It's far from pointless. Of course it's not the type of test which decides on its own whether a movie is certainly sexist or not, but it's a useful tool to show how rare it is that women are given any other topics to discuss than men and how many movies don't even have 2 named women in them.Imo it's really little more than a curiosity. As I've said up thread conversations involving men can be empowering to women whilst conversations without men can be demeaning. Each conversation should be taken on an individual basis. Now often films which do portray women well also pass the bechdel test, but because it's such an imprecise measure it's pretty pointless in comparison to other indicators.And while there's still a lot of sexism in the film and TV industry keep in mind that the majority of film and TV history is skewed towards a time when sexism was very much alive and kicking and accepted. So compiling a list of films and saying which pass and which don't is even more meaningless as a measure of sexism in the current film industry unless you take that into account.And of course in period pieces like this, it's perfectly justified that men have a more dominant role in the plot because in such a society as Westeros it's more difficult for women to have an impact. So male characters are more likely to be talked about.
3758	Iotun	2013-04-09	As a man who has had no idea that this test even existed, I find it fascinating that a test on feminism is basically completely centred on a measurement of the male element. You would imagine that a scene or story would be judged within its own context, but apparently the measure of feminism can only be measured by the presence or not of a man. Essentially we are told that even the measurement of female worth is reliant on the element of the male to be meaningful, as if women cannot measure their own 'feminism' without a reference to the 'male' Its fascinating, you are judging a scene as feminist if it has an absence of a male element, and in so doing, are actually using the male in your own real life activity of measurement. Do women really value the worth of their interactions by whether or not men are being referenced in them?
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 09 April 2013 - 09:16 AM.
3759	victim	2013-04-09	As a man who has had no idea that this test even existed, I find it fascinating that a test on feminism is basically completely centred on a measurement of the male element. You would imagine that a scene or story would be judged within its own context, but apparently the measure of feminism can only be measured by the presence or not of a man. Do women really value the worth of their interactions by whether or not men are being referenced in them?Took the words out of my mouth. Let's look at the three scenes from Episode 2 at face value as an example:1. Sansa talks about how a man has been torturing her.2. Meera talks about how she protects people, in this case two boys.3. Catelyn talks about loving her children.(4. Shae warns Sansa about Littlefinger)In all three instances, they are talking about men, yet in all three instances they are showing courage, strength and compassion, alongside flaws in the latters case. If the only thing that matters to this test is whether a man is mentioned, then it completely misses the point of feminism in the first place.Edit: Added a fourth, less relevant example.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 09 April 2013 - 09:19 AM.
3760	Warhawk137	2013-04-09	The problem with the test is that, ultimately, it fails to provide the essential context in regards to any particular work.
Plus some people implement it too strictly, as evidenced by some comments on this page:http://bechdeltest.c...ro_dark_thirty/
For Zero Dark Thirty, considering a conversation between two women about Osama bin Laden as failing the test (plus one person suggesting that a work where there is ANY conversation between two women about a man in a romantic context as automatically failing).
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 09 April 2013 - 09:29 AM.
3761	David Selig	2013-04-09	I am sorry, but I have just seen the list of movies that actually passed. And I disagree completely with remark that movies are too man-concentrated and sexist towards women. Then you'd be very wrong. The movie industry is openly sexist and it's well known they target almost all of their movies primarily towards men. And how many female directors get sufficient funding? Very few. There are barely any big budget movies with a central female character and/or two well developed female female characters with depth.
3762	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-09	It's not supposed to be a scientific measure of the quality of a movie, it's only used to show how lopsided the movie world is. You can compare it to the Big Mac Index for example, It serves as a quickly explained illustration to the "unitianate into the topic of gener inequality". I'm sure there exist better measurements, but do we really need this? If you see with a very rudimentary 5-meter scale that a house is askew, do you need a centimeter one? Lastly, the bars of the Bechdel test are set to low because the house is askew!
I'd say the second episode passes the test, but just. But it's a good explanation why the test is lacking. Was Catelyn's monologue to Talisa about Jon Snow? No, it just took the story of a baby (who could have been female just as well) and a mother to create characterization. Sansa's and the Tyrell's scene on the other hand revolved very much around men, but on the other hand, it was a direct discussion of gender inequality and "how dumb these men are". So while the scene doens't pass the Bechdel test, it does discuss the topics the Bechdel tests wants to adress. The Meera and Osha discussion is something inbetween. First, it's a rather short scene (two lines or so?), Secondly, it's about men, but those men are not grown ups, but kids. Lastly, it's an introductory scene. All in all, I'm not sure how to classify it...
3763	Mladen	2013-04-09	Then you'd be very wrong. The movie industry is openly sexist and it's well known they target almost all of their movies primarily towards men. And how many female directors get sufficient funding? Very few. There are barely any big budget movies with a central female character and/or two well developed female female characters with depth.Don`t forget what is key word in movie industry. It`s all about money. So fantasy genre, comic books adaptations are always going to have primate over any other genre. And that`s mainly about men. But, we have evolved. And there`s no doubt in that. The time has passed when only women were sexual objects on the screen. We have entire generations of so-called actors who are perceived as good-looking men. The pressure on women has also translated to men - all must look perfect. And for the first time, if we want to see some depth in acting and preformance, actresses are what we search for.As for developed female charcters, let`s just say we disagree. Cate Blanchett has done tons of movies portraying strong women, just like Meryl Streep, Judi Dench, Hellen Mirren, Maggie Smith and so on... Of course, their roles are not commonly known as Twilight/50 shades/commic book adaptations - type of roles. Because for every great female character, you`ll have some hot women ready to sleep with today`s hero. It`s not about sexism, it`s about superficiality and shallowness of industry.
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 09 April 2013 - 10:34 AM.
3764	protar	2013-04-09	Yes. And then followed by deep analysis of why this test falls on deaf ears, possibly with the answer being sexismSo you're saying anyone who doesn't agree with the test is sexist?I'm not trying to antagonise by the way, I honestly wasn't sure what your view was.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 09 April 2013 - 10:39 AM.
3765	imbenurnot	2013-04-09	I don't think most people actually view the Bechdel Test as an actual "test." It is a good way of opening the conversation about gender representation. It's because of this test that we are having the discussion that "well, Sansa's conversation with the Queen of Thorns doesn't pass the test, but it still presents very strong female characters taking a very significant part of the plot." Also, it can direct you to the thought "that technically passes/fails the Bechdel test, but here's why it's still negative/positive." I don't think anybody here is suggesting the show be completely condemned/praised because of failure/passing of the test.
And really, thinking about whether something passes/fails the test spread out over time is a great way to expose sexism in the entertainment industry.
3766	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	I don't think most people actually view the Bechdel Test as an actual "test." It is a good way of opening the conversation about gender representation. It's because of this test that we are having the discussion that "well, Sansa's conversation with the Queen of Thorns doesn't pass the test, but it still presents very strong female characters taking a very significant part of the plot." Also, it can direct you to the thought "that technically passes/fails the Bechdel test, but here's why it's still negative/positive." I don't think anybody here is suggesting the show be completely condemned/praised because of failure/passing of the test.And really, thinking about whether something passes/fails the test spread out over time is a great way to expose sexism in the entertainment industry.See, the problem is that two women talking about something other than men really isn't all that interesting.  I think you may need to take that into effect in your calculus.
3767	protar	2013-04-09	See, the problem is that two women talking about something other than men really isn't all that interesting.  I think you may need to take that into effect in your calculus.E-excuse me?
3768	UnCleos	2013-04-09	One of the the obvious things injected into this season so far is the increased feminist overtones.  Anyone whining about lack of gender equality on this show is grasping at straws.  George's books are quite pro-woman, but this show goes even further to push that agenda, so much that it is becoming heavy handed.  So much so that they have done great disservices to characters like Brienne, Shae, Cat, Jeyne ("Talisa" ugh), and others in trying to weed out negative traits (Brienne's innocence, Shae being largely an empty whore, Cat being cruel to Jon and generally more assertive, and of course Talisa as the back-talking nurse in the very first scene she interacts with a King (Robb) and a god damn high lord (Roose Bolton).  Call them simple deviations if you want, but there is a clear pattern and ironically it is making these characters less complex and realistic.
As for this blatantly flawed test, I suggest you go back to some Anita Sarkeesian videos where you can spout your pseudo-academic trash.
3769	imbenurnot	2013-04-09	See, the problem is that two women talking about something other than men really isn't all that interesting.  I think you may need to take that into effect in your calculus....what? That is exactly the type of sexism the Bechdel test helps detect! If we can be entertained by watching two men talk about non-women, then why on earth should it be any different than watching two women talk about the same topic?Again, nobody saying there is anything wrong with women talking about men. Men are parts of a plot, as are other women (hopefully). But if the only thing ever talked about is men, then that's not entirely representative of what women actually do.Also, there is a distinction being made and discussed here about a conversation being about a man, and a conversation including a man. For example, were Sansa, Margery, and Ollenna actually talking "about" a man, or were they talking about Margery's safety? There are no clean cut answers here (trust me, this isn't calculus. that's my entire point). It's a conversation which can be beneficial to have.
3770	protar	2013-04-09	Ok,, you're excused.Ah, no defense for your sexist remark so you fall back on snide comments? That old chestnut eh?Seriously, saying that men is the only interesting topic women can talk about is incredibly sexist and backwards regardless of whether or not you think that the bechdel test is useful or not.
3771	oakenhelm	2013-04-09	So you're saying anyone who doesn't agree with the test is sexist?I'm not trying to antagonise by the way, I honestly wasn't sure what your view was.No. I was trying to be funny lol. I should have added a smiley. While possibly not the intent, this "test" looks like data mining. Where is the context?For examples, I watch Homeland and Shameless, two shows with strong female leads. In Homeland, the main character might be talking to another female but about a terrorist that is a man. Or in Shameless the main character might be talking to another female about her degenerate father. Sexism because they weren't talking about something else? What about when two men are talking about a women, is that counted?I admit to being blind to these things. Sometimes you don't see something if you aren't actively looking for it
3772	greensleeves	2013-04-09	Holy crap!It took a while for this thread to post so I was on to other stuff while this discussion was going on.  I certainly never expected this!There are a lot of misunderstandings here:- The Bechdel Test is NOT and has NEVER purported to be a measure of a movie's feminism.- The Bechdel Test IS meant as a rough, easy measure of how 'woman-centered' a movie's plot is.  THIS IS ENTIRELY DIFFERENT FROM MEASURING THE 'FEMINISM' OF A MOVIE.- There are plenty of great movies that fail the bechdel test, and plenty of horrible ones that pass it.- However, the bechdel test DOES effectively demonstrate a problem with the overall presence of women in media: the vast majority of movies PASS the REVERSE bechdel test while an astounding number FAIL the bechdel test itself.(For example, I'd guess that around half of GoT episodes pass the Bechdel test and all of them pass the reverse Bechdel test.... sadly this is actually pretty good.)For more information:  http://bechdeltest.com/http://www.youtube.c...h?v=bLF6sAAMb4sI hope this clears up all the misunderstandings in this thread!
3773	greensleeves	2013-04-09	The bechdel test is supposed to determine if a work of fiction portrays women well or not. Basically a piece of fiction must have a scene in which two women have an entire conversation without mentioning men.Of course it's a ridiculous measure of the presence, or lack of sexism in a work. Two women in one series could pass the bechdel test by talking about how wonderful cleaning, cooking and shopping is. Another pair of women in another series could fail because their business discussion just happened to mention Pete from work.This is not what the test measures at all!  It was never meant to measure these things!And, I agree that the test is so pointless...truer words have never been posted.I am sorry, but I have just seen the list of movies that actually passed. And I disagree completely with remark that movies are too man-concentrated and sexist towards women. For me, Galadriel in LOTR/Hobbit is the proof that woman can have strength equal, or even higher than any man in her world. Also, there are so many beautifully written female characters that show their strength and power in men`s world. I am sorry, but when you think of all great actresses of this time, and their roles - Meryl Streep and Cate Blanchett, as honorable mentions, you`ll see that society isn`t that closeted as we think. And that comes from man who lived in very closeted society and now works in another.Oh yes, a lengthy debate between two women about breast enlargement, botox and high heels, THAT would pass /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> while a discussion of the theory of relativity might fail since Einstein might be mentioned.Unfortunately, protar misrepresented this test early on.  It's not meant as a measure of sexism or the strength of female characters.  It is simply a measure of the presence of women in the work and how women-centered the plot is.  Nothing more, nothing less.  I wish you guys would give it another chance.Most films/TV also fail a male Bechdel test.This is not true.I'm not sure the premier passes with flying colours either, that convo was rather insipid.Insipid convos count, and you also have the conversation between Ros and Shae about Sansa's birth.As a man who has had no idea that this test even existed, I find it fascinating that a test on feminism is basically completely centred on a measurement of the male element. You would imagine that a scene or story would be judged within its own context, but apparently the measure of feminism can only be measured by the presence or not of a man. Essentially we are told that even the measurement of female worth is reliant on the element of the male to be meaningful, as if women cannot measure their own 'feminism' without a reference to the 'male' Its fascinating, you are judging a scene as feminist if it has an absence of a male element, and in so doing, are actually using the male in your own real life activity of measurement. Do women really value the worth of their interactions by whether or not men are being referenced in them?Again, this is not a test of a movie's feminism!  The purpose of the Bechdel test was severely and unfortunately misrepresented early on in the conversation.One of the the obvious things injected into this season so far is the increased feminist overtones.  Anyone whining about lack of gender equality on this show is grasping at straws.  George's books are quite pro-woman, but this show goes even further to push that agenda, so much that it is becoming heavy handed.  So much so that they have done great disservices to characters like Brienne, Shae, Cat, Jeyne ("Talisa" ugh), and others in trying to weed out negative traits (Brienne's innocence, Shae being largely an empty whore, Cat being cruel to Jon and generally more assertive, and of course Talisa as the back-talking nurse in the very first scene she interacts with a King (Robb) and a god damn high lord (Roose Bolton).  Call them simple deviations if you want, but there is a clear pattern and ironically it is making these characters less complex and realistic.As for this blatantly flawed test, I suggest you go back to some Anita Sarkeesian videos where you can spout your pseudo-academic trash.This test is not meant to be a measure of feminism in a work!  I love GRRM and admire the strength and variety of his female characters and how they interact with a male-dominated world.For examples, I watch Homeland and Shameless, two shows with strong female leads. In Homeland, the main character might be talking to another female but about a terrorist that is a man. Or in Shameless the main character might be talking to another female about her degenerate father. Sexism because they weren't talking about something else? What about when two men are talking about a women, is that counted?I admit to being blind to these things. Sometimes you don't see something if you aren't actively looking for itThis test is not a measure of sexism or even the presence of good female characters.  Don't try to interpret it that way.  I haven't watched Shameless, but I love Homeland and completely agree about the strength of its female lead.Gee, this conversation got trolled.  Shocker.Cant believe the mods let this through.Why should the inevitable presence of trolls prevent discussion of gender in media?  I wish they had posted the thread earlier; then I might have been able to correct protar's complete misrepresentation of the test and actually steered this towards something meaningful.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 April 2013 - 12:08 PM.
3774	protar	2013-04-09	@greensleeves
Regardless of what that original intent was, yes nowadays the bechdel test is mostly used as a measure of sexism in a work. Which is what I find stupid. Even as a measure of a woman's presence in the plot it is shady. For instance we could be talking about a harem genre anime with half a dozen females and one male. Most of the plot could revolve around these women interacting but it could easily fail the test because the man is the centre-piece. Now as a measure of how woman-centric the series is, then it's slightly more reliable but hardly foolproof. So regardless of what people are using it for I see it as nothing more than a fun little curiosity.
3775	Kienn	2013-04-09	Most films/TV also fail a male Bechdel test.This is not true.Do you have a link that shows lists of movies that fail each of the 4 equivalents of the bechdel test?2 males talking about another male.2 males talking about another female.2 females talking about another male.2 females talking about another female.I doubt there's any decent film or TV show that passes all of those.In all fashions the bechdel test is absurd and useless.
					
					
							Edited by Kienn, 09 April 2013 - 12:24 PM.
3776	greensleeves	2013-04-09	@greensleevesRegardless of what that original intent was, yes nowadays the bechdel test is mostly used as a measure of sexism in a work. Which is what I find stupid.This is false.  If you watch the youtube link it explicitly explains this.  You might want to twist it into that, but you would be wrong to do so.  It's like giving someone a math test then saying that they are bad at history.Do you have a link that shows lists of movies that fail each of the 4 equivalents of the bechdel test?2 males talking about another male.2 males talking about another female.2 females talking about another male.2 females talking about another female.I doubt there's any decent film or TV show that passes all of those.In all fashions the bechdel test is absurd and useless.The Bechdel Test requirements are:1. There are two (named) women in a movie2.  They talk to each other3.   About something other than a man.Thus the reverse Bechdel Test requirements are:1.  There are two (named) men in a movie2.  They talk to each other3.  About something other than a woman.Sunday's episode passes the reverse test easily.  Off the top of my head, I can think of the conversations between the men of Night's watch and the conversation between Bran and Jojen.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 April 2013 - 12:30 PM.
3777	protar	2013-04-09	This is false.  If you watch the youtube link it explicitly explains this.  You might want to twist it into that, but you would be wrong to do so.  It's like giving someone a math test then saying that they are bad at history.I'm not the one twisting it though. I'm simply saying that a lot of people use it to measure sexism in a work, which is true (as should be self-evident by people using it as such in this very thread.). And really you're analogy makes no sense. The presence of women in a work of fiction is pretty closely related to the feminist value and/or sexism of that work, so it's perfectly understandable for people to use the test as a measure of that.Also you ignored my point that even as a simply measure of woman's presence in a work of fiction, it doesn't really work.EDIT: Also the video quite clearly links the test into the sexism of the film industry at the end so you chose rather poorly if you wanted a video to illustrate your point.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 09 April 2013 - 12:32 PM.
3778	shiola	2013-04-09	Find a scene in this show where no one mentions a man.  You can't.
3779	greensleeves	2013-04-09	I'm not the one twisting it though. I'm simply saying that a lot of people use it to measure sexism in a work, which is true (as should be self-evident by people using it as such in this very thread.). And really you're analogy makes no sense.You told people early on in the thread that it was used as a measure of a movie's sexism... thus leading to the widespread misunderstanding.  However, those who actually use and like the Bechdel test do not use it this way (to measure sexism in a movie).The presence of women in a work of fiction is pretty closely related to the feminist value and/or sexism of that work, so it's perfectly understandable for people to use the test as a measure of that.Not necessarily... as many examples in this thread demonstrate.Also you ignored my point that even as a simply measure of woman's presence in a work of fiction, it doesn't really work.I wasn't aware that you ever made that point.  If you did, I disagree with you.  Could you provide some evidence/ point out where you said that?EDIT: Also the video quite clearly links the test into the sexism of the film industry at the end so you chose rather poorly if you wanted a video to illustrate your point.Sexism in the industry because of the overall lessened meaningful presence of women in media.  This is very, very different from saying that the Bechdel test condemns individual movies for being sexist.
3780	Frumpus	2013-04-09	The actual sad thing is that the vast majority of Hollywood movies don't pass this test. And it's actually only one scene necessary yet it's still usually not present.That's due to the misogyny present in the industry. Aspiriing screenwriters are even told by professors to deliberately fail the bechdel test. The audience (both men and women) apparently want the focus to be on white male actors and the women are supposed to support the men. It's ridiculous and unfortunately seeing some of the responses here that are anti-bechdel test, you can see why these hollywood writers do what they do.
3781	Kienn	2013-04-09	This is false.  If you watch the youtube link it explicitly explains this.  You might want to twist it into that, but you would be wrong to do so.  It's like giving someone a math test then saying that they are bad at history.The Bechdel Test requirements are:1. There are two (named) women in a movie2.  They talk to each other3.   About something other than a man.Thus the reverse Bechdel Test requirements are:1.  There are two (named) men in a movie2.  They talk to each other3.  About something other than a woman.Sunday's episode passes the reverse test easily.  Off the top of my head, I can think of the conversations between the men of Night's watch and the conversation between Bran and Jojen.Yes as I said the test is absurd, you're only helping my point... even when you compare a 'reverse' test you completely ignore half the options.
3782	protar	2013-04-09	You told people early on in the thread that it was used as a measure of a movie's sexism... thus leading to the widespread misunderstanding.  However, those who actually use and like the Bechdel test do not use it this way (to measure sexism in a movie).But it is used as such, regardless of how it was originally used. I was entirely correct in saying so and am not to blame for any misinterpretation because1.) I didn't misinterpret anything. And...2.) I'm not the only person to originally have that opinion on how the bechdel test is used.This very thread should make it clear that people are using it to measure sexism in a film. The meaning and purpose has simply shifted.Not necessarily... as many examples in this thread demonstrate.I meant in general. Both refer to the portrayal of women in fiction. If you can't see the link then I'm afraid I can't help you.I wasn't aware that you ever made that point.  If you did, I disagree with you.  Could you provide some evidence/ point out where you said that?To quote my previous post:"For instance we could be talking about a harem genre anime with half a dozen females and one male. Most of the plot could revolve around these women interacting but it could easily fail the test because the man is the centre-piece. Now as a measure of how woman-centric the series is, then it's slightly more reliable but hardly foolproof. So regardless of what people are using it for I see it as nothing more than a fun little curiosity."That gives an example of a genre in which there is a lot of female presence, however such a series may not pass the bechdel test. Therefore it is unreliable in determining woman's presence in a series. A series can also be woman-centric (by which I assume you mean it has a female protagonist.) and also fail the bechdel test: for example a romcom from the POV of the woman where she does nothing but agonise over her love interest.Sexism in the industry because of the overall lessened meaningful presence of women in media.  This is very, very different from saying that the Bechdel test condemns individual movies for being sexist.Of course it isn't. If the sum of these films that fail the bechdel indicates sexism, then the test must also be condemning the individual films of being sexist. Else where's the sexism coming from?Of course the truth is that some films are sexist and some films simply have legitimate reasons to fail the test.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 09 April 2013 - 01:08 PM.
3783	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	If you watch a film and happen to find the male conversations better than there's no problem. What is a problem is making a blanket statement that all conversations not about men are uninteresting. I think what you're experiencing is not that conversations centred on women are always uninteresting, but that most directors and writers are male and so have trouble writing interesting female orientated conversations.No, that's not my point.  In real life, I generally find a conversation among an all-male group to be much more interesting to me than a conversation among an all-female group, though there are some exceptions.  And to the extent I'm seeing what I think are realistic portrayals of such conversations on TV or in movies, I'd expect that generally to hold up as well.  That's not antipathy, but simply preference, and I know a lot of women who would feel the same, except reversed.  That's certainly not a universal sentiment, but it is something that certainly exists.You don't need to be a feminist to get angry at a blatantly sexist remark.To quote Nigel Tufnel, "what's wrong with being sexy?"In any case, this is exactly the mindset to which I object.  Why is it a cause for anger if someone generally prefers all male to all female conversations, or vice-versa?  This is just indicative of the pressure to conform that is at the heart of much of feminism.  Some guys may tend to prefer conversations among other guys.  Some women may tend to prefer all female conversations.  Others have no preference.  So what?I know plenty of women who like their "girls nights outs".  Good for them.  But in my experience, women will tend (again, not exclusively) to spend a lot more time discussing relationships than men do.  They'll often be discussing them from a female perspective.  And if they're not discussing relationships, their sometimes discussing what could be termed "feminist" issue.  Well, blech.  That stuff doesn't interest me.  So mind if I go hang out with the guys at the bar?But it seems now that recognition that their tend to be differences between the genders, and to have a preference one way or the other, is "sexism".  Pretend that their really isn't any difference at all, and if you think there is, well, you're sexist!Bah, humbug.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 01:25 PM.
3784	protar	2013-04-09	No, that's not my point.  In real life, I generally find a conversation among an all-male group to be much more interesting to me than a conversation among an all-female group, though there are some exceptions.  And to the extent I'm seeing what I think are realistic portrayals of such conversations on TV or in movies, I'd expect that generally to hold up as well.  That's not antipathy, but simply preference, and I know a lot of women who would feel the same, except reversed.  That's certainly not a universal sentiment, but it is something that certainly exists.To quote Nigel Tufnel, "what's wrong with being sexy?"In any case, this is exactly the mindset to which I object.  Why is it a cause for anger if someone generally prefers all male to all female conversations, or vice-versa?  This is just indicative of the pressure to conform that is at the heart of much of feminism.  Some guys may tend to prefer conversations among other guys.  Some women may tend to prefer all female conversations.  Others have no preference.  So what?I know plenty of women who like their "girls nights outs".  Good for them.  But in my experience, women will tend (again, not exclusively) to spend a lot more time discussing relationships than men do.  They'll often be discussing them from a female perspective.  And if they're not discussing relationships, their sometimes discussing what could be termed "feminist" issue.  Well, blech.  That stuff doesn't interest me.  So mind if I go hang out with the guys at the bar?Then your problem is not female conversations, it's simply stereotypically female topics which is entirely different as there's nothing stopping men discussing those.Now that you've explained it, I don't think that's a sexist view to take, but I still feel you worded it insensitively.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 09 April 2013 - 01:53 PM.
3785	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-09	I thought they went out of their way to make Brienne appear a more adept swordfighter then Jamie which didn't happen in the book. I also think they tried to make Cat more sympathetic, and Shae more sympathetic. In that sense I suppose it is doing more for the portreyal of woman then the book did.
3786	Mladen	2013-04-09	@Greensleeves, I do appologize if I have misunderstood it, and obviously I did, so sorry. I`ll do a research about it and expand my knowledge about it, and then answer you with appropriate answer. I was merely talking about my own perception of those conversations, and I find them not to be so centric about men. Like Margaery said `I want to know what that means` so that conversation was about Margaery and Sansa, and Joffrey was just link between two of them.
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 09 April 2013 - 01:34 PM.
3787	greensleeves	2013-04-09	Don't conflate feminism with not being sexist please. One is a social movement with some controversial ideas on how to bring about gender equality. The other is common decency.Feminism has many definitions and there are many types of feminism (second wave, third wave, and all the different types inbetween).  By a lot of definitions a conscious desire to not be sexist is enough.  Congratulations, you are a feminist! /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />...If you see people using the Bechdel test (and not actual analysis) to condemn individual movies of being sexist or anti-feminist then you should correct them.  That is not what the test is.  Everyone I've seen who uses and likes the the test does not use it this way.  If you have frequented corners of the internet where it is misused then I am sorry.  Please don't condemn the test based on that.In particualar, I (the originator of the thread) am telling you that I did not mean for the test to be used in that way.On the harem anime example (Note that the original test is not meant to apply to TV so its not perfect): A harem anime should easily pass the first two conditions of the Bechdel Test (many media works don't).  If it fails to pass the third...  then maybe the Bechdel test is a bit off... or maybe it's an indicator that the female presence isn't very meaningful.  Either way the 2/3 the anime gets is an indication of female presence.  It probably has a good chance of getting 3/3.The harem anime is also a good example of why the Test is not used to measure sexism in individual works, but rather in the entire industry.  Women can be very present in a work (like your harem anime) but it still might have very sexist undertones.  On the other hand great movies like Mulan and Wall-E fail the bechdel test despite the first having a feminist message and the second being awesome.  However, when we look across a large number of movies we see a trend of not much meaningful female presence (as measured by the Bechdel test).  This is in contrast to the trend we see with the reverse Bechdel test where the vast majority of movies pass.These widespread trends allow us to point out sexism in the industry... not judging individual works with whether or not they pass Bechdel.  When trying to make a judgement on an individual work, of course you actually analyze the work.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
3788	greensleeves	2013-04-09	@Greensleeves, I do appologize if I have misunderstood it, and obviously I did, so sorry. I`ll do a research about it and expand my knowledge about it, and then answer you with appropriate answer. I was merely talking about my own perception of those conversations, and I find them not to be so centric about men. Like Margaery said `I want to know what that means` so that conversation was about Margaery and Sansa, and Joffrey was just link between two of them.It's okay.  The thread ended up being posted many hours after I had originally submitted it.  I'm sorry I wasn't there to keep it from getting so derailed.  If I had realized that so many people would misunderstand the purpose of the test I would have included an explanation.  Don't feel obligated to go out and research, just know that what you were originally told about the purpose of the Bechdel test is wrong.
3789	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	Now that you've explained it, I don't think that's a sexist view to take....I believe there are many who would disagree with that, as they are opposed to the existence of gender stereotypes or gender-based assumptions period.  That's why I tweaked, because there often is peer pressure here against stating an opposing view.One of my favorite sports movies is A League Of The Their Own.  Like I said, I love Bridesmaids.  And back in the day, I was a sucker for a Meg Ryan Rom-Com.  But at the same time, there are still chick flicks and guy flicks, though the occasional chick or occasional guy will see it differently.  And I'm fine with that.  But there are people who object to that entire concept, and unfortunately, they sometimes manage to cow those who see it differently.Either the HBO series is good entertainment, or it isn't.  Whether or not it meets some particular test developed by feminists to measure...whatever...., and then to condemn it on that basis, is the type of closed-minded to which I object.  Because essentially, they seek to pressure industry to produce works that meet their standards of what is appropriate from a feminist perspective, which naturally has the effect of suppressing works that aren't.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 02:07 PM.
3790	Mladen	2013-04-09	It's okay.  The thread ended up being posted many hours after I had originally submitted it.  I'm sorry I wasn't there to keep it from getting so derailed.  If I had realized that so many people would misunderstand the purpose of the test I would have included an explanation.  Don't feel obligated to go out and research, just know that what you were originally told about the purpose of the Bechdel test is wrong.You deserve a proper answer, and by Gods, you shall have one /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. It`s not obligation, those are manners, and beside that I want to. I thought that Bechdel test was about importance of female characters to the story and that their appearance at the big screen is essential. That was where I was heading with my first reply.
3791	protar	2013-04-09	Feminism has many definitions and there are many types of feminism (second wave, third wave, and all the different types inbetween).  By a lot of definitions a conscious desire to not be sexist is enough.  Congratulations, you are a feminist! /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />"Shudders"I'm happy just being someone who displays common human decency thank you /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> there's far to much baggage associated with the word feminist and the lack of a solid definition is part of the reason I think it's kind of pointless - there's no direction and eventually the more extremist groups simply tear the more reasonable groups apart.If you see people using the Bechdel test (and not actual analysis) to condemn individual movies of being sexist or anti-feminist then you should correct them.  That is not what the test is.  Everyone I've seen who uses and likes the the test does not use it this way. If you have frequented corners of the internet where it is misused then I am sorry.  Please don't condemn the test based on that.In particualar, I (the originator of the thread) am telling you that I did not mean for the test to be used in that way.Well fair enough. I mean I don't think that it can be used as a measure of sexism, so really we've been on the same side on that matter the entire time. But as I like to say, people are always entitled to their incorrect opinions so if people want to use it like that I'm not going to stop them, though I will disagree with them.On the harem anime example (Note that the original test is not meant to apply to TV so its not perfect): A harem anime should easily pass the first two conditions of the Bechdel Test (many media works don't).  If it fails to pass the third...  then maybe the Bechdel test is a bit off... or maybe it's an indicator that the female presence isn't very meaningful.  Either way the 2/3 the anime gets is an indication of female presence.  It probably has a good chance of getting 3/3.I would go with the option that the bechdel test is simply a bit off. Female interactions regarding men can be meaningful. To imply otherwise is to imply that men automatically make a conversation not meaningful which of course is wrong.The harem anime is also a good example of why the Test is not used to measure sexism in individual works, but rather in the entire industry.  Women can be very present in a work (like your harem anime) but it still might have very sexist undertones.  On the other hand great movies like Mulan and Wall-E fail the bechdel test despite the first having a feminist message and the second being awesome.  However, when we look across a large number of movies we see a trend of not much meaningful female presence (as measured by the Bechdel test).  This is in contrast to the trend we see with the reverse Bechdel test where the vast majority of movies pass.These widespread trends allow us to point out sexism in the industry... not judging individual works with whether or not they pass Bechdel.  When trying to make a judgement on an individual work, of course you actually analyze the work.But surely, if the bechdel test is used to determine that the entire industry is sexist, it must be implicating that some of the works which fail are sexist right? But not all, and as you say we must look at each individual film on it's own merits to determine which. And we also have to do that to determine if there is a meaningful female presence, and if the work is female centric. So if each work must be analysed in depth before we can say anything about the female presence for an individual film, what's the point of the test?
3792	protar	2013-04-09	It's okay.  The thread ended up being posted many hours after I had originally submitted it.  I'm sorry I wasn't there to keep it from getting so derailed.  If I had realized that so many people would misunderstand the purpose of the test I would have included an explanation.  Don't feel obligated to go out and research, just know that what you were originally told about the purpose of the Bechdel test is wrong.I want to be angry at you for so flagrantly stating I'm wrong, but you're so damn nice and polite about it. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3793	Khal Porno	2013-04-09	This is extraordinarily stupid, because in fiction your characters talk about the other characters - especially in one that's bread and butter is intrigue.  There are more male characters (typical in an epic about a patriarchal society), so of course the female characters are going to talk about male characters.
3794	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	Why should the inevitable presence of trolls prevent discussion of gender in media?  I wish they had posted the thread earlier; then I might have been able to correct protar's complete misrepresentation of the test and actually steered this towards something meaningful.Protar's view of what the purpose of the test is what 95% of people believe the test measures.  Its rarely if ever used in conversation NOT pertaining to how women are portrayed in a film or show from a feminist standpoint as far as I've seen.  Its a leading conversation, and its bound to start more trouble and conversation that has zero to do with asoiaf.Its not at all like posting an anti dany or stannis thread that is sure to break out into asoiaf based trolling/warfare.
3795	Mulled Wino	2013-04-09	It's okay.  The thread ended up being posted many hours after I had originally submitted it.  I'm sorry I wasn't there to keep it from getting so derailed.  If I had realized that so many people would misunderstand the purpose of the test I would have included an explanation.  Don't feel obligated to go out and research, just know that what you were originally told about the purpose of the Bechdel test is wrong.All the posts in tge game of thrones media section require mod approval unfortunately.  Threads in the book sections go up immediately.  I do appreciate your explanationsI was just commenting on what I've seen and where I thought the thread would lead (and where it went).  At least the thread served to educate a few of us!
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 09 April 2013 - 02:34 PM.
3796	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-09	This is extraordinarily stupid, because in fiction your characters talk about the other characters - especially in one that's bread and butter is intrigue.  There are more male characters (typical in an epic about a patriarchal society), so of course the female characters are going to talk about male characters.Well, yeah.  And I don't think anyone would dispute that it is a rather brutal patriarchal society in which most of the action centers around men.  So....what's the point?  We should have less GoT's, and more, uh, Lifetime?  I'm not a fan of any form of pressure -- which is the ultimate purpose of all this -- to have fiilmakers consciously change their stories to meet the expectations of interest groups, particularly when that pressure is likely to produce things of less interest to me personally.   And it is particularly likely to have distortive effects on historical drama/fiction.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 09 April 2013 - 03:52 PM.
3797	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-09	The bechdel test is supposed to determine if a work of fiction portrays women well or not. Basically a piece of fiction must have a scene in which two women have an entire conversation without mentioning men.Of course it's a ridiculous measure of the presence, or lack of sexism in a work. Two women in one series could pass the bechdel test by talking about how wonderful cleaning, cooking and shopping is. Another pair of women in another series could fail because their business discussion just happened to mention Pete from work.This. I'm not saying our society is not sexist. It is, a lot. However, if you say the conversation can not even mention men at all, the test becomes very biased. Because considering a cast were 50% men and 50% women, most conversation between two members of the same sex will naturally at least mention one member of the other sex. Characters tend to talk about other characters, you know?
3798	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-09	Misinterpreted or not, I don't really see why you need a test to springboard a conversation about the amount of women and/or female elements of a piece of fiction...Just start talking about it. Bringing up the Bechdel test, especially on the Internet, just defeats the purpose because 98% of people mis-interpret it in the first place. That, and every single time Ive read about a work passing/failing the Bechdel test, the conversation always spirals out of control like this and the original intent of the convo--discussing the actual work--is wasted on arguing about the damn test.
3799	piratesswoop	2013-04-09	Because considering a cast were 50% men and 50% women, most conversation between two members of the same sex will naturally at least mention one member of the other sex. Characters tend to talk about other characters, you know?And yet, as others have said before me, we have plenty of scenes where male characters never mention female characters at all.
3800	greensleeves	2013-04-09	Sorry, I had to go and actually work.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />You deserve a proper answer, and by Gods, you shall have one /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. It`s not obligation, those are manners, and beside that I want to. I thought that Bechdel test was about importance of female characters to the story and that their appearance at the big screen is essential. That was where I was heading with my first reply.Mladen, you are, as always, a gentleman that I highly respect.  Please never doubt that.  Given what this thread has become, I recommend you go on to other things."Shudders"I'm happy just being someone who displays common human decency thank you /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> there's far to much baggage associated with the word feminist and the lack of a solid definition is part of the reason I think it's kind of pointless - there's no direction and eventually the more extremist groups simply tear the more reasonable groups apart.Interestingly GRRM used to identify as a feminist until some in the feminism movement (I'm guessing when 2nd wave was at it's peak?... I'm not an expert on these things) decided that only women could define what feminism is, and he then thought that the more respectful thing to do would be to stop self-identifying himself that way.  I think this is flawed because a patriarchal society hurts men as well as women.  For me, the very name is in some ways flawed because at first glance it can seem to exclude men.  I can't think of a good alternative term though. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Racism doesn't have an equivalent term for example...Well fair enough. I mean I don't think that it can be used as a measure of sexism, so really we've been on the same side on that matter the entire time. But as I like to say, people are always entitled to their incorrect opinions so if people want to use it like that I'm not going to stop them, though I will disagree with them.I would go with the option that the bechdel test is simply a bit off. Female interactions regarding men can be meaningful. To imply otherwise is to imply that men automatically make a conversation not meaningful which of course is wrong.But surely, if the bechdel test is used to determine that the entire industry is sexist, it must be implicating that some of the works which fail are sexist right? But not all, and as you say we must look at each individual film on it's own merits to determine which. And we also have to do that to determine if there is a meaningful female presence, and if the work is female centric. So if each work must be analysed in depth before we can say anything about the female presence for an individual film, what's the point of the test?When we apply the Bechdel test and the reverse Bechdel test to widely released movies in any given year we see a predictable outcome: almost all of them will pass the reverse Bechdel test and a much larger number of them fail the original Bechdel test.  The fact that this result is consistent year after year means that the Bechdel test (and its reverse) are measuring *something*  (If it were random the trend wouldn't be so consistent).It's not all that unusual for a measure to be useful to study trends in larger groups but not at the individual level.  The most well known example I can think of right now is BMI (body mass index).  (Note that I am not a health professional.)  From what I have heard, BMI is not good at classifying at the individual level (the anecdote I've heard tossed around is that it classifies George Clooney as obese).  However, BMI is useful at looking at trends across large populations.  Why is it used in place of methods that might be more accurate for individuals?  Because it's easy and cheap; it would be prohibitively expensive to use other measures on large populations.If you are a doctor, however, you shouldn't classify a patient as obese based solely on BMI.  It might be a warning flag, but you should take a closer look (or even just a casual look).A similar logic justifies the Bechdel Test.  It would be nice to do a thorough analysis of gender in all movies and then condense that into understandable trends, but it's completely impractical.  (Also any results would be accused of being 'made-up' or 'biased').  The Bechdel Test and its reverse are relatively easy measurements to take.The consistency of the results of the Bechdel test and the reverse Bechdel test mean they are definitely capturing something in the wider industry.  What is that something?  I don't think it's much of a stretch to call it the meaningful presence of women in movies.I want to be angry at you for so flagrantly stating I'm wrong, but you're so damn nice and polite about it. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It's all part of my evil plan.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />All the posts in tge game of thrones media section require mod approval unfortunately.  Threads in the book sections go up immediately.  I do appreciate your explanationsI was just commenting on what I've seen and where I thought the thread would lead (and where it went).  At least the thread served to educate a few of us!Yes, I think I might have started a thread in this section last year, but I had completely forgotten about the wait.  I don't think I'll forget again.I didn't mean for this thread to be a debate on gender issues or even a debate on the value of the Bechdel Test.  I honestly just wanted opinions from those more knowledgable than me on some details of application.  I'm pretty lenient with my interpretation and think that an exchange should count even if it is part of a larger conversation (I think this is the only consistent way because a short exchange could happen outside of the context of a larger conversation and pass the third condition... yet both cases would seem to be equally valid).  I just wanted to know about the whether this episode passed.  There is a large contingent of people who hang out on this board that I think could give me good answers.  Some of them posted for which I am grateful.In the long summer of my youth (last night) I forgot that you can't discuss anything even tangentially related to gender issues on the internet.For the trolls that gave a one sentence post calling either the thread or the Bechdel test stupid (or pointless etc...) without trying to engage in any meaningful discourse, I will now honor you with an appropriate response:Nana nana boo boo; stick your head in doo doo
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 09 April 2013 - 10:13 PM.
3801	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-09	The Bechdel test is not a very good metric for judging the portrayal of women in a piece of fiction. Female characters could pass the Bechdel test by talking about how much they love to clean their homes with lemon scented Lysol, or conversely they could fail by having an intelligent conversation about an esteemed author or public figure. 
It is better to ask a series of analytical questions to judge the purpose of the character within the story and the author's intent. 
For example:
Is the character flawed?
Is the character only meant to represent an ideal?
Is the character multidimensional or a stereotype?
Most, if not all, of the female characters in ASoIaF will prove to be well written, strong and realistic. That is not so surprising seeing that when asked how he writes female characters, Martin said something like that he writes them as people because that is what they are. There's the only test that matters.
The show definitely fails when judged on its own because it has a bunch of invented characters whose only dimensions are T&A. Most of the well written female characters from the source material remain intact, but that is a credit to the books more than their on screen adaptation.
3802	karaddin	2013-04-10	For all that people want to just dismiss it as useless, I'd agree with the point made above about establishing trends vs using it to examine individual cases.
I also think that by the strict definition this episode does fail, although I'm with you that there is a decent chunk to both the garden scene and Cat/Talisa that would pass until later.  I think a more meaningful way (or perhaps just alternative) to look at it is rather than looking at whether a man is mentioned, it should instead examine whether the scene is furthering the characterisation of or is about a man or something else.  Under this criteria I think all of the scenes in question would be passes.
The Catelyn scene is very much about Cat, if anything baby Jon in that scene is being referred to just as a proper to further the characterisation of Cat.  The garden scene was similarly about Sansa and her opening up and admitting out loud what Joff is, with a secondary aspect being the reactions of the other two.  The scenes are furthering the female characters, not just serving as off screen characterisation of males which another important thing to look at.  Are the female characters in this story fleshed out, realised characters.  Of course through that lens all of GoT gets a resounding pass.
3803	StarkDragon	2013-04-10	The bechdel test is supposed to determine if a work of fiction portrays women well or not. Basically a piece of fiction must have a scene in which two women have an entire conversation without mentioning men.Is there a name for a paralleled test? Such as males not talking about females? Cause I'd like to make some guys I have to deal with adhere to it.Jokes aside, I think context is exceptionally more important than 'if men are mentioned.' Context meaning, did the content portray patriarchy or pro-male sexism? That said, this scene (Margery, Queen of Thorns, and Sansa) does deal with a patriarchal element, making it not pass the Bechdel Test, but /crap no spoilers/ it leads to Pro-Margery and Queen of Thorns events.A better (and non-spoiler), if contrived, example is if Danny and her Unsullied decided to start making their male enemies eunuchs. This certainly wouldn't support patriarchy, but if they mentioned any of the men whom they cut, it would not pass the Bechdel Test.
3804	callmedodge	2013-04-10	I find it odd that some posters are saying that the test is not about how feminist or non-feminist a movie or show is but to show how "women-centric" the industry is.
What is the overall goal of the test then? Surely by pointing out the lack of women-centric entertaintain you are bringing to light how non-feminist it is?
3805	Lucifer Lightbringer	2013-04-10	Jokes aside, I think context is exceptionally more important than 'if men are mentioned.' Context meaning, did the content portray patriarchy or pro-male sexism?In my opinion, even that is too broad to be meaningful. All of Western society is a patriarchy and the feudalistic setting of GoT is even more so. Female characters could have a conversation about that fact and fail the Bechdel test. Maybe you meant that if the content of the conversation supports patriarchy it should count as a failure. I agree that the proportion of male characters whom converse without discussing women compared to the reverse says something, but it's nothing of substance. It would be more useful to count the number of male to male conversations which mention women without sexualizing them. Or, as karaddin said, counting female conversations which mention males for some reason other than to provide the male with free off-screen characterization.Seeing that women can have a conversation about a man that doesn't serve some kind of sexist trope, but can also have conversations that aren't about men but which are stereotypical, the Bechdel test is not very useful. Since we do live in a patriarchal society with gender inequality it is totally logical that women should talk about men more than the reverse, even if it isn't the kind of meaningless conversation you might see in a romantic comedy. Men hold more power in society and thus are more likely to be the topic of conversation. The context means nothing because the context is the cause. What really matters is the content.You could make a case that men speak less of women in fiction because we don't take women as seriously in our society, but I would argue that the best result would be more portrayals of that instead of less women talking about men. The amount of conversational real estate that a person or group inhabits is indicative of its status and power, so what we want is for women to be a larger part of dialogue, and for the content of dialogue to be equally multidimensional for both sexes. As such, it means little that women speak more often of men now because they are unfortunately taken less seriously as a whole, and to change that the answer is NOT to limit what women in fiction can respectably talk about, but to broaden it.
3806	Lord Toblerone	2013-04-10	The Bechdel test is not a very good metric for judging the portrayal of women in a piece of fiction. Female characters could pass the Bechdel test by talking about how much they love to clean their homes with lemon scented Lysol, or conversely they could fail by having an intelligent conversation about an esteemed author or public figure.I don't think that would fail the Bechdel test. I think the men have to be characters in the work. So two women talking about the works of Charles Dickens would not fail the bechdel test. However, two women talking about Charles Dickens in a biopic of Charles Dickens would fail. And would also make sense for that work.I think the point of the bechdel is that if two women's only conversation is about the male characters then they're not proper characters in their own right, they're just there to reflect back on the male characters. But it's not a perfect measure, it's only a rule of thumb.In my opinion, even that is too broad to be meaningful. All of Western society is a patriarchy and the feudalistic setting of GoT is even more so. Female characters could have a conversation about that fact and fail the Bechdel test. Maybe you meant that if the content of the conversation supports patriarchy it should count as a failure.I agree that the proportion of male characters whom converse without discussing women compared to the reverse says something, but it's nothing of substance. It would be more useful to count the number of male to male conversations which mention women without sexualizing them. Or, as karaddin said, counting female conversations which mention males for some reason other than to provide the male with free off-screen characterization.Seeing that women can have a conversation about a man that doesn't serve some kind of sexist trope, but can also have conversations that aren't about men but which are stereotypical, the Bechdel test is not very useful. Since we do live in a patriarchal society with gender inequality it is totally logical that women should talk about men more than the reverse, even if it isn't the kind of meaningless conversation you might see in a romantic comedy. Men hold more power in society and thus are more likely to be the topic of conversation. The context means nothing because the context is the cause. What really matters is the content.You could make a case that men speak less of women in fiction because we don't take women as seriously in our society, but I would argue that the best result would be more portrayals of that instead of less women talking about men. The amount of conversational real estate that a person or group inhabits is indicative of its status and power, so what we want is for women to be a larger part of dialogue, and for the content of dialogue to be equally multidimensional for both sexes. As such, it means little that women speak more often of men now because they are unfortunately taken less seriously as a whole, and to change that the answer is NOT to limit what women in fiction can respectably talk about, but to broaden it. The Bechdel is not about limiting anything, just pointing out the limited female roles in Hollywood films generally. Pointing out ways to modify the test to make it really measure sexism/feminism is missing the point. While the test is a feminist test, it is not a test for feminism. Not for individual films. It is meant only to flag a general problem with female presence in movies.
3807	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	The Bechdel test is not meant to be a be-all-end-all measure of sexism or lack thereof in a piece of fiction. All it claims to be is one measure of the sophistication with which a movie or show handles female characters.Fiction tends to prize male-male and male-female relationships over female-female ones. The the presence of a male character is what's supposed to make a scene, a relationship, etc, important and valuable, worth the screentime, worth our attention. The Bechdel test encourages a break with that value assignment.Game of Thrones does pass the Bechdel test. Its addition of Shae and Sansa's relationship has been a success in my opinion. Sansa and the Tyrell women were a good example of the books themselves letting female characters have interactions, and the show enhances this because they have made Margaery more prominent than she was in the books, thus making her interactions with Sansa more prominent too. Talisa and Cat really haven't gotten to the point where their interaction was anything more than exposition, but that could change.(BUT just because the show is somewhat good about giving female characters interactions with each other (and they have an uphill battle here given the source material and its inspirations) doesn't mean they don't have other problems. A piece of fiction can be "feminist" in one way and sexist in another at the same time. It's perfectly possible that Game of Thrones has given us more legitimate female-female interactions than what we had in the books and that they have given is shitty sexposition scenes have at least on a few occasions used female-female interactions as mere titillation. That goes back to the Bechdel test being just one of many tools.)
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 06:10 AM.
3808	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Fiction tends to prize male-male and male-female relationships over female-female ones. The the presence of a male character is what's supposed to make a scene, a relationship, etc, important and valuable, worth the screentime, worth our attention. The Bechdel test encourages a break with that value assignment.Why is that a normatively good result?  I suppose I could understand someone wanting to apply that test to fiction set in the modern Western world, but if you're doing historical fiction, military fiction, or fantasy fiction set in a more medieval setting, or fiction set in a patriarchal culture of another nation, aren't you essentially arguing for the subjugation of realism to ideology?
3809	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	Only if you believe that it's unrealistic that women ever had important meaningful relationships with each other before the advent of modern feminism. I don't, and a lot of historians don't, rather they think that those relationships receive under-representation in literature because of the relative reservation of education for men exclusively. Since men were the ones who recorded things (both fiction and nonfiction) and since female-female relationships by definition exclude men, there is a real, missing history. It is thus a good result because it gives voice to the under-voiced (and incidentally poses no genuine threat to men, for all the resistance there is to the idea of its importance).
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 03:35 PM.
3810	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-10	Only if you believe that it's unrealistic that women ever had important meaningful relationships with each other before the advent of modern feminism. I don't, and a lot of historians don't, rather they think that those relationships receive under-representation in literature because of the relative reservation of education for men exclusively. Since they were the ones who recorded things (both fiction and nonfiction) and since female-female relationships by definition exclude men, there is a real, missing historySo what?  If someone wants to make a film about the "missing history", which they'll largely be inventing because of the of the lack of records, that's fine.  But the fact is that in those patriarchal societies, men are going to have been the primary movers of major events that people may find of the most interest.  If you're doing a biopic of Hitler, then the focus should be on the factors that made him of historical import and interest.  Whether the most important factors yo're going to address in the limited time available included conversations between women should be irrelevant to the making of that movie.If you're going to make a movie on the Battle of Alesia, or the Chosin Reservoir campaign, then criticism of those films on the grounds that there aren't enough women represented misses the point of why the movie is of interest in the first place.  You'd end up with tokenism to the exclusion of something actually relevant to the story.It is thus a good result because it gives voice to the under-voiced....Why is that a good result?  If you're talking about something that is intended to be primarily educational, that's one thing.  But generally, we're talking entertainment.  And particularly in historical dramas, the less interesting/more mundane something is, the more under-voiced it is going to be.  At least we hope.  The daily lives of peasants, or weavers, or dye-makers,are all "under-voiced" historically, because the focus is generally on the nobility/military who drive major events.  I want to hear Henry V's speech at Agincourt and see the battle, not listen to a farrior and blacksmith haggling, or every dye-maker and tanner bitching about their jobs. By the same token, I don't want to listen to Caesar's wife discuss what to set out for a banquet if it means missing a conversation with Cicero.
3811	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-10	First, I'd be cautious to bring in "realism" in regards to a TV show about a Fantasy World. Of course we don't want there to be a dissonance to "reality" (to put it simply, "humans" in the story need to be like the "humans" we are, otherwise there's little point in drawing comparisons), but to which one? Is the World of Game of Thrones like 15th century England? Are the Dothraki supposed to be Huns, Mongols or more like Comanche? So I'd be wary to bring in the realism argument to much. Also because of a second more important theme.
Every show is also a mirror of the producers and the public who watches it. It's fairly deeply anchored in the time we are living in. I'd almost guarantee you (if I could /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />) that in 20 years, such a pop culture success as Game of Thrones will be looked at as a mirror of our time now (namely the turn of the century when GRRM wrote it and the early 2010's in which the show aired) just as the Lord of the Rings is often tied to Tolkien's very questionable "white-centric" worldview (not overtly racist, but the undertones are what counts). [That's not supposed to be a critique, since it doesn't devalue his work].
Take for example the much more liberal view the show lets its characters takes on homosexuality. In the books, which are less of a mirror for pop culture and society today, the subject is much more contained and hidden. Many casual readers weren't even aware that Renly and Loras were supposed to be a pair. This 'context and era-appropriate' thing is very interesting, even if GRRM in the books bends it a little too 'liberal' as well. But in comparison to the show its nothing. Here we have common soldiers discussing it, Marg flinching when Joffrey wants the death sentence for Loras, Jaime talking of a Throne of Cocks and so on. My point is that I am fine with the show going the ahistorical way with homosexuality because it mirrors the fight in our society and the show is very much rooted in the popculture of 2013.
Going back to the original point, I think it's important that GoT doesn't depict the women only in the context of "how it would be realistic" (because we don't know how that would be in a fantasy setting), but uses it as well to mirror things from our contemporary society. (And I could further argue to complete the circle, that the show does that by contrasting Catelyn and Cersei and Brienne's approach to challenging the society).
But those are not the point of the Bechdel test. That one started in a freaking comic, so it's cleary not meant to be totally serious. It rathers just asks a question. So it's a starting point about all these discussions we are having f.e. in this thread. Failing the test doesn't mean anything for a single work and it'd be very unfair to do the test for a single episode of such a serialized drama. That's not what it was made for.
					
					
							Edited by Peasant Rebel Leader, 10 April 2013 - 04:47 PM.
3812	Xerox in 4 Parts	2013-04-10	So what?  If someone wants to make a film about the "missing history", which they'll largely be inventing because of the of the lack of records, that's fine.  But the fact is that in those patriarchal societies, men are going to have been the primary movers of major events that people may find of the most interest.Or they may not find them of interest. They may find the missing history of interest instead. They may find the Great Man theory of history overrated overexposed and tired. They might even write a huge epic fantasy series that makes efforts to present (fictional) world events beyond the prime movers and shakers, or show how women were movers and shakers in it too.Why is that a good result?  If you're talking about something that is intended to be primarily educational, that's one thing.  But generally, we're talking entertainment.  And particularly in historical dramas, the less interesting/more mundane something is, the more under-voiced it is going to be.  At least we hope.  The daily lives of peasants, or weavers, or dye-makers,are all "under-voiced" historically, because the focus is generally on the nobility/military who drive major events.  I want to hear Henry V's speech at Agincourt and see the battle, not listen to a farrior and blacksmith haggling, or every dye-maker and tanner bitching about their jobs. By the same token, I don't want to listen to Caesar's wife discuss what to set out for a banquet if it means missing a conversation with Cicero.Because empathy is a wonderful thing and just because you don't give a shit for Caesar's wife doesn't mean I don't, and I'm a consumer too, no less a default consumer than you in a right world. So are others who find it important to have themselves reflected in their fiction, even if they're *gasp* not men. Gasp and le shock, I don't find it entertaining that women are shut out of pop media. I find it a good thing that people acknowledge that even the undervoiced need their entertainment too, even if it's not your idea of entertainment. It's a marketplace of values, and slowly but surely Hollywood is realizing that ignoring women for so long has cost them buckets of missing revenue. In the long run Game of Thrones can choose to be on the side of the future or of the past.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 10 April 2013 - 05:25 PM.
3813	greensleeves	2013-04-10	Okay, I just re-watched the episode and was impressed again by the level of female presence.  It seems like most of the scenes have at least one important female character and the female characters had some real time to shine.  We had these conversations:
Bran's dream (w/ Robb, Jon, Jojen, Ned)
Bran-Osha (& Hodor)
Robb-Talisa-Lord Bolton
Robb-Catelyn
Theon-torturers
Jaime - Brienne (& Random Guy)
Cersei-Joff
Shae-Sansa
Sansa-Loras
Sansa-Marg-Olenna
Robb-Karstark
Catelyn-Talisa
Mance-Jon
Mance-Ygritte-Jon-Orell-Tormund
Sam-Night's Watch
Bran-Osha-Meera-Jojen
Arya-Gendry-Hotpie-BwB
Shae-Tyrion
Marg.-Joff
Theon-torturers
Bran-Jojen
Meera-Osha
Arya-A bunch of guys in a bar (and the Hound! yay!)
Jaime-Brienne (& Bolton men)
Nevertheless, according to the responses, it seems like most say the episode fails the traditional Bechdel Test.  There are 3 conversations that pass the reverse test (4 if you count Bran's dream).
I think that I still like my version of the test (counting fragments of long conversations... I realize this sets a low bar even lower, but I like it for consistency across works).  This seems like it still passes the original wording of the Bechdel test (talk to each other about... something besides a man).
Note: Thanks to the mod that helped delete the one-line trolls (previously about 20% of the thread)
Edit: I hear the people saying that the test should include some deeper analysis, and I agree that when judging an individual work the Bechdel test is not enough.  However  there is *a lot* to be said for ease and clarity when applying a measure to a large sample.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 10 April 2013 - 05:31 PM.
3814	greensleeves	2013-04-10	Game of Thrones does pass the Bechdel test. Its addition of Shae and Sansa's relationship has been a success in my opinion. Sansa and the Tyrell women were a good example of the books themselves letting female characters have interactions, and the show enhances this because they have made Margaery more prominent than she was in the books, thus making her interactions with Sansa more prominent too. Talisa and Cat really haven't gotten to the point where their interaction was anything more than exposition, but that could change.(BUT just because the show is somewhat good about giving female characters interactions with each other (and they have an uphill battle here given the source material and its inspirations) doesn't mean they don't have other problems. A piece of fiction can be "feminist" in one way and sexist in another at the same time. It's perfectly possible that Game of Thrones has given us more legitimate female-female interactions than what we had in the books and that they have given is shitty sexposition scenes have at least on a few occasions used female-female interactions as mere titillation. That goes back to the Bechdel test being just one of many tools.)Sansa is involved in a lot of great (or interesting) female-female relationships: Arya, Catelyn, Cersei, Shae, Septa Mordane,... and now Margaery and Olenna.The other major female protagonists have become largely isolated from other women.  Arya hasn't really been around other women since she escaped the King's Guard, but even before that the most of the female interaction she had was with Sansa.	After the the original parting at Winterfell, Catelyn seems to only be able to have at most one current female relationship at a time (Season 1: Lysa, Season 2: Brienne, Season 3: Talisa).  Dany lost all of her female companionship in Season 2, but we were introduced to a new woman in her arc this last episode.It just seems like Sansa's at the nexus of most of the female-female relationships.  Margaery might change that though.I'm not sure if I would say that the show's improved on the books in terms of female-female relationships.  They did add in Shae-Sansa, but they've cut out or killed other female characters.I also think that by the strict definition this episode does fail, although I'm with you that there is a decent chunk to both the garden scene and Cat/Talisa that would pass until later.  I think a more meaningful way (or perhaps just alternative) to look at it is rather than looking at whether a man is mentioned, it should instead examine whether the scene is furthering the characterisation of or is about a man or something else.  Under this criteria I think all of the scenes in question would be passes.The Catelyn scene is very much about Cat, if anything baby Jon in that scene is being referred to just as a proper to further the characterisation of Cat.  The garden scene was similarly about Sansa and her opening up and admitting out loud what Joff is, with a secondary aspect being the reactions of the other two.  The scenes are furthering the female characters, not just serving as off screen characterisation of males which another important thing to look at.  Are the female characters in this story fleshed out, realised characters.  Of course through that lens all of GoT gets a resounding pass.Thanks for the input.  I really liked those scenes too.  I understand the concern some have about how the Catelyn-Talisa scene reflects on Catelyn's character as a whole, but in this case I choose to view the two mediums (books and tv) as separate.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 10 April 2013 - 06:16 PM.
3815	protar	2013-04-09	to make sure the PW is in S4?I say this because I don't know about anyone else but I feel like the KL arc has been a lot slower than it could and should have been so far. For the first two episodes each has had one meaningful scene (Tyrion/Tywin in E2 and Olenna/Sansa in E2) but then 3 or 4 other KL scenes that really serve no purpose. At least in the premiere it was forgivable seeing as there was a need to recap things, but pretty much every scene so far has just been covering old ground.If D+D had approached things with an open mind and then decided that the PW wouldn't fit then that would be fine. But that's not what I'm feeling here: it seems as though they decided from the off that the PW wouldn't be this season and changed everything else to suit that.Meeting Olenna could easily have been pushed to episode 1, and then episode 2 could have the small council meeting with Tyrion named Master of Coin and Tywin brining up the idea of marrying Sansa.
3816	protar	2013-04-09	bumping to account for the delayed approval time.
3817	Clumber	2013-04-09	I'd been hoping for the longest time they would have the Purple Wedding in episode 10 of this season, but from what I've heard and from what you've pointed out, it unfortunately seems the case that it will be in season 4. I do have to say, though, that I thought the Joff/Marg scene with the crossbow was rather well done. It might not have added a whole lot, but it did show the progression of Marg's attempts to manipulate and gain a hold over Joff, and I really am interested to see how that plays out with the rest of the season since we didn't really get to see any of those interactions in the books.
3818	DragonAge93	2013-04-09	I prefer a slower story arc in KL. I mean, this is really only half of ASoS, with one big event already coming up, why rush the characters and story just to throw in the PW? What would Tyrion do for the whole fourth season? Being in a cell wouldn't be very appealing. PW will most likely occur in episode 4 or 5 of season 4, and maybe have the Oberyn/Gregor duel in 7 or 8, with Tywin's death in episode 9? I don't know, but I like how we get to see more of the characters fleshed out, like Margaery taking control of Joffrey.
3819	protar	2013-04-09	A slow pace is fine, but virtually all the scenes in KL aside from a select few have just been retreading old ground. Like the Joffrey/Cersei scene in E2 which really just covered the same strained relationship as last episode, without progressing it.
3820	the sword in the night	2013-04-09	Yep.  No PW.  Elio confirmed that to me.  The Dornish have yet to be be cast and don't even arrive until season 4.  KL will be slow biz and they'll no doubt fill it up with Tyrion struggling as Master of Coin and Tywin orchestrating the RW.  Maybe a few Sansa scenes in there too.  Also, did anyone else not believe Shae for an instant?  In the book she betrays Tyrion.  The Shae in the show loves Tyrion and would clearly rather die that betray him. And they made her jealous?  Bologna!!!!!  Where's Ser Tallad? In the books, she's flirting her ass off all over KL.  I don't know how they're supposed make that work.
3821	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	None of the scenes 'serve no purpose.'  There is a point to everything.  Marg and joff was especially good, I thought.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 09 April 2013 - 05:58 PM.
3822	Newstar	2013-04-09	Yep. No PW. Elio confirmed that to me. The Dornish have yet to be be cast and don't even arrive until season 4.Really? For sure for sure no PW in Season 3? Wow, I have some people to whom I need to apologize...A lot of board posters who've been swearing up and down the PW is in Season 3 are going to be eating crow. A feast of crow, if you will. (Khal-A-Bunga's joke, not mine.)Did Elio confirm no PW, or that no Dornish have been cast? Because I'm certain that no Dornish have been cast, but that doesn't necessarily mean no PW in Season 3. Oberyn could arrive after Tyrion's arrest.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 09 April 2013 - 07:42 PM.
3823	dtones520	2013-04-09	Yep.  No PW.  Elio confirmed that to me.  The Dornish have yet to be be cast and don't even arrive until season 4.  KL will be slow biz and they'll no doubt fill it up with Tyrion struggling as Master of Coin and Tywin orchestrating the RW.  Maybe a few Sansa scenes in there too.  Also, did anyone else not believe Shae for an instant?  In the book she betrays Tyrion.  The Shae in the show loves Tyrion and would clearly rather die that betray him. And they made her jealous?  Bologna!!!!!  Where's Ser Tallad? In the books, she's flirting her ass off all over KL.  I don't know how they're supposed make that work.They make it work when Tyrion marries Sansa and Shae gets pissed about it. That's why they had the scene in this episode. To show that Shae does have feelings for Tyrion and is protective over Sansa, so when her boyfriend and her gal pal get married she flips a shit and leads to betraying Tyrion later. Boom.
3824	Abaddon	2013-04-09	I haven't seen Elio confirm anything, but maybe I missed it...
I've always preferred the PW early in S4, and I like the pace of the Kings Landing stuff so far.  I think people are just going to have to get used to the idea that, for this season, Kings Landing is *not* the #1 focus of the story, for almost the first time in the series.
3825	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-09	There has been no evidence whatsoever for the PW in Season 3. Anyone believing it's still in are simply guilty of wishful thinking.
It was always going to be hard choice as splitting ASOS isn't easy at all. But it seems to me they decided that the PW can't be in because Oberyn's arc is too important and they need great material for Season 4. Inevitably that will result in padding of the KL arc in Season 3 but it will presumably be balanced by massive strides for other characters, such as Dany.
Overall, I'd rather they take it slow and do things well than rush ahead only to stall at AFFC and ADWD.
3826	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-09	There has been no evidence whatsoever for the PW in Season 3. Anyone believing it's still in are simply guilty of wishful thinking.It was always going to be hard choice as splitting ASOS isn't easy at all. But it seems to me they decided that the PW can't be in because Oberyn's arc is too important and they need great material for Season 4. Inevitably that will result in padding of the KL arc in Season 3 but it will presumably be balanced by massive strides for other characters, such as Dany.Overall, I'd rather they take it slow and do things well than rush ahead only to stall at AFFC and ADWD.Agree with this. Purple Wedding in Season 4 just makes more sense to me, especially since they haven't cast the Martells yet, who have to be there. Plus, having it this season wouldn't really leave all that much stuff left for Tyrion in season 4. His trial can't last a whole season, unless they moved forward stuff from ADWD, but Tyrion's arc in season 4 should end with him killing Tywin.
3827	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	I am firmly holding the belief that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding will not be revealed to the viewers until the scene that it actually happens in. This just makes for a better story. 
The character progression is not a problem for me. Honestly, I like watching these KL scenes because I know that the real KL action is going to be put off until Season 4 for the PW. I LOVE the dynamic between Cersei and Marge, hoping for a catfight scene this season between them. I also want a catfight scene between QoT and Cersei. I want a catfight between Cersei and every other woman in the series actually...
I LOVED the scene where Marge is bragging about the Tyrell's charitable work and Cersei is giving her the look like "Bitch......"
So, to me, the minor KL scenes are no big deal, they add some interesting relief to the episode.
3828	Newstar	2013-04-09	I haven't seen Elio confirm anything, but maybe I missed it...Well, the sword in the morning stated that Elio had confirmed no PW in Season 3 to him/her, as in a one-on-one conversation. The WIC.net folks and the Westeros.org folks haven't stated anything officially one way or another, which is why everyone's speculating so furiously about this.I am firmly holding the belief that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding will not be revealed to the viewers until the scene that it actually happens in. This just makes for a better story.That's going to be tricky, as it will mean leaving out the scene where Tywin reveals his knowledge of the marriage plot and convinces Tyrion to marry Sansa. Even if you don't care about the Tyrion/Tywin dynamics in that scene (and I doubt the showrunners would pass up the opportunity to include that scene) and the character stuff, there's a fair amount of plot development/foreshadowing that would be sacrificed if the scene were cut.Given the route the writers seem to be taking with TV Shae, it seems certain that there's going to be a pre-wedding scene where Tyrion tells Shae about the wedding and she flips out.I'm pretty sure the wedding won't be revealed to Sansa until the scene that it actually happens in, although the TV version of the wedding seems like it will be a huge, lavish affair at the Great Sept rather than something hasty and last-minute, which makes me wonder how on earth the information about the wedding could be kept from Sansa. Maybe there's a last-minute groom bait and switch, as suggested by the previews showing Sansa's wedding gown to be green (greenish-gold, anyway): she thinks she's marrying Loras, but Joffrey announces at the eleventh hour that it's Tyrion she's marrying instead. Or something.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 09 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
3829	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-09	I am firmly holding the belief that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding will not be revealed to the viewers until the scene that it actually happens in. This just makes for a better story.The character progression is not a problem for me. Honestly, I like watching these KL scenes because I know that the real KL action is going to be put off until Season 4 for the PW. I LOVE the dynamic between Cersei and Marge, hoping for a catfight scene this season between them. I also want a catfight scene between QoT and Cersei. I want a catfight between Cersei and every other woman in the series actually...I LOVED the scene where Marge is bragging about the Tyrell's charitable work and Cersei is giving her the look like "Bitch......"So, to me, the minor KL scenes are no big deal, they add some interesting relief to the episode.I think the Tyrion Sansa marriage will happen similar to the book. Tywin will bring it up Tyrion in one episode, possibly at the end, and in the next episode Sansa is preseneted her wedding gown by Cersei and told she's marrying Tyrion.On another thread I saw someone mention that the marriage will happen in episode 8 this season? Anyone know if this is true? THat seems pretty late.
3830	victim	2013-04-09	GRRM confirmed in his "Not A Blog" that he's writing Episode 2 of Season 4.... I wonder what's going to happen in that episode.
3831	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-09	^Would love it to be the PW! Although I predicted Season 4 episode 3 for it.I think the Tyrion Sansa marriage will happen similar to the book. Tywin will bring it up Tyrion in one episode, possibly at the end, and in the next episode Sansa is preseneted her wedding gown by Cersei and told she's marrying Tyrion.On another thread I saw someone mention that the marriage will happen in episode 8 this season? Anyone know if this is true? THat seems pretty late.
	Spoiler Tyrion-Sansa happens episode 8 - confirmed according to the original plan. (although last minute changes are technically possible)RW happens episode 9.
From the books, that really doesn't give enough time for the PW, and is just one of many reasons why it's not expected to happen. God...I'm so tired of this debate! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 10 April 2013 - 07:18 AM.
3832	juanml82	2013-04-09	The way they are dealing with the 'Hey, Margory, Joffrey is a monster!' plot makes me think PW will be the season finale. They are building it up, albeit slowly, and the first episodes of season four are likely to be a bit of a recap (like these ones), so they would have to build up the PW again.
3833	callmedodge	2013-04-09	GRRM confirmed in his "Not A Blog" that he's writing Episode 2 of Season 4.... I wonder what's going to happen in that episode.Most likely PW although it`s hard to know.I was kind of hoping he`d be writing the Oberyn versus Gregor fight. Ah well.
3834	Newstar	2013-04-09	Most likely PW although it`s hard to know.Yeah, the episodes GRRM wrote for Seasons 1 and 3 probably have stuff happen in them, but they're not gamechangers like 1x09 (Ned's death), 3x08 (Tyrion/Sansa wedding) or 3x09 (RW), so I think jumping on the idea that 4x02 has to be the PW because GRRM's writing it is wrongheaded.4x02 would be a good place to put the PW, though. It might even get a Blackwater-style episode with all of the action set in KL.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 09 April 2013 - 10:23 PM.
3835	teemo	2013-04-09	Yeah, the episodes GRRM wrote for Seasons 1 and 3 probably have stuff happen in them, but they're not gamechangers like 1x09 (Ned's death), 3x08 (Tyrion/Sansa wedding) or 3x09 (PW), so I think jumping on the idea that 4x02 has to be the PW because GRRM's writing it is wrongheaded.4x02 would be a good place to put the PW, though. It might even get a Blackwater-style episode with all of the action set in KL./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3836	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	Na im 90% sure the purple wedding will be next season. as for the scenes in KL, yea the scene between Joffery and Cercei was just a repeat of them in episode 1, but what im getting sick of is how much screen time shae is recieving, i hate her so much, she is so annoying, and she has not that much screen time but equal to if not more than other characters such as Stannis and Tormund
3837	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-09	Na im 90% sure the purple wedding will be next season. as for the scenes in KL, yea the scene between Joffery and Cercei was just a repeat of them in episode 1, but what im getting sick of is how much screen time shae is recieving, i hate her so much, she is so annoying, and she has not that much screen time but equal to if not more than other characters such as Stannis and TormundLol! If the show is trying to stretch or slow down the stuffs in King's Landing so they can save some storylines for Season 4, you'll see more of Shae and most surely, Ros. Ugh! I'd rather see less of King's Landing stuffs if that's the case and see more of Arya/the Hound, BWB, and the Wall stuffs than those two. I'm bad. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3838	teemo	2013-04-09	Hopefully, Ros and Shae will get the axe ASAP...Ros is just cast meat waiting to be eaten.
					
					
							Edited by barbie, 09 April 2013 - 09:55 PM.
3839	victim	2013-04-09	Yeah, the episodes GRRM wrote for Seasons 1 and 3 probably have stuff happen in them, but they're not gamechangers like 1x09 (Ned's death), 3x08 (Tyrion/Sansa wedding) or 3x09 (PW), so I think jumping on the idea that 4x02 has to be the PW because GRRM's writing it is wrongheaded.4x02 would be a good place to put the PW, though. It might even get a Blackwater-style episode with all of the action set in KL.Well, I got the impression it would be the PW episode because George usually writes later ones. A lot of the earlier episodes set up events, introduce characters and recap viewers, why would they waste George's talents on stuff like that when he could be writing the amazing things those episodes build to like Blackwater and The Bear and the Maiden Fair?
3840	teemo	2013-04-09	Well, I got the impression it would be the PW episode because George usually writes later ones. A lot of the earlier episodes set up events, introduce characters and recap viewers, why would they waste George's talents on stuff like that when he could be writing the amazing things those episodes build to like Blackwater and The Bear and the Maiden Fair?good point...i'm really thinking its PW now.  unless, is there anything else really all that significant around that could happen around that time?
3841	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-09	good point...i'm really thinking its PW now.  unless, is there anything else really all that significant around that could happen around that time?I'd throw out there the trial, but that's too early. So, PW most likely.
3842	Loras	2013-04-10	Well, I got the impression it would be the PW episode because George usually writes later ones. A lot of the earlier episodes set up events, introduce characters and recap viewers, why would they waste George's talents on stuff like that when he could be writing the amazing things those episodes build to like Blackwater and The Bear and the Maiden Fair?I am secretly hoping that GRRM does not write the PW, as I don't really want to know who dunnit.  If it is explicit in Martin's episode then to me it is pretty much canon.Other possibilities could be the attack on the Wall and Ygritte's death (if she doesn't kick it in the finale).On topic, I don't think that the writers have slowed the plot in KL.  I also don't think that any of the scenes so far have been pointless.  The questionable one being Sansa and Shae's dock disscussion.  I think the main story lines in the capital this season will be Margaery and Cersei vying for control of Joffrey - I think Margaery will nearly be successful too until a game change in the finale after the Red Wedding.  The other will be the interplay between Tyrion and Tywin. Sansa's storyline will link the two sets of characters.I'm also really pleased with the exposure that the writers have given Margaery Tyrell in the first two episodes.  She is going to be a major character going forward (at least through the end of the trials), we have to know what this character is about and how she works.  I feel that after these two episodes we have a much better insight into her than during any of her appearances in Season 2.
3843	protar	2013-04-10	Just to go through the scenes in KL that were in E2:Cersei and Joffrey arguing over Margaery: We've already set-up the rivalry between Cersei and Marg as well as the strained relationship between Cersei and Joff. This doesn't progress either relationship in any way.Queen of Thorns: The one actually meaningful scene imo.Tyrion/Shae - More lovy-dovy Shae and Tyrion, more Shae inexplicably being Shae's BFF. Serves to slightly foreshadow the GW but imo it's unnecessary.Margaery/Joffrey: This did serve a purpose, showing Margaery getting more of a hold on Joff via phallic metaphors. But still no real plot development.I think the main problem I have with these scenes is that while they do sometimes give character development, there's no plot around which the development is based. They're just meaningless conversations when all the development and interaction could be done around something meaningful. Episode 1 was mostly ok in this regard, as I felt the minor scenes did serve a point even if I didn't agree with them. So a hypothetical episode 1 and 2:Episode 1:Queen of Thorn's arrivalTyrion/Cersei sceneTyrell family dinner with Joff + CerseiRos speaks to Sansa on LF's behalf then reports to VarysTywin and Tyrion fightEpisode 2:QOT meets Sansa (Changed my mind, E2 is good for this.)Joffrey/Margaery with crossbowRos takes Dontos' role. Sansa tells her about proposal.Small Council meeting. Tywin proposes Tyrion marry Sansa.To me that progresses the plot in KL much more, especially in episode two whilst also providing character interaction and giving screen time for all the major characters. I mean obviously it's all subjective, I just feel like not enough has happened so far.
3844	Timotheus	2013-04-10	4x02 would be awesome. People would still be expecting a slow episode, and would be blown away.. It feels a bit early though. Maybe Martin's setting up for the episode..
3845	Loras	2013-04-10	Just to go through the scenes in KL that were in E2:Cersei and Joffrey arguing over Margaery: We've already set-up the rivalry between Cersei and Marg as well as the strained relationship between Cersei and Joff. This doesn't progress either relationship in any way.Queen of Thorns: The one actually meaningful scene imo.Tyrion/Shae - More lovy-dovy Shae and Tyrion, more Shae inexplicably being Shae's BFF. Serves to slightly foreshadow the GW but imo it's unnecessary.Margaery/Joffrey: This did serve a purpose, showing Margaery getting more of a hold on Joff via phallic metaphors. But still no real plot development.I think the main problem I have with these scenes is that while they do sometimes give character development, there's no plot around which the development is based. They're just meaningless conversations when all the development and interaction could be done around something meaningful. Episode 1 was mostly ok in this regard, as I felt the minor scenes did serve a point even if I didn't agree with them. Regarding the Joffrey/Cersei scene, I thought it did progress the plot and have a purpose.  We already know that the characters have a strained relationship, I agree, but this scene was much more about Cersei than it was about her relationship with her son.  She is trying to find out how much influence she has lost over him, or what he thought about Margaery.It is different to the dinner scene because it sets up Cersei's paranoia but also her insecurity regarding Margaery, rather than examining the differences between the two. In the context of the books (and assuming that the show will continue to follow them), the rivalry between Cersei and Margaery is a driving force for the events of King's Landing.  This scene is only the first step towards that, in my opinion.Regarding Joffrey/Margaery:  that is a massive slice of plot development.  This is the first time in the entire series that we have found a character that can influence Joffrey.  That is huge, in my opinion.  I think this could be the purpose of the mirrors that ended both scenes (very clumsy - but whatever), after the J/C scene we see him standing alone looking in the mirror.  Whereas at the end of the Margaery scene, they are entwined looking in the mirror together.  This is a massive shift in the goalposts.Shae/Tyrion, I agree with everything that you have said.The Olenna scene was just wonderful, so I don't think I could ever complain about it!
3846	protar	2013-04-10	I am secretly hoping that GRRM does not write the PW, as I don't really want to know who dunnit.  If it is explicit in Martin's episode then to me it is pretty much canon.Not necessarily. I mean by that logic the invented scenes in Blackwater are canon. Martin is capable of writing within the show canon. But in any case isn't it pretty much confirmed that the Tyrells did the deed? LF told Sansa what went down and they matched up with what we saw at the wedding in such a way that LF would have to be psychic to be lying.Other possibilities could be the attack on the Wall and Ygritte's death (if she doesn't kick it in the finale).This could well happen in the same episode although I'm betting she either days this season or E1 of S4.On topic, I don't think that the writers have slowed the plot in KL.  I also don't think that any of the scenes so far have been pointless.  The questionable one being Sansa and Shae's dock disscussion. You're referring just to Sansa/Shae and not the whole LF interaction following it up right? But I guess it does establish that Sansa still clings to idealism and in addition scenes don't just start out of nowhere. A few seconds of irrelevant discussion before the actual plot kicks in is fine. Scenes devoted entirely to idle conversation don't have a place in this show imo. I think the main story lines in the capital this season will be Margaery and Cersei vying for control of Joffrey - I think Margaery will nearly be successful too until a game change in the finale after the Red Wedding.  The other will be the interplay between Tyrion and Tywin. Sansa's storyline will link the two sets of characters.Can't say I disagree here but each new scene for those plots needs to add something. Cersei and Joffrey arguing added nothing new to their dynamic.I'm also really pleased with the exposure that the writers have given Margaery Tyrell in the first two episodes.  She is going to be a major character going forward (at least through the end of the trials), we have to know what this character is about and how she works.  I feel that after these two episodes we have a much better insight into her than during any of her appearances in Season 2.I two am happy she's got exposure, just not what that exposure is. Episode 1 was mostly fine, I felt the dinner scene was good establishing both Cersei's rivalry with Joffrey and with Marg, as well as Marg's "spell" over Joff. But from that point we need something new.
3847	protar	2013-04-10	Regarding the Joffrey/Cersei scene, I thought it did progress the plot and have a purpose.  We already know that the characters have a strained relationship, I agree, but this scene was much more about Cersei than it was about her relationship with her son.  She is trying to find out how much influence she has lost over him, or what he thought about Margaery.It is different to the dinner scene because it sets up Cersei's paranoia but also her insecurity regarding Margaery, rather than examining the differences between the two. In the context of the books (and assuming that the show will continue to follow them), the rivalry between Cersei and Margaery is a driving force for the events of King's Landing.  This scene is only the first step towards that, in my opinion.Eh, well personally I don't feel it added anything that hasn't already been added. With the time constraints we have I don't think we have time to see every tiny baby step in inter-character relationships. All this can be hinted subtly throughout actual plot developments and the loss of control over Joffrey which will come to a head when he outright defies commands.Regarding Joffrey/Margaery:  that is a massive slice of plot development.  This is the first time in the entire series that we have found a character that can influence Joffrey.  That is huge, in my opinion.  I think this could be the purpose of the mirrors that ended both scenes (very clumsy - but whatever), after the J/C scene we see him standing alone looking in the mirror.  Whereas at the end of the Margaery scene, they are entwined looking in the mirror together.  This is a massive shift in the goalposts.I do agree that this scene developed the plot, which is why I kept it in my hypothetical outline. If it's just one idle talking scene that also develops the plot then that's not so bad. But when it's amongst 3 or 4 such scenes it just feels like wasted time.But I do see the foreshadowing and development here. I liked Margaery's "you are the King" which will undoubtedly tie directly into Joffrey's "I AM THE KING!" later on.
3848	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-10	It's good to have one setting in the series where not every single little thing has to mean something big. The King's Landing setting is good for the show because there are a few characters assembled at one place. It's much more similar to a 'classical' drama such as Downton Abbey and I feel that Game of Thrones needs this to be more than a Clip Show. (The next time we will have something similar is at the Wall with Stannis, Jon, Sam and maybe Yara). So these scenes are not pointless, but reinforce that King's Landing is the central setting and provide a more natural flow of storytelling. Compare that to f.e. the very straightforwardness of Arya's story or Stannis/Davos. And lastly, to me, the goal of the series is not to put all scenes from the books in, but to provide a good show, and in my mind, the television medium needs those little scenes in King's Landing.
3849	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	The show already slowed down events last season. Apparently nobody had realized that. I'm speaking of the whole subplot around Littlefinger's meeting with Catelyn and him only setting his eyes on Sansa after he has returned to KL after the Blackwater.
In the book, Littlefinger is only fixated on Sansa, and he sent his note to Sansa immediately after he got Tyrion's fake offer to send him to the Vale and name him Lord of Harrenhal. Obviously Littlefinger intended to take Sansa with him through Dontos when he left KL for the Vale in ACoK. Since that did not happen in the book, Littlefinger could only continue his Sansa plot in ASoS. But the outline was still there in ACoK.
In the show none of this ever happens. Littlefinger only starts to look for a way to get Sansa out this season.
It has already been indicated that Tywin is soon going to send Littlefinger to the Vale. He intends to take Sansa with him, of course. But Sansa will declare as soon as she is offered her Tyrell match by Olenna and Margaery. Since that didn't happen in episode 2, this subplot is also going to be become somewhat greater than before. In fact, Littlefinger might not even leave for the Vale this early since he has first be turned down by Sansa, find out about the Tyrell marriage plot, and tell Tywin about it to make way for the eventual Tyrion-Sansa marriage.
The show runners also seem to try to get somewhere with this whole Shae-Sansa-Tyrion triangle, and the Ros subplot.
The additional scenes with Joffrey, Cersei and Margaery seem to make way both to the eventual Cersei-Margaery-bitch-fight and to the evolution of Cersei's descent into madness. The most interesting thing about the Margaery-Joffrey relationship to me is whether they are going to make Margaery the eventual victim of Joffrey's sadism (after which it's decided to get rid of Joff), or whether they will try to make Joff a more tragic character by having him truly fall for Margaery when it has already been decided by her and the Queen of Thorns to get rid of him. Episode 2 very much indicated as much...
But anyway, there is no need to rush things right now. The Red Wedding is enough climax for one season, and they really seem to set up the forced Sansa-Tyrion marriage as a huge personal tragedy for all the characters involved (Sansa, Tyrion, Shae). Perhaps even for Loras, since he might be forced to enter the Kingsguard afterwards.
3850	protar	2013-04-10	The show already slowed down events last season. Apparently nobody had realized that. I'm speaking of the whole subplot around Littlefinger's meeting with Catelyn and him only setting his eyes on Sansa after he has returned to KL after the Blackwater.In the book, Littlefinger is only fixated on Sansa, and he sent his note to Sansa immediately after he got Tyrion's fake offer to send him to the Vale and name him Lord of Harrenhal. Obviously Littlefinger intended to take Sansa with him through Dontos when he left KL for the Vale in ACoK. Since that did not happen in the book, Littlefinger could only continue his Sansa plot in ASoS. But the outline was still there in ACoK.In the show none of this ever happens. Littlefinger only starts to look for a way to get Sansa out this season.It has already been indicated that Tywin is soon going to send Littlefinger to the Vale. He intends to take Sansa with him, of course. But Sansa will declare as soon as she is offered her Tyrell match by Olenna and Margaery. Since that didn't happen in episode 2, this subplot is also going to be become somewhat greater than before. In fact, Littlefinger might not even leave for the Vale this early since he has first be turned down by Sansa, find out about the Tyrell marriage plot, and tell Tywin about it to make way for the eventual Tyrion-Sansa marriage.The show runners also seem to try to get somewhere with this whole Shae-Sansa-Tyrion triangle, and the Ros subplot.The additional scenes with Joffrey, Cersei and Margaery seem to make way both to the eventual Cersei-Margaery-bitch-fight and to the evolution of Cersei's descent into madness. The most interesting thing about the Margaery-Joffrey relationship to me is whether they are going to make Margaery the eventual victim of Joffrey's sadism (after which it's decided to get rid of Joff), or whether they will try to make Joff a more tragic character by having him truly fall for Margaery when it has already been decided by her and the Queen of Thorns to get rid of him. Episode 2 very much indicated as much...But anyway, there is no need to rush things right now. The Red Wedding is enough climax for one season, and they really seem to set up the forced Sansa-Tyrion marriage as a huge personal tragedy for all the characters involved (Sansa, Tyrion, Shae). Perhaps even for Loras, since he might be forced to enter the Kingsguard afterwards.The slowing down of the Sansa/LF thing is fine, because it allows them to speed it up later on. Rather than having two seasons waiting for Sansa to be shipped off, we just have one season condensing all of that.I know there's no need to rush things, but there's no need to deliberately slow things down either. Which is what I feel they're doing.
3851	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	Yes, because they don't want to get to the Purple Wedding this season. And because they want to make Margaery Tyrell a major character.
The Sansa plot could have easily been in season 2. In fact, the whole mystery about who might be the person behind Dontos (if there was any) could have been interesting. There would have been no need to put this plot in the spotlight in season 2, all they needed to do was establish it. Instead, they felt they had to continue the Littlefinger-real-Cat obsession thing, which was set up clumsily and had not a very good climax or resolution of any sort.
But we have also to keep in mind that the cast is really exploding this season. Rushing things along while introducing new characters could very well make it impossible for the non-book audience to follow the story. Not just at KL but also in all the other locations as well.
3852	protar	2013-04-10	Yes, because they don't want to get to the Purple Wedding this season. And because they want to make Margaery Tyrell a major character.The Sansa plot could have easily been in season 2. In fact, the whole mystery about who might be the person behind Dontos (if there was any) could have been interesting. There would have been no need to put this plot in the spotlight in season 2, all they needed to do was establish it. Instead, they felt they had to continue the Littlefinger-real-Cat obsession thing, which was set up clumsily and had not a very good climax or resolution of any sort.But we have also to keep in mind that the cast is really exploding this season. Rushing things along while introducing new characters could very well make it impossible for the non-book audience to follow the story. Not just at KL but also in all the other locations as well.But surely if they're slowing down the plot artificially to push back the PW to S4, then that suggests that at an ordinary pace the PW would fit in, suggesting that it would actually be logical to put it as the finale. Now obviously I don't know what goes through D+D's head but I would wager that they agreed the PW wouldn't be this season and then worked the entire plot around that fact. But what they should be doing imo is plotting the KL story out from the start with an open mind, and seeing where it ends.Personally I think they were right to not have the Dontos plot in S2. I just don't think it's compelling enough to cover 2 whole seasons. In the books things are different, readers tend to be more patient than watchers. However I also agree that the LF/Cat stuff were stupid, but the two are not really intrinsically linked.KL has one new character introduced in this season, and one who is very memorable at that. I don't think that making the plot a bit faster would affect anyone's ability to remember the QOT. Personally I would have cast Mace and maybe even bought Oberyn in late into the season, but I can see why they've been delayed.
3853	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-10	Why would anyone want the PW in this series. RW is ep 09 there's not enough time to do it justice. Also the series really should end with the Lannisters sitting pretty letting viewers simmer over the RW for a year till the next season.
3854	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	Littlefinger's obsession with Cat and the lack of the Dontos plot in season 2 are intrinsically linked because it would make no sense for Littlefinger to abdicate/save Sansa, if he actually is still hoping to gain the affection of her mother.
As to the Dontos plot in season 2:
If they had kept Littlefinger at KL where he belonged until after Renly's death. If he had been made a Lannister envoy by both Cersei and Tyrion after they learned of Renly's demise and the fact that the Tyrells did not declare for Stannis, then the Dontos plot could have been introduced rather late in season 2. All they would have needed to do was to postpone Littlefinger's note until he left KL for Highgarden. There could have been only one or two scenes with Dontos in season 2.
Right now it's still possible that season 3 might actually show us the gestation process of the poisoning plot. It was already agreed upon between Olenna and Littlefinger in ASoS how this was going to happen, all the Queen of Thorns did was to ensure that they were intending to do the right thing (that's why they were questioning Sansa).
And as I've tried to tell before, they seem to continue they habit of inventing additional scenes. There will be a scene with Varys and Olenna, Olenna and Tywin, Tywin and Pycelle, hopefully scenes involving Tywin and Cersei privately, and so on. And finally season 3 is going to give us stuff severely missed in season 2: Varys telling Tyrion how he got cut in Myr.
3855	serconjay	2013-04-10	Possible Spoiler to people who haven't read the books {i dunno how to use the Spoiler brackets, lol}
I think the PW might be this season is because:
One of the videos released before the season premiere, was about the creators and storytellers discussing how they storyboard each season..  Making sure all characters have a good arc for each season; if the PW isn't this season, then why would Sansa's first scene in the premiere be with LF plotting to escape which doesn't happen until the PW.  I think her escape would be a great arc and it definately sets up the LF storyline.
3856	mafalda	2013-04-10	I don't understand why some people still seem to think that the PW will be happening this season. For many reasons..
Book 3 is a large book to cover. Therefore, it would take roughly two seasons. Why have two very large events (RW AND PW) in the same season? What will be left for next season?
If you look at the episode titles, The Rains of Castamere is episode 9. We all know that was the song that was played during the massacre at the RW, therefore eppy 9 will be the RW. Since PW comes after RW, I doubt it will happen in eppy 10..
None of the Dornish have been casted yet, and it's crucial for Oberyn to be present at the PW since he is a witness.
I personally think that book 3 could have been covered in one season, if you cut out all the bullshit, like Bronn hanging out with strange voiced prostitutes and whatnot. It's a lot of material to cover but it could have been done in one season. Though I'm not 100 % sure how long ASOIAF spans, year wise, I'm interested to see how they handle all the kid's growth spurts.. especially Bran's!
3857	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	Aidan Gillen has already said that he is going to have a ship in season 4. Season 4, not season 3, so Sansa's escape is not going to happen this season.
And, in fact, if they are not stupid they pull the plug on this Littlefinger escape thing as soon as possible. Littlefinger indicates that he would take Sansa with him when he leaves for the Vale. But Sansa is going to decline this because she will be secretly betrothed to a Tyrell. TV Littlefinger most likely will be pissed about this, and may even cut all ties to Sansa after/when he tells Tywin about the Tyrell plot and arranges the Tyrion-Sansa-marriage.
Since there is no Dontos in the show, it may very well be that Ros may end up getting Sansa out of the castle during the Purple Wedding. They could arrange it as if Ros does no longer work for Littlefinger at this time, making it still somewhat a surprise when she delivers Sansa to him, and is subsequently killed (perhaps because Littlefinger finds out that she has betrayed him to Varys).
3858	mafalda	2013-04-10	I do feel like they are slowing down the King's Landing storyline but speeding up the rest. We were well into Arya's storyline before the Hound sees her. I remember it was shortly before the RW, because after he wins his trial, he leaves then comes back to kidnap her to take her to Cat for an award. I know Arya's story won't be in every episode this season because of the expanded cast, but I just still thought that was strange.
3859	protar	2013-04-10	Littlefinger's obsession with Cat and the lack of the Dontos plot in season 2 are intrinsically linked because it would make no sense for Littlefinger to abdicate/save Sansa, if he actually is still hoping to gain the affection of her mother.As to the Dontos plot in season 2:If they had kept Littlefinger at KL where he belonged until after Renly's death. If he had been made a Lannister envoy by both Cersei and Tyrion after they learned of Renly's demise and the fact that the Tyrells did not declare for Stannis, then the Dontos plot could have been introduced rather late in season 2. All they would have needed to do was to postpone Littlefinger's note until he left KL for Highgarden. There could have been only one or two scenes with Dontos in season 2.Right now it's still possible that season 3 might actually show us the gestation process of the poisoning plot. It was already agreed upon between Olenna and Littlefinger in ASoS how this was going to happen, all the Queen of Thorns did was to ensure that they were intending to do the right thing (that's why they were questioning Sansa).And as I've tried to tell before, they seem to continue they habit of inventing additional scenes. There will be a scene with Varys and Olenna, Olenna and Tywin, Tywin and Pycelle, hopefully scenes involving Tywin and Cersei privately, and so on. And finally season 3 is going to give us stuff severely missed in season 2: Varys telling Tyrion how he got cut in Myr.I do mostly agree with you here so I'm not sure what the argument is. I wouldn't have minded for example setting up the Dontos plot fairly late in the season and maybe end Sansa's arc with hope of escape (Maybe even the hairnet.).
3860	Kienn	2013-04-10	PW was in the second half of Storm of Swords (so is RW just barely..). Not a chance we see PW before season 4.
3861	Sun	2013-04-10	I don't think the KL plot has been particularly slow. Episode 2 was about introducing new characters ins some locations, and establishing the new dynamic in others. That was the function of the episode and it was achieved. In order for an Ep to flow, the different storylines in one episode need to have a common, if very subtle, beat about them. They don't always manage it on this show, but they did in ep2 and that's why it flowed so seamlessly.I think it's unreasonable to expect PW in this season. Like I said in another thread, you can not have 3 weddings in the span of 4 - 5 episode without it seeming one-tone and slightly ridiculous to the audience. 3 weddings and a zombie jokes, anyone? It's the reason they rushed Robb's wedding into S2.Possible Spoiler to people who haven't read the books {i dunno how to use the Spoiler brackets, lol}I think the PW might be this season is because:One of the videos released before the season premiere, was about the creators and storytellers discussing how they storyboard each season..  Making sure all characters have a good arc for each season; if the PW isn't this season, then why would Sansa's first scene in the premiere be with LF plotting to escape which doesn't happen until the PW.  I think her escape would be a great arc and it definately sets up the LF storyline.Sansa'a Arc will be about her losing the chance to runaway with LF when Tywin forces her to marry Tyrion. OR her arc will be about her turning down, at Shae's urging, LF's offer to runaway in order to marry a Tyrell (Loras probably) and then LF squealing to Tywin, who forces her to marry Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 10 April 2013 - 08:51 AM.
3862	protar	2013-04-10	I don't think the KL plot has been particularly slow. Episode 2 was about introducing new characters ins some locations, and establishing the new dynamic in others. That was the function of the episode and it was achieved. In order for an Ep to flow, the different storylines in one episode need to have a common, if very subtle, beat about them. They don't always manage it on this show, but they did in ep2 and that's why it flowed so seamlessly.I think it's unreasonable to expect PW in this season. Like I said in another thread, you can not have 3 weddings in the span of 4 - 5 episode without it seeming one-tone and slightly ridiculous to the audience. 3 weddings and a zombie jokes, anyone? It's the reason they rushed Robb's wedding into S2.I'm not sure what this "flowing seamlessly" is in E2. I thought that, especially at the beginning it was very disjointed and jumping all over the place. We were back to the clip-show formula of S2. It improved slightly as the episode progressed but I think that E2 failed in regards to keeping everything flowing and well paced.And sure you can have three weddings in a season. A 6-8-10 punch would have been perfect. It's a theme for the series, the rule of three is always good and of course each wedding is very different. It wouldn't have seemed one tone.
3863	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	My overall feeling of season 2 was that we got way too much scenes which hang completely in the air (the brothel Ros scene, for instance), don't lead to anything (Cersei slapping Joffrey; Littlefinger and Cersei), or are repetitive and boring (Tywin and Arya, Xaro telling again and again how poor he was).
The feeling about a disjointed story cannot be mended. Many stories and characters in ASoIaF don't have anything to do with each other. This inevitably is reflected in the show one way or the other.
What really felt rushed and out of the place in season 2 was the introduction of Stannis. By putting him in the middle of the episode instead of trying to recreate the special feeling of a Prologue before the credits, they made it much more difficult to give the audience a sense of this new character(s).
As to the Purple Wedding in the final episode:
I still don't see how this could have worked. Not without causing major problems for the story in King's Landing in season 4. And I do consider the whole suggestions about 'Oberyn meeting Tyrion while he is imprisoned' or not killing Tywin in the final episode of season 4 major problems.
I honestly think ASoS could have been adapted better in one season than with the Purple Wedding as final episode of season 4.
Oh, and yes: Sansa's arc this season will have little to do with Littlefinger, and mostly concern her relationship to Shae, the Tyrells, and, of course, Tyrion. In the end she will be Lady Lannister, and the only known child of Eddard Stark that is still alive. That is something. And we should also keep in mind that this whole arc talk is mostly just talks, especially in a show such as this. There are way too many characters on screen to give each and everyone of the major characters an arc.
3864	Joyful Union	2013-04-10	I'm not sure what this "flowing seamlessly" is in E2. I thought that, especially at the beginning it was very disjointed and jumping all over the place. We were back to the clip-show formula of S2. It improved slightly as the episode progressed but I think that E2 failed in regards to keeping everything flowing and well paced.And sure you can have three weddings in a season. A 6-8-10 punch would have been perfect. It's a theme for the series, the rule of three is always good and of course each wedding is very different. It wouldn't have seemed one tone.And the book doesn't do that? There's little other way that they can do the show, they already cut out several major characters from both the first and second episodes. How else could they do it without cutting out whole arcs for several weeks?
3865	protar	2013-04-10	My overall feeling of season 2 was that we got way too much scenes which hang completely in the air (the brothel Ros scene, for instance), don't lead to anything (Cersei slapping Joffrey; Littlefinger and Cersei), or are repetitive and boring (Tywin and Arya, Xaro telling again and again how poor he was).I agree here, and I'm seeing a lot of these again in KL for S3. It's not across the board and overall I think that S3 is a step up from S2 so far.The feeling about a disjointed story cannot be mended. Many stories and characters in ASoIaF don't have anything to do with each other. This inevitably is reflected in the show one way or the other.I think you misunderstood me. I'm not necessarily talking about the fact that many plot lines are unconnected to one another, I'm talking about the jumping swiftly from one plot to another and back again in E2, whereas E1 gave us more time in one go with each plot.What really felt rushed and out of the place in season 2 was the introduction of Stannis. By putting him in the middle of the episode instead of trying to recreate the special feeling of a Prologue before the credits, they made it much more difficult to give the audience a sense of this new character(s).I agree here. I think that a condensed version of the prologue would have worked very well but I can see why they avoided it. The COK prologue lends itself less well to an impactful opening than the AGOT prologue does. It's a lot longer, less action packed and introduces a lot of characters. However a brief scene of Davos and Cressen talking, followed by the feast and introduction to Stannis and Melisandre would have worked imo.As to the Purple Wedding in the final episode:I still don't see how this could have worked. Not without causing major problems for the story in King's Landing in season 4. And I do consider the whole suggestions about 'Oberyn meeting Tyrion while he is imprisoned' or not killing Tywin in the final episode of season 4 major problems.I honestly think ASoS could have been adapted better in one season than with the Purple Wedding as final episode of season 4.One solution would have been to actually cast Oberyn for this season. He could easily have been bought in for episode 7, giving him nearly half a season (4 episodes) to make an impact and be set up as a suspect for the PW.As for Tywin dying in E9 instead of 10 I've said many times why I personally think that would be the best route. While it's not the best conclusion for Tyrion's arc, having Tyrion arrive at Pentos is best for the plot as a whole, setting up Dany to actually be a part of the main story for the first time.
3866	Lord Varys	2013-04-10	On that disjointed thing:
Actually, I think revisiting the same location/characters in the same can work. It's a good way to show that some time has passed (between Arya meeting the Brotherhood and the inn, for example, or between Jaime and Brienne meeting the farmer and the duel/capture scene at the end). But this only works if the characters have something to do in those episodes.
But what really seems to give the feeling as if it's not happening all that much is that we only get a fraction of the major KL characters in the multiple scenes. As of yet we got no Small Council session, despite the fact that this could have been used to (re-)introduce many of the characters and their relationships to one another. We could have gotten Tywin, Cersei, Joffrey, Varys, Littlefinger, and Pycelle all in one scene. They could even have included Margaery and/or Olenna in such scene. I guess they might do something like that in the very near future, but KL is mostly all about politics, and most of that is happening on the council. I also wonder why Tywin was not taking dinner with Cersei, Joffrey, and the Tyrells. Sure, he rules the Realm, but you still dine with the King from time to time...
On Tywin's death: It's not that important in which episode he dies, but if the Purple Wedding were to happen this season, I just can't see Tywin dying in the end of season 4. More like episode 4 or so. They cannot possible have Tyrion in the dungeons for an entire season, nor can they drag out Tywin remaining in charge for nearly an entire season after Joffrey's death. None of the Lannister would have anything to do in that season if they would try to do this. I don't see any need to put all that much episodes between the Purple Wedding and Tywin's death. Which is why I still hope to get Joff's death in episode 4 of season 4.
3867	Sun	2013-04-10	I'm not sure what this "flowing seamlessly" is in E2. I thought that, especially at the beginning it was very disjointed and jumping all over the place. We were back to the clip-show formula of S2. It improved slightly as the episode progressed but I think that E2 failed in regards to keeping everything flowing and well paced.And sure you can have three weddings in a season. A 6-8-10 punch would have been perfect. It's a theme for the series, the rule of three is always good and of course each wedding is very different. It wouldn't have seemed one tone.Well... I can only say that I strongly disagree with you, on both points.
3868	protar	2013-04-10	On that disjointed thing:Actually, I think revisiting the same location/characters in the same can work. It's a good way to show that some time has passed (between Arya meeting the Brotherhood and the inn, for example, or between Jaime and Brienne meeting the farmer and the duel/capture scene at the end). But this only works if the characters have something to do in those episodes.But what really seems to give the feeling as if it's not happening all that much is that we only get a fraction of the major KL characters in the multiple scenes. As of yet we got no Small Council session, despite the fact that this could have been used to (re-)introduce many of the characters and their relationships to one another. We could have gotten Tywin, Cersei, Joffrey, Varys, Littlefinger, and Pycelle all in one scene. They could even have included Margaery and/or Olenna in such scene. I guess they might do something like that in the very near future, but KL is mostly all about politics, and most of that is happening on the council. I also wonder why Tywin was not taking dinner with Cersei, Joffrey, and the Tyrells. Sure, he rules the Realm, but you still dine with the King from time to time...On Tywin's death: It's not that important in which episode he dies, but if the Purple Wedding were to happen this season, I just can't see Tywin dying in the end of season 4. More like episode 4 or so. They cannot possible have Tyrion in the dungeons for an entire season, nor can they drag out Tywin remaining in charge for nearly an entire season after Joffrey's death. None of the Lannister would have anything to do in that season if they would try to do this. I don't see any need to put all that much episodes between the Purple Wedding and Tywin's death. Which is why I still hope to get Joff's death in episode 4 of season 4.Well I agree entirely with the first part of your post, so nothing to say there.As to the PW. I've done several projections of a a S4 that follows up a PW in S3 E10 and I (obviously as they're my projections.) feel that it can be done. Keep in mind that there is plenty of potential material going on in KL besides Tyrion's trial. Jaime and Cersei are falling out, the Tyrells are exerting power over Tommen and Oberyn will be at court, possibly sparring with Mace. This is the case regardless of whether the PW is in late S3 or early S4.
3869	Loras	2013-04-10	Well I agree entirely with the first part of your post, so nothing to say there.As to the PW. I've done several projections of a a S4 that follows up a PW in S3 E10 and I (obviously as they're my projections.) feel that it can be done. Keep in mind that there is plenty of potential material going on in KL besides Tyrion's trial. Jaime and Cersei are falling out, the Tyrells are exerting power over Tommen and Oberyn will be at court, possibly sparring with Mace. This is the case regardless of whether the PW is in late S3 or early S4.i find it quite difficult to comprehend that in this thread you are advocating moving the PW to episode 10, which would leave Tyrion in prison for the majority of a season - but in the Books 4/5 thread you are wanting the showrunners to press fast forward on Tyrion's storyline?It is clear from how this season has been set up, that the major story in King's Landing is going to be about Margaery exerting her influence on Joffrey.  We agreed on this up-thread.  The Tyrells have been firmly established over these two episodes - which is very important.I think that the big turning point in Episode 10 will be that Margaery cannot control Joffrey's behaviour after the Red Wedding regarding Sansa.  I think that she will see that he could turn on her, which will then lead to setting up the PW in the next season.The PW is a big event leading to a climax at the end of the novel - the power shift and Tyrion leaving King's Landing.  it doesn't work well as a climax in itself.
3870	protar	2013-04-10	i find it quite difficult to comprehend that in this thread you are advocating moving the PW to episode 10, which would leave Tyrion in prison for the majority of a season - but in the Books 4/5 thread you are wanting the showrunners to press fast forward on Tyrion's storyline?Yes, because each season and subplot must be taken on an individual basis. Tyrion's ADWD arc needs to be sped up I think so that we can finish of S5 with the battle of fire. The situation is quite different.It is clear from how this season has been set up, that the major story in King's Landing is going to be about Margaery exerting her influence on Joffrey.  We agreed on this up-thread.  The Tyrells have been firmly established over these two episodes - which is very important.I think that the big turning point in Episode 10 will be that Margaery cannot control Joffrey's behaviour after the Red Wedding regarding Sansa.  I think that she will see that he could turn on her, which will then lead to setting up the PW in the next season.So wouldn't the perfect climax for that be the PW?The PW is a big event leading to a climax at the end of the novel - the power shift and Tyrion leaving King's Landing.  it doesn't work well as a climax in itself.Yes it does. Every thing in KL builds up to it. It's simply a climax which also creates new avenues for the story to go down which makes sense because it's part way through a very long series.And honestly given how the forum is divided pretty much evenly on the matter I think that we can assume the show only fans would be fine with either option and wouldn't miss the other one. My main problem now is that D+D don't seem to be pacing Kings Landing very well imo. Maybe I should have named this thread "the pacing in Kings Landing." to avoid turning this into another PW thread.
3871	Joyful Union	2013-04-10	Yes, because each season and subplot must be taken on an individual basis. Tyrion's ADWD arc needs to be sped up I think so that we can finish of S5 with the battle of fire. The situation is quite different.Definitely. You could easily cut 50% of everything Tyrion does without losing anything important (the Greyscale men, many of the Pentos scenes), and allow the climax of the season to take place too as an added bonus.
3872	Silverx2	2013-04-10	i thought the RW happened before Sansa and Tyrion wed. the big thing was that with Robb dead Sansa was now the heir to Winterfell since bran and Rickon are considered KIA.
3873	Loras	2013-04-10	Yes it does. Every thing in KL builds up to it. It's simply a climax which also creates new avenues for the story to go down which makes sense because it's part way through a very long series.Joffrey's death doesn't have a huge impact on the political layout of King's Landing.  It provides the vehicle for Tyrion and Sansa's stories through the second half of ASOS.It is not as game changing as the Red Wedding because the Lannisters have Tommen as a back up.  There is still a King on the Iron Throne, he is still a Lannister.The real change, which is felt all the way through the books (nearly every character arc discusses it at some point) is the death of Tywin Lannister.  His death is a major event and is much more important than Joffrey's - both in terms of character development and plot movement.  After Joffrey's death, the momentum is building to Tyrion's death or Tyrion's revenge.Very few people will actually care about Joff's death when it looks like Tyrion is going to go down for it.  It is instantly satisfying but has massive repercussions.  They shouldn't move it out of context but putting a years gap between the event and the repercussions.. My main problem now is that D+D don't seem to be pacing Kings Landing very well imo. Maybe I should have named this thread "the pacing in Kings Landing." to avoid turning this into another PW thread.This was always going to happen when you are implying that the KL has been deliberately stalled to ensure that the PW is not in the season.Though when you compare the opening episodes of Season 2, 'The North Remembers' and 'The Nightlands' to the opening episodes of season 3, I don't think that your argument really stand up.Episode 2.01 - 'The North Remembers'::- Tyrion arrives in KL and interrupts Joffrey's birthday celebrations.  (Joff is being cruel - something that was established at the end of S1 when he showed Sansa poor dead Ned + removing Marillion's tongue.)- Cersei gives Tyrion an exposition recap of the climax of S1. (Granted I love this scene).- Shae and Tyrion settle into the Tower of the Hand. ("We have come to a dangerous place.")- Cersei and Littlefinger have their tete-a-tete regarding power.- Cersei and Joffrey clash in the Throne room.- Robert's bastards are murdered. (Really amazing sequence).Episode 2.02 - 'The Nightlands':- Varys/Tyrion relationship is established.- Cersei refuses Robb's peace terms.- Tyrion exiles Janos Slynt to the Wall.- Cersei reveals that she didn't order the murder of Robert's bastards and Joffrey did.Looking at those two episodes, we see that Tyrion establishes himself in King's Landing and firmly in power.  Cersei loses control of Joffrey again.  The scene between Cersei and Littlefinger doesn't really go anywhere.  The friendship between Varys and Tyrion is established too.Compare that to this season.  We are introduced (properly) to a whole new set of characters, the Tyrells.  Ones that don't have a lot of power because they are women.  We see Margaery deftly playing the game - with the orphans and later with Joffrey.  We see the start of a friendship between Margaery and Sansa.  Margaery has already manipulated Joffrey (the first time anyone has managed to do this since the beginning of the show).  The rivalry between Cersei and Margaery is established. As well as the whole thing with Ros/Littlefinger/Sansa/Shae.  Tyrion knows he won't receive his birthright and cracks are showing in his relationship with Shae.Compared to S2, the S3 KL arc seems to be looking forward in these first two episodes rather than backwards.
3874	protar	2013-04-10	Joffrey's death doesn't have a huge impact on the political layout of King's Landing.  It provides the vehicle for Tyrion and Sansa's stories through the second half of ASOS.It is not as game changing as the Red Wedding because the Lannisters have Tommen as a back up.  There is still a King on the Iron Throne, he is still a Lannister.The real change, which is felt all the way through the books (nearly every character arc discusses it at some point) is the death of Tywin Lannister.  His death is a major event and is much more important than Joffrey's - both in terms of character development and plot movement.  After Joffrey's death, the momentum is building to Tyrion's death or Tyrion's revenge.Very few people will actually care about Joff's death when it looks like Tyrion is going to go down for it.  It is instantly satisfying but has massive repercussions.  They shouldn't move it out of context but putting a years gap between the event and the repercussions.When analysed more deeply, Joffrey's death doesn't change much, but that doesn't mean it's not a dramatic cathartic event which would make for a very exciting finale whilst also opening up new plots. It is also when all the plotting in KL comes to a head, capping off the rivalry with Tyrion and Cersei, the Tyrell's gaining power, LF's scheming. It all comes together in this scene which is why I think it would have made an excellent climax.This was always going to happen when you are implying that the KL has been deliberately stalled to ensure that the PW is not in the season.Which is why I'm wondering if I should really have bought that up. It's a concern of mine but really it's not so important to me what was going through D+D's mind (which we can't really know short of them telling us.) but what the result is. I guess I should have focused on that.Though when you compare the opening episodes of Season 2, 'The North Remembers' and 'The Nightlands' to the opening episodes of season 3, I don't think that your argument really stand up.Episode 2.01 - 'The North Remembers'::- Tyrion arrives in KL and interrupts Joffrey's birthday celebrations.  (Joff is being cruel - something that was established at the end of S1 when he showed Sansa poor dead Ned + removing Marillion's tongue.)- Cersei gives Tyrion an exposition recap of the climax of S1. (Granted I love this scene).- Shae and Tyrion settle into the Tower of the Hand. ("We have come to a dangerous place.")- Cersei and Littlefinger have their tete-a-tete regarding power.- Cersei and Joffrey clash in the Throne room.- Robert's bastards are murdered. (Really amazing sequence).Episode 2.02 - 'The Nightlands':- Varys/Tyrion relationship is established.- Cersei refuses Robb's peace terms.- Tyrion exiles Janos Slynt to the Wall.- Cersei reveals that she didn't order the murder of Robert's bastards and Joffrey did.Looking at those two episodes, we see that Tyrion establishes himself in King's Landing and firmly in power.  Cersei loses control of Joffrey again.  The scene between Cersei and Littlefinger doesn't really go anywhere.  The friendship between Varys and Tyrion is established too.To me those scenes are all much more important and move the plot along more than the S3 scenes. The only scene where I would agree with you and say it's pointless is the LF/Cersei scene though you could argue it sets up the power theme for the entire season. I would argue it's stupid but there we are.All the other scenes are meaningful because they establish the dynamics that weren't there in S1. Now that we're much further into the show, most of the dynamics (Tyrion/Shae, Tyrion/Varys Joffrey/Cersei not getting on) have already been long established. We don't need scenes reestablishing them.Compare that to this season.  We are introduced (properly) to a whole new set of characters, the Tyrells.  Ones that don't have a lot of power because they are women.  We see Margaery deftly playing the game - with the orphans and later with Joffrey.  We see the start of a friendship between Margaery and Sansa.  Margaery has already manipulated Joffrey (the first time anyone has managed to do this since the beginning of the show).  The rivalry between Cersei and Margaery is established. As well as the whole thing with Ros/Littlefinger/Sansa/Shae.  Tyrion knows he won't receive his birthright and cracks are showing in his relationship with Shae.Compared to S2, the S3 KL arc seems to be looking forward in these first two episodes rather than backwards.I'd say that with the exception of Olenna we've already been thoroughly introduced to the Tyrells. We got to know Margaery well in season 2 even if she wasn't affecting the plot too much, and Loras has been developed as far back as season 1. And as I say, I thought that the Olenna scene was good, probably the best of the episode. So we're in agreement there.My complaint is mainly with episode 2 in case that wasn't made clear previously. And by episode 2, the rivalry between Cersei and Margaery has already been established, Marg is already starting to exert control over Joff, and we most certainly know that LF is up to know good with Sansa and that Shae is Sansa's BFF/ madly in love with Tyrion. Every single scene in KL E2 is a repeat of one of these. Now obviously each character dynamic must be touched on multiple times to be effective, but we're seeing very little progression in these dynamics with each scene. You can argue that this makes the show subtle and intelligent, but I don't think we have time for these baby steps. I'm always open to exceptions but my general preference in fiction is "cut to the chase."
					
					
							Edited by protar, 10 April 2013 - 01:50 PM.
3875	Joyful Union	2013-04-10	I'm always open to exceptions but my general preference in fiction is "cut to the chase."You must have hated Dance then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3876	protar	2013-04-10	You must have hated Dance then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I actually thought Dance was pretty good (Like I say I'm willing to find exceptions.) but Feast I didn't like too much. Although I was getting pretty frustrated towards the end: "What do you mean Tyrion hasn't got to Dany yet?!?" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3877	zaphodbrx	2013-04-10	Since no one has discussed this so far, I thought I would make a new thread.
So in this episode, we have the big reveal.. well reveal to the Northern bannermen anyway. Curiously enough, there seems to be very little backlash about it. 
In the show, Ironborn haven't captured Moat Cailin, Bolton's Bastard seems to have things in control up north. So what is the urgency to go back?
Also, we haven't seen any Frey soldier, and barely any Riverlands soldiers at all. Are they just generically called 'northmen'?
Anyway, Karstark's comment about Robb losing the war because of marrying her just has no context unless you've read the books. That's how I see it.
I don't subscribe to the 'Talisa is a spy' theory. But it is strange that no one from Camp Volantis ( or anyone on the bride's side ) has turned up so far. She did just marry a king you know.. 
Robb's uncle (aka Edmure) was mentioned for the first time. He says something like 'I need my uncle's soldiers' - so what, did he not have his support till know?
Discuss how things might plan out here..
3878	alisonhell	2013-04-08	Maybe I am putting to much into that scene but somehow it hit me like a hammer on the head when Jojen talked to Bran about the Rebellion ("Your father told you about the Rebellion? I saw it!"). Old man Reed saved Ned? Tower of Joy? Possibility that Joyen knows something about R + L = J?? Very intriguing I think! Or just some throw-away comment by the writers?
3879	Ser Milo of House Mog	2013-04-08	I think this is clear foreshadowing to the Tower of Joy.  I think the writers are trying to give us hints for when we get the reveal about Jon Snow's parentage.
3880	KSims1868	2013-04-08	I see lots of hints as well.  
I felt like the convo between Cat and Robb's wife (always forget her name) about Jon Snow seemed like a hint as well.  It was very different than how the books portrayed her relationship with Jon Snow, but I think it offers a hint to his parentage that she prayed/begged for Ned to let Jon Snow be a Stark and be done with it...but he wouldn't.  That seems (to me) like a hint that only someone as honorable as Ned would force a bastard name onto Jon knowing that if he allowed him to become a "Stark" it could destroy the future...which is the reason he (Jon) is in Winterfell to begin with.  Deep rooted secrets and honor can only be served if Jon Snow lives his young life as a bastard with the name "Snow".
3881	episodenone	2013-04-08	Is it actually possible this series will move faster than the books and we'll learn things like who Jon's parents are before he is able to publish the book?
I'm thinking yes.
3882	shiola	2013-04-08	He may know about it!  Interesting that his father never told him about it.  But we don't know a lot about Howland's personality, do we?OT I support the Good Ship Branjen (in an alternate world where they are both of age).  "I have seen the only thing that matters...  You." <3
3883	Cory	2013-04-08	Uhm, well perhaps I'm mistaken but jojen in the bOoks can't see everything and anything on command, he doesn't have "the sight" like bran. He's a greenseer gets bits and peices in flashes yes?
3884	Nymeria_Snow	2013-04-08	Is it actually possible this series will move faster than the books and we'll learn things like who Jon's parents are before he is able to publish the book?I'm thinking yes.I don't think they could do that. I think it's fair to say that revealing the biggest secret of the entire book series through the tv series would be not well received, or a smart idea....Even thinking about that, I think personally I'd be devastated. Nothing like the slow burn of reading a real reveal after working through all the books.
3885	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	Maybe I am putting to much into that scene but somehow it hit me like a hammer on the head when Jojen talked to Bran about the Rebellion ("Your father told you about the Rebellion? I saw it!"). Old man Reed saved Ned? Tower of Joy? Possibility that Joyen knows something about R + L = J?? Very intriguing I think! Or just some throw-away comment by the writers?Not throwaways at all.  A definitive nod to book-readers (many of whom...of us...grumbled about the lack of a Ned ToJ dream) and yes, also a clear, logical means to set up R + L = J.  Combine that with Barristan filling Dany in on Rhaegar, and we ToJ'ers might get our happy ending after all.
3886	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	Uhm, well perhaps I'm mistaken but jojen in the bOoks can't see everything and anything on command, he doesn't have "the sight" like bran. He's a greenseer gets bits and peices in flashes yes?No, they both have green dreams, which is what I'm guessing they're changing into the "sight." But Bran is a Warg also, therefore, more likely become a greenseer instead of just having green dreams
3887	King of Winters	2013-04-08	I jumped out my seat when they mentioned Howland saving Ned, I thought Bran was going to tell the story of fight at the ToJ but he didn't. With this hint maybe Jojen will tell Bram about it at the cave of the COTF.
3888	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	Also, I don't mind that its a three eyed raven instead of crow. it makes an easier connection with 
	Spoiler Bloodraven. I never got why he was called both Bloodraven, and three eyed crow.
3889	Lord_Baelish	2013-04-08	After they cut Jojen out of Season 2, they're going to have to give him a bit more in this series so viewers can get some sort of connection to him.
Aside: The actor who plays Jojen is fantastic. Hard to believe he's 25, though.
3890	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	After they cut Jojen out of Season 2, they're going to have to give him a bit more in this series so viewers can get some sort of connection to him.Aside: The actor who plays Jojen is fantastic. Hard to believe he's 25, though.yeah, I'd totally believe this Jojen is about the same age in the books.
3891	NeilSpoon	2013-04-08	Ps. The actor playing him is 23 y/o. (Whhhaaaaaaat?)
3892	Azhole Ahai	2013-04-08	I dont think wel learn the books biggest secrets watching the series, but I definetly see the show filling in a few blanks or hinting at events yet to pass.
3893	Prince of the North	2013-04-08	Also, I don't mind that its a three eyed raven instead of crow. it makes an easier connection with 
	Spoiler Bloodraven. I never got why he was called both Bloodraven, and three eyed crow. 
Crow and Raven because:
	Spoiler Bloodraven = raven, of course.  But "Three-Eyed Crow" because he was a Black Brother or "Crow" who had magical abilities or had opened his "third eye" - hence, the "Three-Eyed Crow"
ETA: But, I'm not gonna lie, it did trouble me a bit that:
	Spoiler Jojen said to Bran that he couldn't kill the raven because "it's you".

					
					
							Edited by Prince of the North, 08 April 2013 - 05:12 PM.
3894	ohpooratlas	2013-04-08	I am completely sold on the actor for Jojen (still not quite feeling Meera though.)  His scenes with Bran were some of my favorite in the episode.I missed the part where he said he saw the Rebellion, even if his father didn't tell him about it?  I remember him saying his father didn't tell him about it (which made me think that they wouldn't talk about the ToJ.  But obviously if he saw it in his dreams then there is hope!Also ... I don't remember Jojen saying the raven was Bran in his dream in the book.  Did this happen?  I found myself thinking "That's kind of a big spoiler, however subtle."
3895	Ser Luke.	2013-04-08	Really like the reference, also think the people who play Jojen and Meera are great in their roles.
3896	Silent Assassin	2013-04-08	Uhm, well perhaps I'm mistaken but jojen in the bOoks can't see everything and anything on command, he doesn't have "the sight" like bran. He's a greenseer gets bits and peices in flashes yes?I thought the same, in the book he can't see all that things but here is different, he say that saw the battle of the tower of Joy, i don't know what to think about it, also say that saw how die Ned, in the series has more vision that in the books
3897	shiola	2013-04-08	The actor playing Jojen is 22. Simple wikipedia search, guys.I love both Jojen and Meera.  Meera has only had a tiny bit of dialogue, but she delivered it very well.  It sold me on her.  I may like her more than Jojen, we'll have to see.
3898	NeilSpoon	2013-04-08	I am pretty sure the guy playing Bran said he was 23 in the Thronecast interview
3899	shiola	2013-04-08	Wikipedia gives his birthdate as may 16, 1990.  weird.  isaac is probably correct then, my apologies.
3900	Kasrith	2013-04-08	I jumped out my seat when they mentioned Howland saving Ned, I thought Bran was going to tell the story of fight at the ToJ but he didn't. With this hint maybe Jojen will tell Bram about it at the cave of the COTF.Bran won't tell us the story. If we hear it, it'll most likely be from Jojen. Although I'd doubt either ToJ or KotLT are getting in there. It's nice sometime to just have some of the lore kept in the book, with only little nods filtering into the show (Thoros singing RoC)
3901	-Ghost-	2013-04-08	Jojen and Meera were AWESOME. I've been waiting since season 2 for them to get here. Well worth the wait.
3902	Silverx2	2013-04-08	i heard the actor playing jojen was 55 when really hes 53
The person who said they were not sold on meera, better watch out cause shes right behind you with all the weapons.
meera is awesome in the books and the show.
3903	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-08	I think the descriptions of Jojens powers are a bit iffy. "Hey yeah, you have super powers, I have superpowers, its totally cool bro." Always got the sense that Jojen's green dreams weighed very heavily on him in the books. But here its not the case at all.And they are entering other peoples dreams now? So is the show now suggesting that was actually supposed to be Jon and Robb joining the dream too? Shrug.As for the "The 3-Eyed Raven is you!" bit. Thats...odd. Because as book readers know thats just not the case. But perhaps Jojen is just incorrectly assuming so because the 3-eyed crow has visited him specifically to send him to Bran.    
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 08 April 2013 - 06:56 PM.
3904	ebcarlton	2013-04-08	Perhaps he means Bran becomes the next three eyed raven?
3905	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-08	I think the descriptions of Jojens powers are a bit iffy. "Hey yeah, you have super powers, I have superpowers, its totally cool bro." Always got the sense that Jojen's green dreams weighed very heavily on him in the books. But here its not the case at all.And they are entering other peoples dreams now? So is the show now suggesting that was actually supposed to be Jon and Robb joining the dream too? Shrug.As for the "The 3-Eyed Raven is you!" bit. Thats...odd. Because as book readers know thats just not the case. But perhaps Jojen is just incorrectly assuming so because the 3-eyed crow has visited him specifically to send him to Bran.    I mentioned this in another thread, but I think the identity of the three-eyed crow is something book readers can debate, however tenuous some of those conclusions might be.I will give the show a few more episodes to flesh out the nature of Jojen's powers, as well as Jojen's powers vis-a-vis Bran's.  But I, too, share your concerns that Jojen's visions don't appear to be weighing on him.  It does seem clear that the show will dumb things down and not differentiate between greendreams and greenseeing.
3906	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-08	Perhaps he means Bran becomes the next three eyed raven?Well we do know that the current one is looking to retire pretty soon /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3907	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	Spoiler Jojen said to Bran that he couldn't kill the raven because "it's you".
Also ... I don't remember Jojen saying the raven was Bran in his dream in the book.  Did this happen?  I found myself thinking "That's kind of a big spoiler, however subtle."It is a greendream. Remember how they aren't 100% accurate? Can't take everything in a literal meaning. Robb and Jon are not seeing this dream, it's a memory from season one.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 08 April 2013 - 10:26 PM.
3908	int11	2013-04-08	I think the descriptions of Jojens powers are a bit iffy. "Hey yeah, you have super powers, I have superpowers, its totally cool bro." Always got the sense that Jojen's green dreams weighed very heavily on him in the books. But here its not the case at all.My thoughts exactly.Also, I think the aspect of skinchanging has been handed pretty well in the previous seasons -- with subtlety, which I think is very important -- but they kind of went full on with the super powers in this episode.
3909	TheDarkOne	2013-04-08	The kid playing Jojen reminds me of Malcolm McDowell.
3910	Prince of the North	2013-04-08	It is a greendream. Remember how they aren't 100% accurate? Can't take everything in a literal meaning. Robb and Jon are not seeing this dream, it's a memory from season one.I certainly hope you are right!  I just hope they aren't...
	Spoiler ...writing our friend Bloodraven aka the Three-Eyed Crow out of the series.  But I could totally see it happening what with all the character consolidation/elimination they admittedly have to do in order to adapt this story for the screen.
3911	Clariana	2013-04-09	I liked how the convo initiated between Bran and Jojen in their shared dream simply carried on when they met in RL.I also liked "I saw your father die... When I told my father, he cried..."
3912	Maester Ruin	2013-04-09	They cant Write out Bloodraven (this is a book spoiler thread no need to mark it as spoiler) considering how much time Bran spends in his lair and that he plays a major role in brans storyline. What is he going to do instead, just hang out in a cave for an entire season?
remember when bran asked Osha about the three eyed raven she said "They say al sorts of crazy stuff beyond the wall", implying that more people than Jojen and Bran has seen it.
3913	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-09	I didn't like the "because the raven is you" bit at the beginning. Thomas Sangster reminded me of mini-Voldemort from the HP movies when he first turned up. He had an almost malicious smile. But I thought he and Ellie Kendrick as Meera did well. They should be good.
3914	Reposado	2013-04-09	meera is awesome in the books and the show.based on?? about 40 seconds of bland?show jojen already looks like an improvement. he was very good. show meera hasn't brought anything to the table yet
3915	shiola	2013-04-09	based on?? about 40 seconds of bland?show jojen already looks like an improvement. he was very good. show meera hasn't brought anything to the table yet Rude, and false.  Re-watch her scenes.  The way she delivers her lines isn't bland.  Her little smile and laugh when talking to Osha had personality as well.  Meera for the win.
3916	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-09	I certainly hope you are right!  I just hope they aren't...
	Spoiler ...writing our friend Bloodraven aka the Three-Eyed Crow out of the series.  But I could totally see it happening what with all the character consolidation/elimination they admittedly have to do in order to adapt this story for the screen.
Writing out that character seems pretty impossible( did you notice season1 episode1) that they had enough foresight to have a crow/raven circling the direwolf pup when Bran falls?
3917	Prince of the North	2013-04-09	Writing out that character seems pretty impossible( did you notice season1 episode1) that they had enough foresight to have a crow/raven circling the direwolf pup when Bran falls?Hmm...I'm not so sure.  As I said, I certainly hope they don't and you're right that they couldn't actually write the crow/raven out but they could certainly write Bloodraven/The Three-Eyed Crow out and simply treat the crow/raven as a sort of spirit-guide for Bran.  This is what I'm afraid they will do.
					
					
							Edited by Prince of the North, 09 April 2013 - 04:32 PM.
3918	Winterz	2013-04-09	Jojen saw it but he doesn't really care about it. After all, the most important thing to him is Bran, not Jon.
This hints that the whole AAR prophecy may just be bs, regardless of the truth in R+L=J. Bran will be the one handling the WW.
3919	WinterKing	2013-04-09	I'd understand if they write out BR, but i'd not like it,becouse BrR is one of the most interesting characters, be in Dunk&Egg or in ADWD.
3920	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-09	I liked how the convo initiated between Bran and Jojen in their shared dream simply carried on when they met in RL.I also liked "I saw your father die... When I told my father, he cried..."Agree. I love the Jojen scenes with Bran. I wish they could have fit the speech in that Meera and Jojen gave to Bran during the Harvestfest. The 60 seconds they wasted on Joffrey's clothing would have given the Reeds enough time to say that glorious oath.
3921	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	I still have hope they'll say that oath... Whether its false hope or not
3922	DragonsHungry	2013-04-10	Jojen and Meera were my favorite parts of this episode, well maybe after Theon getting tortured, lol.
3923	BlackTalon	2013-04-10	Also, I don't mind that its a three eyed raven instead of crow. it makes an easier connection with 
	Spoiler Bloodraven. I never got why he was called both Bloodraven, and three eyed crow. 
he is called Bloodraven because of 
	Spoiler  the large vaguely bird-shaped red birthmark  on one side of his face and neck
3924	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-09	So who is gonna maim Jaime now that they got arrested by the Boltons? It would be very stupid of them to mutilate him as we know Roose will want Jaime unharmed. Could it be that D&D are removing that part all together?
					
					
							Edited by Frog One, 09 April 2013 - 10:09 AM.
3925	ysTooCool	2013-04-09	No you see in the trailer jaime screaming in pain, probably qyburn will do the cutting, it makes sense because in the shows the lannisters almost killed him and Robb saved him
3926	insertname	2013-04-09	They couldn't possibly remove it, though I'm really not sure who is gonna do it.
I guess Locke, since...who else?
3927	dttljs123	2013-04-09	It doesn't matter who cuts it of but more that the Hand does get cut off. Unlike tyrion's little scratch instead of losing a nose. I would think one of the Dreadfort men get bother beccause he can't rape Brienne and somehow Jaime's hand will end up off.
3928	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-09	I understand why they couldn't fully do the Bloody Mummers, but it is a loss, for sure.
There's no way they couldn't do Jaime's hand, though, because it is so incredibly important for his story development.
3929	KSims1868	2013-04-09	Yeah it has to come off.  I'm very interested to see how this looks.
3930	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-09	I don't see them dropping that part as well, it's a turning point in Jaime's plotline. I'm guessing one of his captors gets cute to please Roose Bolton or as somebody else suggested it could happen when he saves Brienne.
3931	Zman1863	2013-04-09	They've already got so many distinct bands of armed people running around the Riverlands that I fully understand why the Mummers were cut. It seems to me that the distinctive post that Theon was shackled to in addition to the prominent display of Bolton banners throughout the episode was meant to begin to lay out Bolton brutality, even if most TV viewers have not yet made the connection. Perhaps Roose wouldn't maim Jaime but it is perfectly believable that a subordinate like Locke would.
3932	Pellaeon	2013-04-09	Isn't Karstark staying at Harrenhal as well?
3933	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-09	^No, Karstark is marching with RobbLocke will probably maim Jaime after Jaime attempts to escape, or something. He will do it probably because Roose didn't order him not to - so this will put Roose in a tricky situation, just like he is in the books when Vargo maims Jaime.An overzealous Bolton bannerman doing the deed is not all that different than a sellsword hired by Bolton doing the deed
3934	eyeheartsansa	2013-04-09	umm, they looked like bloody mummers to me.
3935	valerio	2013-04-09	As for Hoat in the books, i think it will probably be shown as a Locke's own initiative ...
3936	Frumpus	2013-04-09	^No, Karstark is marching with RobbLocke will probably maim Jaime after Jaime attempts to escape, or something. He will do it probably because Roose didn't order him not to - so this will put Roose in a tricky situation, just like he is in the books when Vargo maims Jaime.An overzealous Bolton bannerman doing the deed is not all that different than a sellsword hired by Bolton doing the deedthis sounds the most plausible scenario to me. it's a lose-lose situation for book readers no matter what though. nothing is really ever going to be as plausible as Vargo Hoat doing the job but he ain't around.
3937	SerBearroll	2013-04-09	Jaime can lose his hand without Locke or Roose actively wanting it, simply by accident.
Some Bolton soldier or Locke tries to rape Brienne, Jaime attempts to save her and then some bloke stabs or cut Jaime's hand. With no Maester around they can't deal with the wound properly and by the time Locke gets them to Harrenhal it's so bad that Qyburn has to remove the entire hand.
That way Jaime loses his hand, House Bolton can't be blamed for it and they introduce Qyburn as a former Maester.
3938	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	Jaime can lose his hand without Locke or Roose actively wanting it, simply by accident.Some Bolton soldier or Locke tries to rape Brienne, Jaime attempts to save her and then some bloke stabs or cut Jaime's hand. With no Maester around they can't deal with the wound properly and by the time Locke gets them to Harrenhal it's so bad that Qyburn has to remove the entire hand.That way Jaime loses his hand, House Bolton can't be blamed for it and they introduce Qyburn as a former Maester.This actually seems...very plausible I had not thought of that. I was questioning why they would introduce Qybern at such an odd point (I was like WTF when it happened) but that would actually tie everything together quite well. Although to be honest the writers will go with something quick and extreme as they usually always do because this way is less dramatic.
3939	tito5601	2013-04-09	maybe locke will cut it off and than he hands jaime over to roose bolton, roose will kill locke for doing that
3940	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-08	I'm usually more the purist, but i really enjoyed the dialogue between Cersei and Joff during his cloth fitting.
I would have loved to read more about their relationship in the books, but we didn't get a pov of either of them back then.
3941	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	Yeah it was a nice little scene, just like in season 1 where they discuss Sansa and the North. I hope we get a couple more of these before the big wedding, for obvious reasons.
3942	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-08	It was a great scene. All of Jack Gleason's scenes were incredible.  He is quite an actor.
3943	Mulled Wino	2013-04-08	Gleason is great. 
I'm not digging Cersei's helplessness too much, but I can deal with it.
3944	shiola	2013-04-08	I thought Joffrey was better than Cersei in that scene, acting wise.  Cersei seems like she's giving up on Joffrey which isn't the impression I got from the books.
In either case, I love that we see her grip slipping.  Joffrey is still the bloodthirsty monster which is good to be reminded of, because he was actually kind of okay last week.
3945	Lady Octarina	2013-04-08	Excellent scene. I love it when they make us feel bad for Cersei having to deal with the monster she created, but no matter how much of a brat he is she never seems to lose faith in him. Poor woman...
3946	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-08	Good scene which built upon last week's outstanding dinner with the Tyrells.  I especially liked how Joff came to Margaery's defense when Cersei began to undermine her - very believable dialogue between a mother continually losing control over her rebellious son.I'm not digging Cersei's helplessness too much, but I can deal with it.Not too different from the book at this point.  Tywin has all the real power now in KL and Cersei fears to lose Joff to the Tyrells.  Her loss of power and complete lack of support was the root of her precipitous downfall later on, and I think the series is doing a great job mirroring that.
3947	Loras	2013-04-08	"It looks like a Tyrell rose.  Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown - it should be more than enough fabric."
I love Cersei, in both the book and the show - but this line is a cracker.  
I really enjoyed this scene as well, Taylor has captured the dynamic between them really well.
3948	stiff_pirates	2013-04-08	"It looks like a Tyrell rose.  Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown - it should be more than enough fabric."I love Cersei, in both the book and the show - but this line is a cracker.  I really enjoyed this scene as well, Taylor has captured the dynamic between them really well.I didn't really get the fabric joke. Was it just that Margaery is scantilly clad compared to the clothes Cersei/Sansa wear?
3949	Mr Smith	2013-04-08	Yeah it was a nice little scene, just like in season 1 where they discuss Sansa and the North. I hope we get a couple more of these before the big wedding, for obvious reasons.I'm glad that you brought up the scene from season 1, I think its a great parallel to observe how the relationship between the two of them has changed.
3950	Lord Damian	2013-04-08	They are truely playing up the "Joff is a monster" in the show. In the books, though, Cersei is not afraid of him, she is constantly on his side, except when Ned was  killed in Season one, that was the only time she spoke against.
3951	TheDarkOne	2013-04-08	By far, Joff is the best character on the show. Funny, cool, great acting, every scene with Joff is always the best. Wouldn't mind them deviating from the books and keeping him on the show. For me, the Purple Wedding was the saddest most shocking part of the books.
3952	StarkDragon	2013-04-09	By far, Joff is the best character on the show. Funny, cool, great acting, every scene with Joff is always the best. Wouldn't mind them deviating from the books and keeping him on the show. For me, the Purple Wedding was the saddest most shocking part of the books.Ok, I'll bite."And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a Rose."Not too different from the book at this point.  Tywin has all the real power now in KL and Cersei fears to lose Joff to the Tyrells.  Her loss of power and complete lack of support was the root of her precipitous downfall later on, and I think the series is doing a great job mirroring that. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3953	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-09	By far, Joff is the best character on the show.The best moments in season one were when Joff got slapped around. One time even twice in the same episode by Tyrion. Fun times.
3954	Tony Soprano	2013-04-09	Jack Gleeson is a great actor, especially in this scene. I don't mind these kind of story expansions at all, as long as they don't mess with the canon too much.
3955	SerMixalot	2013-04-09	I think the Cersei Joffrey dynamic is great and very believable and will take a very interesting turn when Tywin asserts his power over the both of them.
3956	KingWolf	2013-04-08	Do you think they can make Ramsay more evil than Joffrey or just as evil considering how evil they made Joff in s2?
3957	Pixi Penrose	2013-04-08	Yes, Ramsay is in a league of his own.
3958	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	I wonder if he'll be better *liked* while still being more evil, b/c he'll probably be charismatic and more interesting than Joffrey ... although Joffrey seems to be getting more interesting this season.
3959	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-04-08	I honestly think Joff was considerably less of an asshole these first two episodes, but yeah, they'll make Ramsay worse than Joff, no doubt.
Joff will still be hated more though.
3960	Hellfell	2013-04-08	Joff is a little cub compared to the feral embodiment of insane evil that is Ramsey
3961	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-08	I wonder if he'll be better *liked* while still being more evil, b/c he'll probably be charismatic and more interesting than Joffrey ... although Joffrey seems to be getting more interesting this season.He'll be "liked" because Rheon is a decent looking guy, and a great actor. Handsome villains are always popular -- one with daddy issues, a massive obsession with another decent looking male character, and a confident, megalomaniacal demeanor? Yeah, Ramsay's going to be popular.Gleeson is pretty handsome too, but Joff is a pretty childish character at his core ("I'm telling Mother!" "Women belong in the kitchen!"). Ramsay is a very different kind of beast.I don't really mind though.
3962	KingWolf	2013-04-08	I can't wait to see people who hate Joffrey end up seeing Ramsay who is by far much worse because he isn't a coward and does all his torturing himself.
3963	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-08	While Joffrey is pretty close to pure evil, a big contributing factor to him being so disliked is his snobby, spoiled brat persona. He can sentence Ned to death or have Ilyn rip a mans tongue out with ease, but I don't think he'd be able to actually carry out any of these acts himself, as illustrated when he shit his pants in the battle of blackwater. 
Where he quivers in fear, Ramsay thrives. He's so much more sadistic and psychotic than Joffrey.  The things he does to people are so barbaric and over the top that, while he may surpass Joffrey in shittiness, people might not hate him as much because most people can't relate to his type of behavior. Joffs fear, ego, and disdain are traits the average viewer can relate to easier than the psychotic habits of madman. Most people have run into a fraud, spoiled brat shit heads like Joffrey before, but I don't think many have systematically had their psyche and skin turned inside out by someone.  People might be more shocked by Ramsay, and acknowledge that he's worse than Joff, but that might not necessarily lead to the hate that Joff gets.
3964	shiola	2013-04-08	Give Ramsay time.  He's going to fuck some stuff up.  Joffrey will look like Ser Pounce when all is said and done.  It is known.
3965	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-08	Gleeson is pretty handsome too, but Joff is a pretty childish character at his core ("I'm telling Mother!" "Women belong in the kitchen!"). Ramsay is a very different kind of beast.I don't really mind though.bookJoff is, because Joffrey is in fact a child. showJoffrey is a bit more older and more sadistic, as seen during season 2, the whole scenes with the whores, proving that Joffrey does have a sense of lust, but is driven by violence. I dont' recall Joffrey in the books being sexually turned on by anything: he does know how "the facts of life" work, but his threats to rape Sansa are just to torture her, nor because he honestly wants her.ETA: Cant' wait for the first official appearance of Ramsay and the tumblr reaction: "Ramsay-chan", fics about his tortured soul and nonsense like that. Oh, the yaoi... the yaoi!
					
					
							Edited by gammaerys, 08 April 2013 - 12:45 PM.
3966	Lady Octarina	2013-04-08	Oh, I'm sure he'll be more despised than Joff, even though people will fangirl over him more than they should. Thing is, Joffrey isn't that successful at hiding who he truly is, while Ramsay, this episode indicates, will go much deeper in betraying the one he'll later torture. And we've seen how competent they are with tortures on this show...ETA: Cant' wait for the first official appearance of Ramsay and the tumblr reaction: "Ramsay-chan", fics about his tortured soul and nonsense like that. Oh, the yaoi... the yaoi!I have half a mind to blacklist Ramsay now and avoid all that /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3967	Gonzalo	2013-04-08	The guy asking questions to Theon and who later begins flaying his finger: Skinner, right?
3968	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Joffrey sometimes looks like a fairy princess compared to Ramsey.
3969	KingWolf	2013-04-08	Yep what makes Ramsay worse is he is intellogent and takes delight in doing everything himself.
3970	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Ramsay is definitely way more dangerous in a visceral way than Joffrey, and that ... kind of makes him more interesting which sometimes translates into likeable. Like, you wouldn't want to meet him in a dark alley, but you are incredibly interested in reading about / watching him. Especially when portrayed by a cute guy /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 08 April 2013 - 01:33 PM.
3971	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Ramsay is definitely way more dangerous in a visceral way than Joffrey, and that ... kind of makes him more interesting which sometimes translates into likeable. Like, you wouldn't want to meet him in a dark alley, but you are incredibly interested in reading about / watching him. Especially when portrayed by a cute guy /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Cute guy or not, I can't help but feel angry towards him. More Gendry! And with Joffrey I feel like acting like his mother and slapping him, even though I'm only a year older than Jack.
3972	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Cute guy or not, I can't help but feel angry towards him. More Gendry!And with Joffrey I feel like acting like his mother and slapping him, even though I'm only a year older than Jack.I have very little interesting in Gendry TO EACH HER OWN. Hehe ... speaking of ages, I am constantly disturbed that I'm older than a lot of the attractive actors (i.e. Richard Madden, Kit Harington, etc.) ... COUGAR-ING IT UP.
3973	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	I have very little interesting in Gendry TO EACH HER OWN. Hehe ... speaking of ages, I am constantly disturbed that I'm older than a lot of the attractive actors (i.e. Richard Madden, Kit Harington, etc.) ... COUGAR-ING IT UP.*Strokes invisible moustache* haha! I'm a few years younger than most of them! /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3974	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	I honestly think Joff was considerably less of an asshole these first two episodes, but yeah, they'll make Ramsay worse than Joff, no doubt.Joff will still be hated more though.Margery has a taming effect on him, making him want to be more gallant, less of a bully.  I think he is honestly into her.Sansa had that effect on him at first, until Nymeria mauled him; after that he turned into a huge asshole.
3975	Nezzer	2013-04-08	I don't know if he will be more hated than Joffrey, because Joffrey is not only evil, but extremely annoying too. I've never found Ramsay annoying in the books, and I've never hated him more than Joffrey. He's a sick bastard, but I love to have him around as long as possible, I don't want him to die until the very end. Joffrey, on the other hand, is just a little shit and I wanted him to die right in the first book already. Ramsay is much more entertaining than Joffrey IMHO, and that's why I think he won't be more hated than Joffrey.
3976	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	Iwan Rheon is an IRL troll https://www.facebook.com/jen.rollins?ref=tn_tnmn#!/iwanrheon/posts/600436116633651 /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3977	Nezzer	2013-04-08	Iwan Rheon is an IRL troll https://www.facebook...600436116633651 /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />LOL is that his real page or just a fanmade one?
3978	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	A lot of you are saying Ramsay isn't the spoiled brat that Joffrey is.  On one hand, it's true that Ramsay has had a much, much harder life than Joff and sort of had to make a name for himself through hard work (such as it was).
But are you remembering the hilarious scenes with his disapproving father Roose in Book 5?  Ramsay comes across as an immature, whiny and brick-stupid little shit.  He's not that far off from Joffrey in those scenes.  He almost seems to be channeling Joff when he tells Roose it's better to be feared than loved and that he wants to skin Lady Dustin to make a pair of boots (to which Roose calmly replies that human skin makes inferior leather).
Ramsay is more capable of clever schemes, but at heart he's a bully, a sadist and a brat, no better than Joffrey.
3979	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-08	Iwan Rheon is an IRL troll https://www.facebook.com/jen.rollins?ref=tn_tnmn#!/iwanrheon/posts/600436116633651 /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Ha! A bunch of people were so confused. "Wait who were you?" Mwahahahahaha!
3980	Khal Pono	2013-04-08	LOL is that his real page or just a fanmade one?From what I can tell, that appears to be his actual FB page, not a fan page.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 08 April 2013 - 01:55 PM.
3981	BananaSpice	2013-04-08	From what I can tell, that appears to be his actual FB page, not a fan page.Yeah I'm pretty sure he runs his own facebook/twitter.
3982	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Joffrey to me is every asshole you've ever met all rolled into one and then turned up to 11.  So i feel like he will still be more hated. Ramsay is a creepy sick fuck, but not quite as many people personally know a creepy sick fuck.
3983	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	ETA: Cant' wait for the first official appearance of Ramsay and the tumblr reaction: "Ramsay-chan", fics about his tortured soul and nonsense like that. Oh, the yaoi... the yaoi!Oh god, that's why I stopped liking the Harry Potter fandom. The idiots who like fanfiction and Draco because of Tom Felton even though he was nothing more than a brat who bit off more than he could chew with the evil work. Actually he's a bit like bookJoffrey in terms of dimension.I read an HP fanfiction once and it was the dumbest thing I ever heard of. I refuse to look at any Ice&Fire fanfics.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 08 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
3984	KSims1868	2013-04-08	When Joffrey is being fitted with the new clothes and says, "NO flowers"...did anyone see flowers in that piece of cloth?  I backed it up and looked several times.  I don't understand what the heck he was bitching about...it wasn't flowers at all that I could tell.  Seems like a weird detail (I know), but why not just use a stupid floral pattern?
3985	LordStoneheart	2013-04-08	And also, the robe he wears right after looks like it has flowers, or at least vines and leaves. Maybe it's because I'm not into fashion at all, but I don't see much of difference..
3986	AelinorTarg	2013-04-08	Some said Ram's going to have lots of fangirls,for he is portrayed by an handsome actor,but as far as i remember,in the books,he looked quite distasteful in a lewd way.
3987	Sam with Hooters	2013-04-08	*Strokes invisible moustache* haha! I'm a few years younger than most of them! /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Y'know, you REALLY need to tell Selyse how to make HER mustache invisible. . .
3988	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-08	A lot of you are saying Ramsay isn't the spoiled brat that Joffrey is.  On one hand, it's true that Ramsay has had a much, much harder life than Joff and sort of had to make a name for himself through hard work (such as it was).But are you remembering the hilarious scenes with his disapproving father Roose in Book 5?  Ramsay comes across as an immature, whiny and brick-stupid little shit.  He's not that far off from Joffrey in those scenes.  He almost seems to be channeling Joff when he tells Roose it's better to be feared than loved and that he wants to skin Lady Dustin to make a pair of boots (to which Roose calmly replies that human skin makes inferior leather).Ramsay is more capable of clever schemes, but at heart he's a bully, a sadist and a brat, no better than Joffrey.This is a good point...He definitley has that element, especially when it concerns his last name..But for me at least, it gets trumped by his genuine desire for mutilation and destruction and the lengths he goes to fulfill them.
3989	Dragon Doll	2013-04-08	Joffrey's spoiled little sod.
Ramsay's a twisted dark freak of a man, who honestly scares me a little. George must have been having a bad day when he came up with him.
	Spoiler  he killed his true-born brother just so he would be his father's heir. 

He makes Joff look like Paris Hilton.
3990	Nezzer	2013-04-08	Joffrey's spoiled little sod.Ramsay's a twisted dark freak of a man, who honestly scares me a little. George must have been having a bad day when he came up with him.
	Spoiler  he killed his true-born brother just so he would be his father's heir. 
He makes Joff look like Paris Hilton.Yes, but Ramsay is a fearsome monster, while Joffrey is an annoying little shit. Even though Ramsay is much more evil than Joffrey, I think Joffrey's annoyance and "little shittiness" will keep him on top of the list of the most hated characters in the show.
3991	oakenhelm	2013-04-08	I think I might be in the minority, but I don't like Ramsey at all. I don't find him any more interesting than the guy from  Hostel. The treatment of Theon borders on obscene IMO. 
I hope they keep his stuff to a minimum.
I really don't see the appeal. 
Joff gets more of a rise out of me. Ramsey is just pure disgust
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 08 April 2013 - 09:34 PM.
3992	oakenhelm	2013-04-08	Yes, but Ramsay is a fearsome monster, while Joffrey is an annoying little shit. Even though Ramsay is much more evil than Joffrey, I think Joffrey's annoyance and "little shittiness" will keep him on top of the list of the most hated characters in the show. yeah with Joff it was satisfying to see tyrion slap him. with Ramsey, it's nothing doing. He is just a rabid dog that needs to be put down
3993	Nezzer	2013-04-08	yeah with Joff it was satisfying to see tyrion slap him. with Ramsey, it's nothing doing. He is just a rabid dog that needs to be put downThat's not exactly what I meant. I love having a character like Ramsay. He's the entertaining kind of evil, like the Joker, and I don't want to see him die too soon. Joffrey is the annoying kind of evil, and that IMHO makes him easier to hate than Ramsay, even though Ramsay is a lot worse than him.
3994	oakenhelm	2013-04-08	That's not exactly what I meant. I love having a character like Ramsay. He's the entertaining kind of evil, like the Joker, and I don't want to see him die too soon. Joffrey is the annoying kind of evil, and that IMHO makes him easier to hate than Ramsay, even though Ramsay is a lot worse than him.As a Joker type, I see what you are saying. I admit I burst out laughing at his letter to Jon. But the slasher porn is a bit much for me. Joff is more a classic villain; the one that elicits boos from the crowd. I wanna walk up to him and punch him. I wouldn't get within 500 feet of Ramsey
3995	crazibouncer	2013-04-08	All of you kept saying Rheon and I had no idea what you were talking about.  When I checked it out and then it hit me.  I remember learning that he was cast months ago, totally forgot.  He is great in Misfits
Oh yeah and Ramsay.  I hate him, but I enjoy him sort of, as others are saying, compared to Joffrey.  Joffrey is just..ugh I hate him so much.  lol.  Ramsay scares the hell out of me too.  I remember at first I thought Theon deserved what he got but it just got way too far.  The guy is a psycho and I cannot wait to see how he is played in the show.
					
					
							Edited by crazibouncer, 08 April 2013 - 11:02 PM.
3996	StarkDragon	2013-04-09	Do you think they can make Ramsay more evil than Joffrey or just as evil considering how evil they made Joff in s2?I think with Margary they're trying to setup Joff as a (somewhat) 'manipulable*' evil.Whereas Ramsay is, as my mother says, 'the Devil himself'.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 09 April 2013 - 04:08 AM.
3997	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Looks like D&D always give Vanessa Taylor the gruesome assignments--a thankless job!
How did you like her writing in episode 2?  I liked that she left much of the book dialogue between Sansa and the Queen of Thorns intact.  I also loved the non-book scene between Joff and Margery--wonderfully twisted!
I wasn't crazy about the Reeds' dialogue though.
What say you?
3998	victim	2013-04-08	She's been my favourite GoT writer since 'Garden of Bones.' That was such a delightfully twisted episode, it actually made me feel physically ill in the sheer amount of discomforting scenes it offered: birth of the shadow baby, the rat torture scene, Joffrey punishing Sansa and the prostitutes, and Renly saying "Is he a ham?"
3999	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	I hated 'Garden of Bones' overall. The writing ranged from bad to acceptable. This episode was a lot better, and one of my favorites since season 1.           I always prefer a slower, more calm paced episode over the big action ones, cause we know there are a lot of them to come soon, so it's good to enjoy these quiet episodes while we can.
The Sansa/Tyrell scene was great because most of the dialogue was lifted from the book (no surprise it was good, since the Tyrion/Tywin scene was nearly word for word, and everyone loved that).
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the Joff/Marg scene as well. I really couldn't care less about the Theon torture stuff though. I would have prefered they kept him offscreen until his shocking reveal as 'Reek', but whatever, I know there are reasons.
4000	Eira Seren	2013-04-08	I disliked the scene with Dany/gates of Qarth in Garden of Bones.  the whole Sumai thing (what another forum member called 'cutting one's hand for the sake of plot progression'), and the rest of that scene seemed like it had wandered in from some other B grade sci fi flick.  and the dialogue. . .  George Lucas-worthy.
most people objected to the prostitute torture scene because of the content (prostitutes, torture); while in poor taste, i really object because it UPSTAGED Sansa's ordeal, getting humiliated in the throne room in front of everyone.  maybe they just didn't want to put a teenage actress through all that, or thought they couldn't portay the extent to which she's humiliated in the book?  but it sure detracted from her character's experience, and as far as i'm concerned, really giving Sansa center stage there, even filming it in such a way that they didn't have to show anything indecent, would have allowed them to portray quite conclusively what a perverse monster Joffrey really is.  and we'd already been set up for the Tyrion/Joffrey angst in Season 1, and are reminded of it when Tyrion gives Sansa his condolences for Ned's death. . . in front of Joffrey. . . so we wouldn't have lost the element of Joffrey getting back at Tryion, which some people have argued was the reason that the prostitute torture scene was necessary.
this time around i'm glad to see that Oleanna Tyrell was so true to character.  i know i sound like a hopeless book purist, but there really are times when staying close to what GRRM wrote really works best, and this scene proves it.  they've definitely made some changes with the Reeds, but for the most part, i think it worked.  i was a little puzzled by Rickon suddenly running off to live with the wolves. . .  that seemed to lapse back into the bad writing.  why?  to what purpose?  with no warning?  and Bran just lets him?  i realize Rickon is supposed to be a more spontaneous character, but as far as that moment's qualilty, it was just poorly set up and badly explained.  otherwise i thought the introduction of the Reeds and working them into the story in a different way was well done.
the theon stuff remains to be seen.  so far it seems plausible.  my dad is even convinced his sister might be behind it.
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 08 April 2013 - 12:40 PM.
4001	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-08	Re:Rickon & wolves
I think that was for the convenience of getting them off camera without wondering, 'what happened to them?'
					
					
							Edited by Our Blades Are Sharp, 08 April 2013 - 12:59 PM.
4002	shiola	2013-04-08	Judging from just this episode, I thought she did pretty well.  She left a lot of good stuff in, I liked her additions with Margaery, and the Reeds were pretty to-the-point as well.
4003	Loras	2013-04-08	I was impressed by her writing in this episode.  I tend to find her the weakest of the writers so it was a pleasant surprise.
The scene between Olenna, Margaery and Sansa was wonderfully adapted.  I know it was very close to the book version but I thought she did a great job.  
The stand out scene for me was Bran's dream sequence.  Not much in the way of dialogue, but the idea was excellent.  I loved the throwbacks to the pilot and Jojen's introduction.
Another highlight was Cersei's great line regarding the fabric.  
I did have a problem with the fairly nonsensical Shae-Tyrion scene, it didn't flow very well at all.
4004	shiola	2013-04-08	I did have a problem with the fairly nonsensical Shae-Tyrion scene, it didn't flow very well at all.They seemed to have some chemistry after Blackwater, but this season it's gone.  I didn't like the scene.
4005	hazlnut	2013-04-08	Looks like D&D always give Vanessa Taylor the gruesome assignments--a thankless job!How did you like her writing in episode 2?  I liked that she left much of the book dialogue between Sansa and the Queen of Thorns intact.  I also loved the non-book scene between Joff and Margery--wonderfully twisted!I wasn't crazy about the Reeds' dialogue though.What say you?I say a "mostly intact" version of the any single book scene would run 45 minutes to an hour.The writer does a brilliant job of lifting a few lines of dialogue from the books and creating a scene that book readers actually believe (re-remember) is close to a line-for-line, moment by moment version of the book.  It's a magic trick, really, to use just the right lines of dialogue to create the illusion of a bigger longer conversation.  Several lines of book dialogue were recreated with just:  "He's a monster".Since this thread is labeled book spoilers, I'll remind readers that that scene when on for pages with discussion of Sansa traveling south to marry someone from their family, which spurred the Lannisters to move faster and get her hitched to the Imp.
4006	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-08	I say a "mostly intact" version of the any single book scene would run 45 minutes to an hour.The writer does a brilliant job of lifting a few lines of dialogue from the books and creating a scene that book readers actually believe (re-remember) is close to a line-for-line, moment by moment version of the book.  It's a magic trick, really, to use just the right lines of dialogue to create the illusion of a bigger longer conversation.  Several lines of book dialogue were recreated with just:  "He's a monster".Since this thread is labeled book spoilers, I'll remind readers that that scene when on for pages with discussion of Sansa traveling south to marry someone from their family, which spurred the Lannisters to move faster and get her hitched to the Imp.True! I find it odd that they failed to present anything about the possibility of a marriage for Sansa as they did in the books in this scene. This is very important later for when Sansa is forced to unexpectedly marry Tyrion. Maybe next episode though...
4007	Loras	2013-04-08	True! I find it odd that they failed to present anything about the possibility of a marriage for Sansa as they did in the books in this scene. This is very important later for when Sansa is forced to unexpectedly marry Tyrion. Maybe next episode though...I think the 'second half' of this scene will come up later.  It could be a case of trying not to give the game away! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4008	victim	2013-04-08	Different strokes for different folks, I guess. I liked Garden of Bones because it got rid of a lot of exposition that the season had been built on at that point and actually started showing us some stuff. Yeah, the Dany/Thirteen scene was pretty bad, but that wasn't a huge departure from the rest of Dany's season 2 storyline, which was all pretty terrible.
Admittedly, Taylor jumps between characters too much, but this episode she found good ways to tie them all together. Like Cat mentioning Theon, cue cut to Theon, or Cat mentioning Jon Snow, cut to Jon Snow.
4009	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-02	Where does everyone think the arcs will go?I expect to seeCatelyn & Robb starting their journey to RiverrunArya and company bumping into the brotherhood without bannersBran meeting up with Jojen and MeeraMance trying to get details off Jon about how many men occupy the wall.First appearance of TheonBeginning of the 'Symon' storyline between Tyrion and ShaeThe scenes at the inn with Jaime/Brienne and AryaJaime/Brienne swordfight and possibly Jaime's hand cut off to end the episodeThe two characters I don't expect to see a lot of will be Dany and Davos, due to a lot of their storylines being covered in 'Valar Dohaeris
4010	Nudu	2013-04-03	The Bear and the fucking Maiden Fair.
4011	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-03	I think Theon will show up first in ep 3 and 4. And it's way too early for Jaime to lose his hand, that will be in 4 or 5.
4012	Ice Turtle	2013-04-03	I would love to see or at least hear about Nymeria, but I guess they can always return to that few seasons later.
4013	Bayard	2013-04-03	There will be no Symon story. That would destroy Tyrion's perfect image, and we can't have that, can't we?? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4014	Jolene Brown	2013-04-03	We're never going to see Jaime/Brienne at the inn, I don't think.  I don't think their path will come so close to directly crossing with Arya's the way it did in the book (although I very much hope I'm wrong though b/c I loved the irony of Brienne's near-misses with Arya).  Maybe I'm misreading the promos though.  I suppose there is time, if J/B start out at/close to the inn while Arya ends up there later - different ends of the episode.
4015	Queen of Whores	2013-04-03	This is more a list of everything I think we can expect in the episode, based off predictions and the promo.
<U+0095> Robb leaving Roose in charge of Harrenhal and setting off to Riverrun
<U+0095> Arya meeting the Brotherhood Without Banners
<U+0095> Bran meeting the Reeds
<U+0095> Sansa having lunch with Olenna and Margaery
<U+0095> Margaery talking with Joffrey
<U+0095> Jon being questioned by the wildlings
<U+0095> Sam and the Night's Watch running from the Fist
<U+0095> Robb and Catelyn finding out about Bran, Rickon and Winterfell
<U+0095> Jaime and Brienne's fight and capture
4016	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	Where does everyone think the arcs will go?I expect to seeCatelyn & Robb starting their journey to RiverrunArya and company bumping into the brotherhood without bannersBran meeting up with Jojen and MeeraMance trying to get details off Jon about how many men occupy the wall.First appearance of TheonBeginning of the 'Symon' storyline between Tyrion and ShaeThe scenes at the inn with Jaime/Brienne and AryaJaime/Brienne swordfight and possibly Jaime's hand cut off to end the episodeThe two characters I don't expect to see a lot of will be Dany and Davos, due to a lot of their storylines being covered in 'Valar Dohaeris I very much doubt we'll get a 'Symon' storyline. But the synopsis reveals there will be a Shae/Tyrion scene in the episode where she asks him for a favour. I think she'll ask him to send Littlefinger away from King's Landing. We know he has to be gone by episode 3 because that's when Tyrion becomes Master of Coin.I think Theon will show up first in ep 3 and 4. And it's way too early for Jaime to lose his hand, that will be in 4 or 5. Jaime will lose his hand in episode 3. The Bear Pit will be in episode 7 so losing his hand in episode 5 would be far too late.Based on reports of what happens in Theon's scene/s... I'm guessing he shows up in this episode. Vanessa Taylor always writes the most disturbing scenes.
4017	jons nissa	2013-04-03	There will be no Symon story. That would destroy Tyrion's perfect image, and we can't have that, can't we?? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />i kinda don't thing we will get the symon story either because they are saving tyrion's big "kill" scene for later in the story.
4018	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	Based on reports of what happens in Theon's scene/s... I'm guessing he shows up in this episode. Vanessa Taylor always writes the most disturbing scenes.Oh man ... I'm excited and scared. lol
4019	Chuck88	2013-04-03	I think this'll be a heavy Jon, Arya and Jaime episode. With the QoT's introduction playing a big role as well.
From the new characters not already introduced I guess we can hope to see,
QoT, Thoros, Anguy, Orell and the Reeds (all confirmed)
Perhaps our first glimpse of 'Locke' as well. Maybe some Tullys?
Maybe a certain bastard as well.
Would really love it if we got some Theon this week
					
					
							Edited by Chuck88, 03 April 2013 - 10:39 AM.
4020	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-03	The Bear and the fucking Maiden Fair.YESSSS.This is more a list of everything I think we can expect in the episode, based off predictions and the promo.<U+0080>c Robb leaving Roose in charge of Harrenhal and setting off to Riverrun<U+0080>c Arya meeting the Brotherhood Without Banners<U+0080>c Bran meeting the Reeds<U+0080>c Sansa having lunch with Olenna and Margaery<U+0080>c Margaery talking with Joffrey<U+0080>c Jon being questioned by the wildlings<U+0080>c Sam and the Night's Watch running from the Fist<U+0080>c Robb and Catelyn finding out about Bran, Rickon and Winterfell<U+0080>c Jaime and Brienne's fight and captureI'm also waiting for the issue of Robb's marriage to be brought up because he was expected to marry one of the Frey girls in exchange for crossing the bridge.Jaime and Brienne I'm really looking forward to they're great together and could have their own spin off episode or two.We didn't get much time with Jon in the season premier so I hope we get more.When Robb leaves Bolton at Harrenhal then we'll hopefully see the bastard soon thereafter.
4021	Tony Soprano	2013-04-03	I'm really excited to see Thoros and Lord Beric, and we know that we'll meet at least one of them this Sunday, thanks to the promo. And from some of the trailers and previews released prior to the season premiere, we see Melisandre will visit the Brotherhood without Banners at one point, so I'm really curious to see if that happens early on. I doubt it does, but you never know. It could be a kind of cliffhanger ending.Also, I'm really looking forward to the duel between Jaime and Brienne. Hopefully we'll see Locke in this episode as well.I'm pretty sure that Cat and Robb will get word from Riverrun about Lord Hoster in thiss episode too. So, I expect them to leave Harrenhal, leaving Roose in charge, which will set up a lot of important events later on. The Bear and the fucking Maiden Fair.Too early. That'll be in Episode 7. You know, the one titled The Bear and the Maiden Fair. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Alex Baratheon, 03 April 2013 - 11:25 AM.
4022	Nudu	2013-04-03	But a bard sang this song while Sansa and QoT having a conversation.
4023	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	But a bard sang this song while Sansa and QoT having a conversation. As I've said, there's no need for anyone to sing over them because they're outside away from Varys' Little Birds.
4024	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	As I've said, there's no need for anyone to sing over them because they're outside away from Varys' Little Birds.You're probably right, but I hope not. I have been waiting to hear this song for years now....
4025	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	In case people are really worried about hearing The Bear and the Maiden fair, apparently 
	Spoiler a rock version plays for the credits at the end of episode 3

In looking through posts, I'm shocked that not everyone was a weirdo who looked up any and all "spoilers" for episodes 1-4, lol
4026	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	You're probably right, but I hope not. I have been waiting to hear this song for years now....The song will most likely appear in the series, just not in that scene. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4027	Crown	2013-04-03	In case people are really worried about hearing The Bear and the Maiden fair, apparently 
	Spoiler a rock version plays for the credits at the end of episode 3
In looking through posts, I'm shocked that not everyone was a weirdo who looked up any and all "spoilers" for episodes 1-4, lolI assume Jaime loses his hand then.
4028	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	I assume Jaime loses his hand then.
	Spoiler That's what I heard! I guess it's how the episode ends /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4029	Arale	2013-04-03	Hello everyone! This is my first post, and it'll be horribly brief :-P :
does anyone think we'll see the Hound in episode 2? Too early, I assume? He's my favourite character from the books, and although the tv show hasn't portrayed him faithully so far, I'm hoping this season he will have more screentime and therefore a chance to show more of his complexity. I'm also looking forward to seeing how they handle the Reek storyline...I'm both anticipating it and dreading it!!
PS English is not my first languade, so please pardon my mistakes. :-)
4030	tito5601	2013-04-03	if we do get a glimpse of theon or even of a guy being tortured and us book readers know who it is will it mean we also get a glimpse at ramsey and maybe he can tell theon how he killed his ironmen and burned down winterfell soo book readers know at least one of the boltons betrayed robb , then after in the red wedding episode roose can lie to robb telling him its theon who burned winterfell
4031	Ser Luke.	2013-04-03	Here's just about everything I think will happen:
-Robb leaves Roose Bolton in charge of Harrenhal, partly forgives his mother for freeing Jaime, then heads out to Riverrun
-Arya meets The Brotherhood without Banners after arguing with Gendry
-Jaime manages to get a hold of a sword and fight Brienne, the Brave Companions confront them
-Daenerys gets to know Barristan better, seeks advice from Jorah
-Bran's group meets Jojen and Meera
-Stannis frees Davos from his cell
-Tyrion continues to worry about Shae's safety
-Sansa dines with The Queen of Thorns and Margaery
-Samwell and the survivors of The Night's Watch head back towards the Wall, he kills a White Walker with Dragonglass. 
-Theon wakes up in a cell
4032	HomeGrownCrown	2013-04-03	Hello everyone! This is my first post, and it'll be horribly brief :-P :does anyone think we'll see the Hound in episode 2? Too early, I assume? He's my favourite character from the books, and although the tv show hasn't portrayed him faithully so far, I'm hoping this season he will have more screentime and therefore a chance to show more of his complexity. I'm also looking forward to seeing how they handle the Reek storyline...I'm both anticipating it and dreading it!!PS English is not my first languade, so please pardon my mistakes. :-)I think it's entirely likely that we will see the hound in episode two,  and your English is excellent so no worries there!
4033	Arolig	2013-04-03	Balon Greyjoys funeral. The episode title is found in a chapter where some maester says "Dark wings, dark words my lord". And a raven informs for Balons death. I think the Asha/Yara trailer scenes we've seen will come now. As well as some captured Theon action.
4034	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-03	Balon Greyjoys funeral. The episode title is found in a chapter where some maester says "Dark wings, dark words my lord". And a raven informs for Balons death. I think the Asha/Yara trailer scenes we've seen will come now. As well as some captured Theon action.I thought we'd have a burning leech scene before that?To add to all this I think they're going to try and throw in Roose wherever they can, because show-watchers that I know still don't have any idea who he is, and naturally his identity will be important for the shock of the RW and also so the reveal of Ramsay makes sense, which is going to happen in episode 4...? I also think they will have some scenes of Locke hunting down Jaime, but not finding him yet of course. I'm actually pretty interested to see what they do with Locke now, despite my initial sadness at Hoat being ditched.
4035	Mr Smith	2013-04-04	Any chance of Slayer in this episode?
4036	Nuttz	2013-04-04	Here's just about everything I think will happen:-Robb leaves Roose Bolton in charge of Harrenhal, partly forgives his mother for freeing Jaime, then heads out to Riverrun-Arya meets The Brotherhood without Banners after arguing with Gendry-Jaime manages to get a hold of a sword and fight Brienne, the Brave Companions confront them-Daenerys gets to know Barristan better, seeks advice from Jorah-Bran's group meets Jojen and Meera-Stannis frees Davos from his cell-Tyrion continues to worry about Shae's safety-Sansa dines with The Queen of Thorns and Margaery-Samwell and the survivors of The Night's Watch head back towards the Wall, he kills a White Walker with Dragonglass.-Theon wakes up in a cellI'm not sure if we'll have Dany or Stannis in this episode, they may skip them out as there are a lot of other storylines we can see in the promo.We might not get Tyrion either. Not sure if we'll get Sam the Slayer this episode, from the looks of the shot in the promo I'm guessing there might be a bit of a fight between the Brothers and some Wights/White Walkers? Then Grenn and Ed drag Sam away. Their frantic retreat and Sam the Slayer makes more sense in episode 3 as it's titled "The Walk of Punishment".
4037	Crown	2013-04-04	Balon Greyjoys funeral. The episode title is found in a chapter where some maester says "Dark wings, dark words my lord". And a raven informs for Balons death. I think the Asha/Yara trailer scenes we've seen will come now. As well as some captured Theon action.I don't expect Balon's death this season. I reckon it'll be in the first episode of next season (so they can cast Aeron, Victarion and Euron) to kick off the Kingsmoot-arc if they do that this early.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 04 April 2013 - 02:28 AM.
4038	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	I don't think we will have the burning leeches... It's too spoilery. Once one king falls, you know the rest are coming... I didn't really pick it up in my first read, but if I had seen it, that would be different. I do think Balon is going to die soon, but I'm not sure he'll get the axe in episode 2.
4039	madman2711	2013-04-04	i think that the title reffers to the news of the Winterfell sack and the death of the stark boys that reaches Rob & Co
probably that will trigger Robb to march back to the north and leave Bolton in charge at Harrenhall
or maybe news of Cat dad is dying and they go to Riverrun
4040	Arolig	2013-04-04	ahh true, The Stannis Leeches. We all already know that he wants them dead anyways, so not sure if we need that one, but It would make sense.
Based on the episode title and hammerfall song I threw together this btwhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=3QhFxr4Dr_U
4041	house of no sigil	2013-04-04	The Karstark beheading could show up. He left the Harrenhal scene in disgust last episode.
The awkward Jorah/Dany kiss. I think that will play a part in his leaving her service.
					
					
							Edited by house of no sigil, 04 April 2013 - 09:58 AM.
4042	Col. Forbin	2013-04-04	if we do get a glimpse of theon or even of a guy being tortured and us book readers know who it is will it mean we also get a glimpse at ramsey and maybe he can tell theon how he killed his ironmen and burned down winterfell soo book readers know at least one of the boltons betrayed robb , then after in the red wedding episode roose can lie to robb telling him its theon who burned winterfellI was also thinking that we may get our first glimpse of Ramsay if we see Theon getting flayed. I don't think there was a casting announcement but I can't wait for my non-book reading friends to get a load of this demented individual. He makes Joffrey look like Kermit the Frog.
4043	Awake iron!	2013-04-04	I think she'll ask him to send Littlefinger away from King's Landing. We know he has to be gone by episode 3 because that's when Tyrion becomes Master of Coin.Why by episode 3? How do you know that?It sounds too early to me. Before leaving King's Landing, Baelish has to inform Tywin of the Tyrell plot to marry Sansa to Willas. So Littlefinger is still there when Tyrion weds Sansa, and schemes with Tywing to marry Lysa Tully in order to get the Vale for the crown. And before that, at least in the books, he hands Jeyne Pool to the Lannisters. but I don't know if Jeyne Pool's been casted, or another character will take her role as future fake Arya. We will see.Anyway, I doubt he can do all that stuff in just 1-2 episodes.
4044	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-04	Why by episode 3? How do you know that?It sounds too early to me. Before leaving King's Landing, Baelish has to inform Tywin of the Tyrell plot to marry Sansa to Willas. So Littlefinger is still there when Tyrion weds Sansa, and schemes with Tywing to marry Lysa Tully in order to get the Vale for the crown. And before that, at least in the books, he hands Jeyne Pool to the Lannisters. but I don't know if Jeyne Pool's been casted, or another character will take her role as future fake Arya. We will see.Anyway, I doubt he can do all that stuff in just 1-2 episodes. I'm predicting that he becomes Master of Coin that episode because of the synopsis.And there are several other problems: as there's no Dontos, Littlefinger probably won't be the one to learn about the Sansa/Tyrell marriage, and he certainly won't be present at her wedding to Tyrion, as it's in episode 8.So I'm standing by my prediction that he'll be heading to the Vale by the third episode.
4045	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	I don't think that LF will be going to the Vale (in his teleporter) until episode 7, as that is the one in which the actress who plays Lysa appears.
4046	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	EDIT: double post.
					
					
							Edited by Caryn Stark, 04 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
4047	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-04	- The small council meeting from Tyrion III, setting up his new postion, the state of the war, and LittleFinger's quest
- Sansa's dinner with the Tyrells (Sansa I)
- Bran meets the Reeds and they join their group after Jojen explains the true nature of Bran's dreams to him
- Jon meets Orell and learns about warging. Mance questions Jon about the NW forces. Ygritte stands up for Jon (Jon II)
- Rob and Talisa question Qyburn and try to make sense of the situation and Harrenhal
- Cat learns of Hoster's death and thus must head to Riverrun. Rob agrees to go to, and leaves Bolton behind with Qyburn
- Jaime and Brienne get into a sword fight (Jaime III)
- Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie are ambushed by Thoros and and the Brotherhood
- Asha (Yara) mobilizes her troops and learns of Winterfell's destruction.
- Theon finds himself getting flayed by Ramsay Snow.
4048	Titus Pullo	2013-04-05	one thing I really hope for is the Arya scene where she finally - FINALLY - runs into someone (anyone) from Winterfell - Harwin. ... Those were great chapters, including Arya telling Harwin about the scene of his father's death in the King's Landing massacre of the northerners. ....
I doubt it will make the cut, but it was a very powerful couple chapters for me in the books... because all I ever keep wishing - in every Arya (and Sansa) chapter - is for her to find something familiar from home, cling to it, and start heading back north. .... elusive as it always is.
					
					
							Edited by Titus Pullo, 05 April 2013 - 03:59 AM.
4049	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-05	From what I've heard, Theon's arc this season is a little confusing to follow, especially if you aren't familiar with the books. But it's brutal to watch, I've heard, which is good /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Balon Greyjoys funeral. The episode title is found in a chapter where some maester says "Dark wings, dark words my lord". And a raven informs for Balons death. I think the Asha/Yara trailer scenes we've seen will come now. As well as some captured Theon action.I'm guessing this will be Robb and Cat learning about Bran and Rickon's "deaths", which really should have happened last season.Does anyone else feel that they're rushing Jaime's arc? Why are we getting the sword fight so early? D and D need to milk the Brienne/Jaime road trip for all it's worth, since they're one of the most entertaining dynamics in the series. And why, oh why, is the bear pit scene in episode 7? I heard it was moved from a later episode. Wouldn't it be far better to put it in say, episode 8 or 9? What are Brienne and Jaime going to do for 6-7 episodes?(Assuming that the Purple Wedding occurs in episode 3 or 4 of season 4)
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 April 2013 - 07:13 AM.
4050	Arkash	2013-04-05	Damn me ! I couldnt resist those past weeks reading all spoilers from the first 4 episodes, henceforth, I know many things to come... now, it aint the surprise of discovery that awaits me, but the surprise of seing how things I know will happen will happen.
4051	BananaSpice	2013-04-05	Damn me ! I couldnt resist those past weeks reading all spoilers from the first 4 episodes, henceforth, I know many things to come... now, it aint the surprise of discovery that awaits me, but the surprise of seing how things I know will happen will happen.Same here! I won't be able to participate in true speculation until episode 5, lol. I mean, I'm sure I don't know every detail, but I know how the major things will go down in episodes 3 and 4.
4052	Arkash	2013-04-05	Hehehe, exactly ! So eager for episode 5 !
And hey ! I'm so listening "Hammerfall - Dark Wings, Dark Words" now ! Not their greatest songs but Hammerfall is definitly one of my fav bands !
4053	BananaSpice	2013-04-05	Hehehe, exactly ! So eager for episode 5 !And hey ! I'm so listening "Hammerfall - Dark Wings, Dark Words" now ! Not their greatest songs but Hammerfall is definitly one of my fav bands !I feel like I'm going to be NERVOUS after episode 4 ... haha ... I feel like reading the books has made me ridic anxious for so many things in this season. Right now I'm just chomping at the bit to get some Theon - hope he shows up at least a little in episode 2 (sure he'll be in 3/4).
4054	Caryn Stark	2013-04-05	Damn me ! I couldnt resist those past weeks reading all spoilers from the first 4 episodes, henceforth, I know many things to come... now, it aint the surprise of discovery that awaits me, but the surprise of seing how things I know will happen will happen.Neither could I. It's just been so long since the season. And waiting for the next book.... Well, it can be painful. I think I'm addicted to Westerosi politics. I'll take any fix I can get. I can't wait to see this season, but then, it will be over so fast, and the long wait for fresh material will recommence.
4055	Queen of Whores	2013-04-05	I definitely thought Jaime and Brienne's fight would be in episode 3, right before his hand gets the cut, but apparently they're spread across both episodes. So I guess stuff might go down like this now:
Episode 1: Not present.
Episode 2: Jaime/Brienne fight, get captured by Locke and his gang
Episode 3: Jaime stops Brienne from getting raped. Gets hand cut off.
Episode 4: Travelling to Harrenhal.
Episode 5: Not present.
Episode 6: Arrive at Harrenhal. Gets wound treated. Bath scene.
Episode 7: Jaime/Brienne/Roose talk. Bear bit scene.
Episode 8: Leaving Harrenhal. Talking on the road.
Episode 9: Not present.
Episode 10: Find out about the RW from taverns. Continue on the road.
At least this is how I would do the rest after episode 3. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
4056	nubreed000	2013-04-05	I'm guessing this will be Robb and Cat learning about Bran and Rickon's "deaths", which really should have happened last season.I know eh? I mean that WAS the reason why Jaime was let go. But I guess D&D know better....... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
4057	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-05	I don't think that LF will be going to the Vale (in his teleporter) until episode 7, as that is the one in which the actress who plays Lysa appears. There is a difference between leaving King's Landing and arriving at the Vale. I maintain the idea that Littlefinger will be leaving King's Landing in episode 3 (or, at the latest, episode 4).I definitely thought Jaime and Brienne's fight would be in episode 3, right before his hand gets the cut, but apparently they're spread across both episodes. So I guess stuff might go down like this now:Episode 1: Not present.Episode 2: Jaime/Brienne fight, get captured by Locke and his gangEpisode 3: Jaime stops Brienne from getting raped. Gets hand cut off.Episode 4: Travelling to Harrenhal.Episode 5: Not present.Episode 6: Arrive at Harrenhal. Gets wound treated. Bath scene.Episode 7: Jaime/Brienne/Roose talk. Bear bit scene.Episode 8: Leaving Harrenhal. Talking on the road.Episode 9: Not present.Episode 10: Find out about the RW from taverns. Continue on the road.At least this is how I would do the rest after episode 3. I guess we'll just have to wait and see. The episode 5 synopsis includes Jaime.
4058	King Tommen	2013-04-05	The show gave a good enough reason that Jaime was let go (he was going to be killed by the increasingly drunk Karstark men if Cat didn't let him go before the night was through).  Just because it wasn't the same as in the books, doesn't mean it's not still legitimate. So let's let go of this little piece of nerd rage and move on to things that are important shall we?
As for what's in this episode, I know that Jaime and Brienne will have their fight and I'm assuming they are captured by Locke.  I'm interested to see if we actually get introduced to Locke this episode or if they'll leave the capture as a bit of a cliffhanger for next week.
Sansa and Olenna will have their sitdown to talk about Joff.  Margaery and Joffrey will have some "getting to know each other" time.  I agree with those who say that Shae will ask Tyrion to have LF shipped out of King's Landing.  It makes sense for the timelines, fits in well with the warning Shae received from Ros re:LF last episode and we know LF will need to be gone when Tyrion gets appointed Master of Coins in E3.  I'll be interested to see when LF leaves, if Ros goes with him or not.  If she goes, then it continues the "Varys getting Ros to spy on LF for him" plot where she would presumably go to the Vale with him.  If she stays, I would say there's a good chance she'll be playing the Dontos role of being the go-between from LF to Sansa.
We're going to meet Orell this episode and it looks like he's going to show off his eagle warging as well as inform Mance of the carnage at the Fist. This will lead to Mance taking the crew up to the Fist either this episode or next and yelling the "I'm going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen" line from the trailers.
Arya will meet Thoros and Anguy but not Beric.  I'm thinking that Arya must go to an Inn at some point before this because they'll need to drop off Hot Pie somewhere.  He doesn't appear to be in any of the later scenes with Arya and Gendry when they meet Beric in the cave.  Not sure if the Hound will be seen (and captured) in this episode or next but it should be soon.
The Theon stuff I think will be extremely mysterious and it appears as if it will be very unclear where he is and who is holding him. Unsure as to whether we will meet the fellow prisoner "boy" this episode or not.
Bran and co will meet the Reeds as discussed.
I would imagine that Robb will get word of either Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and/or Hoster Tully's death which will start him on his march to Riverrun.  He'll leave Roose at Harrenhal and he'll have a little tiff with Karstark who will I suppose question the strategy of going to Riverrun (or perhaps Robb's intention to head back North eventually).
I doubt we'll see Sam/NW or Dany this episode.
;
4059	oierem	2013-04-05	The show gave a good enough reason that Jaime was let go (he was going to be killed by the increasingly drunk Karstark men if Cat didn't let him go before the night was through).  Just because it wasn't the same as in the books, doesn't mean it's not still legitimate. So let's let go of this little piece of nerd rage and move on to things that are important shall we?As for what's in this episode, I know that Jaime and Brienne will have their fight and I'm assuming they are captured by Locke.  I'm interested to see if we actually get introduced to Locke this episode or if they'll leave the capture as a bit of a cliffhanger for next week.Sansa and Olenna will have their sitdown to talk about Joff.  Margaery and Joffrey will have some "getting to know each other" time.  I agree with those who say that Shae will ask Tyrion to have LF shipped out of King's Landing.  It makes sense for the timelines, fits in well with the warning Shae received from Ros re:LF last episode and we know LF will need to be gone when Tyrion gets appointed Master of Coins in E3.  I'll be interested to see when LF leaves, if Ros goes with him or not.  If she goes, then it continues the "Varys getting Ros to spy on LF for him" plot where she would presumably go to the Vale with him.  If she stays, I would say there's a good chance she'll be playing the Dontos role of being the go-between from LF to Sansa.We're going to meet Orell this episode and it looks like he's going to show off his eagle warging as well as inform Mance of the carnage at the Fist. This will lead to Mance taking the crew up to the Fist either this episode or next and yelling the "I'm going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen" line from the trailers.Arya will meet Thoros and Anguy but not Beric.  I'm thinking that Arya must go to an Inn at some point before this because they'll need to drop off Hot Pie somewhere.  He doesn't appear to be in any of the later scenes with Arya and Gendry when they meet Beric in the cave.  Not sure if the Hound will be seen (and captured) in this episode or next but it should be soon.The Theon stuff I think will be extremely mysterious and it appears as if it will be very unclear where he is and who is holding him. Unsure as to whether we will meet the fellow prisoner "boy" this episode or not.Bran and co will meet the Reeds as discussed.I would imagine that Robb will get word of either Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and/or Hoster Tully's death which will start him on his march to Riverrun.  He'll leave Roose at Harrenhal and he'll have a little tiff with Karstark who will I suppose question the strategy of going to Riverrun (or perhaps Robb's intention to head back North eventually).I doubt we'll see Sam/NW or Dany this episode.;Some corrections:Sam and the NW ARE in this episode, according to the preview. No Dany, no Dragonstone, though. Pretty crowded episode, with 8 storylines!The Hound does appear in this episode, according to screeners.The wildlings won't get to the Fist until episode 3.
					
					
							Edited by oierem, 05 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
4060	Ignacia	2013-04-05	The confirmed storylines in the preview are Arya, Bran, Jaime, Jon, KL, Robb and Sam. So 7, unless Theon is in too, then it would be 8. It is quite crowed, yes. But overall, it seems this will be a very Starkish episode, especially compared to the premiere:- At least 2 Arya scenes: one in the forest, and one that looks like they are in an inn.- At least 2 Bran scenes: one in the forest, one that's not in a forest and a shot of what looks like a raven dream.- At least 3 Robb/Cat scenes: one with Talisa in Harrenhall, one travelling with Karstark and  a Cat scene.- At least 2 scenes with Sansa: The one with the QoT, one in a room with Shae. Plus I would think the Marg/Joffrey scene comes before the Sansa/ QoT scene, and it's what makes her talk with Sansa in the first place. And if it's true that Shae asks Tyrion to help her protect Sansa, then the  KL story this episode will be pretty Sansa-centric.Besides we have:- At least 1 Jon scene.- At least 1 Sam scene.- At least 1 long Jaime/Brienne scene.I kind of wish they had left those Jon/Sam scenes for later episodes, unless there is some significant advance in their plots. I don't like it when we have only one short scene for a plotline in an episode, I think that's what makes it feel like it just skips around.The premiere didn't felt that way to me, though. I think it's because the main focus was KL, Davos and Dany, and a lot happened in those arcs. I think the premiere was meant to reintroduce all the big players, so moving around those Stannis, Arya and Bran scenes was probably a good decision.
4061	Words of Winter	2013-04-05	I don't think we will have the burning leeches... It's too spoilery. Once one king falls, you know the rest are coming... I didn't really pick it up in my first read, but if I had seen it, that would be different. I do think Balon is going to die soon, but I'm not sure he'll get the axe in episode 2. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I think they will skip it.  I can't recall.  In the book, do they use the leeches on 
	Spoiler Stannis or Edric Storm
.  If its the former, then they might use it.  If it is the later, then they cannot because of the different characters.
4062	Head of The Ned	2013-04-05	So we get to see Theon in this episode?? I can't wait to see what they do with him this season!
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 05 April 2013 - 08:35 PM.
4063	BananaSpice	2013-04-05	So we get to see Theon in this episode?? I can't wait to see what they do with him this season!I hope so!!!
4064	oierem	2013-04-06	I kind of wish they had left those Jon/Sam scenes for later episodes, unless there is some significant advance in their plots. I don't like it when we have only one short scene for a plotline in an episode, I think that's what makes it feel like it just skips around.The premiere didn't felt that way to me, though. I think it's because the main focus was KL, Davos and Dany, and a lot happened in those arcs. I think the premiere was meant to reintroduce all the big players, so moving around those Stannis, Arya and Bran scenes was probably a good decision.The main focus of the premiere was in KL, Dragonstone and Dany.... And except for KL, which will appear in every episode, the other two won't appear... wise move. But we only saw one scene with Sam, Jon and Robb, so it's natural that those storylines will continue in episode 2:-The big scene at Crasters happens in episode 4... which means that we need to see more of them before that episode.-The first half of Jon's season is about him living with the Wildlings, a slow-ish storyline that has to establish several characters and offer some internal conflict for Jon. I think it's appropriate that we will see a bit of him in every episode from 1 to 5. You cannot push the plot too much until they climb the wall in episode 6.-Robb and Cat should be important players this season, so it was logical to appear in the premiere, as well as in the second episode.On the other hand, i guess we'll see the arrival of the QoT? I assume we have to see something with ther (meeting with Cersei, Tyrion, Tywin...) before the big scene with Sansa, right?
4065	Sp_ey_der	2013-04-06	I'm not sure i'd like to see Theon brought up this early.  There are a lot more pressing matters that need addressing before we need to re-introduce him back on the scene.  He should be brought back maybe when
	Spoiler Jaime reaches Harrenhal

and introduce the Bastard of Bolton when they hint at Roose Bolton
	Spoiler being a traitor

Not going to happen, i know.
4066	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-06	I'm not sure i'd like to see Theon brought up this early.  There are a lot more pressing matters that need addressing before we need to re-introduce him back on the scene.  He should be brought back maybe when
	Spoiler Jaime reaches Harrenhal
and introduce the Bastard of Bolton when they hint at Roose Bolton
	Spoiler being a traitor
Not going to happen, i know.Well, from early screenings, it appears as if 
	Spoiler they're keeping Ramsay's identity secret
4067	Joyful Union	2013-04-06	I'm not sure i'd like to see Theon brought up this early.  There are a lot more pressing matters that need addressing before we need to re-introduce him back on the scene.  He should be brought back maybe when
	Spoiler Jaime reaches Harrenhal
and introduce the Bastard of Bolton when they hint at Roose Bolton
	Spoiler being a traitor
Not going to happen, i know.Im absolutely certain that as soon as we learn about Ramsay's identity, they'll cut to a scene between Roose and Jaime, finally showing the traitorous nature of the Boltons.
4068	Lord Barristan	2013-04-06	Are any other Tyrell's going to be in this season? Mace Tyrell has been mentioned, but I guess he won't appear. He doesn't have that much to do, but I just feel like delaying the introduction of characters will make it harder for the audience to get around on them. 
We meet Edmure and the Blackfish in book 1, which makes the events of book 3 sting more. Now, they will only have a few episodes before the big event in episode 9.
4069	Talbot	2013-04-06	Are any other Tyrell's going to be in this season? Mace Tyrell has been mentioned, but I guess he won't appear. He doesn't have that much to do, but I just feel like delaying the introduction of characters will make it harder for the audience to get around on them.We meet Edmure and the Blackfish in book 1, which makes the events of book 3 sting more. Now, they will only have a few episodes before the big event in episode 9.I don't think Garlan is making the show unfortunately. As much as I love the character, he's nonessential, and can really just have Loras embody his traits.Mace will show up next season, to continue setting up the Purple Wedding.I think having Edmure and Blackfish show up in season 3 is fine, as you don't really need them to feel for the Starks. It really is all about Robb and Catelyn in that arc.
4070	shiola	2013-04-06	Any chance of Slayer in this episode?I'd say yes.  It happens on the walk back from the Fist, which is where they are right now.
4071	shiola	2013-04-06	Does anyone else feel that they're rushing Jaime's arc? Why are we getting the sword fight so early? D and D need to milk the Brienne/Jaime road trip for all it's worth, since they're one of the most entertaining dynamics in the series. And why, oh why, is the bear pit scene in episode 7? I heard it was moved from a later episode. Wouldn't it be far better to put it in say, episode 8 or 9? What are Brienne and Jaime going to do for 6-7 episodes?(Assuming that the Purple Wedding occurs in episode 3 or 4 of season 4)I agree with this.  My nonreader friends are all excited to see more Jaime/Brienne interactions, it's what they're most looking forward to next episode.  I also can't wait to see them.
4072	Joyful Union	2013-04-06	Does anyone else feel that they're rushing Jaime's arc? Why are we getting the sword fight so early? D and D need to milk the Brienne/Jaime road trip for all it's worth, since they're one of the most entertaining dynamics in the series. And why, oh why, is the bear pit scene in episode 7? I heard it was moved from a later episode. Wouldn't it be far better to put it in say, episode 8 or 9? What are Brienne and Jaime going to do for 6-7 episodes?(Assuming that the Purple Wedding occurs in episode 3 or 4 of season 4)I think that dynamic will be much more entertaining in small doses. Might get repetitive otherwise
4073	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	Does anyone else feel that they're rushing Jaime's arc? Why are we getting the sword fight so early? D and D need to milk the Brienne/Jaime road trip for all it's worth, since they're one of the most entertaining dynamics in the series. And why, oh why, is the bear pit scene in episode 7? I heard it was moved from a later episode. Wouldn't it be far better to put it in say, episode 8 or 9? What are Brienne and Jaime going to do for 6-7 episodes?(Assuming that the Purple Wedding occurs in episode 3 or 4 of season 4)There are only so many scenes they can afford to make of Jaime calling Brienne a wench and Brienne resenting him. They need to begin respecting and liking each other at this point, which starts happening after they fight, really. Another scene of them venturing through the country arguing and coming to the Crossroads Inn to do nothing will make it boring for most people. I think the pacing is just about right.
4074	bernalima	2013-04-06	Do you think the Red Wedding will be in the end of this season, or sometime in the middle of next season?
I really hope we see Arya this next episode, if the don't change the content from the books too much her story is going to be epic, Beric Dondarrion and the Brotherhood better be great or I am going to be very disapointed.
4075	SkyBry	2013-04-06	ep. 9
4076	bernalima	2013-04-06	ep. 9Thank you.
4077	Carne	2013-04-06	I'd say yes.  It happens on the walk back from the Fist, which is where they are right now.
	Spoiler Won't happen until episode 7 or 8.
4078	tito5601	2013-04-06	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I think they will skip it.  I can't recall.  In the book, do they use the leeches on 
	Spoiler Stannis or Edric Storm
.  If its the former, then they might use it.  If it is the later, then they cannot because of the different characters. would be better for t.v. if they used in on stannis i believe
4079	King in the North Carolina	2013-04-06	would be better for t.v. if they used in on stannis i believeI wouldn't be surprised if it's Gendry. I don't think we'll be seeing Edric, and Gendry's blood can serve the same purpose. If so, I'm curious to see how they'll go about this. It looks like Mel will have some interaction with the Brotherhood.
					
					
							Edited by King in the North Carolina, 06 April 2013 - 04:42 PM.
4080	tito5601	2013-04-06	http://www.wetpaint....son-3-episode-2 this article gives us a few clues of what will happen in the episode
4081	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-06	http://www.wetpaint....son-3-episode-2 this article gives us a few clues of what will happen in the episodeI'm really worried about the Cat monologue. Someone on this forum said that it was basically character assassination. Also worried, because this episode is written by Vanessa Taylor. I once read that she hadn't actually read all the books. I'm not sure whether it's true or not, but 'The Old Gods and The New' was written by her, and that was probably the episode that deviated the most from the books.
4082	tito5601	2013-04-06	I'm really worried about the Cat monologue. Someone on this forum said that it was basically character assassination. Also worried, because this episode is written by Vanessa Taylor. I once read that she hadn't actually read all the books. I'm not sure whether it's true or not, but 'The Old Gods and The New' was written by her, and that was probably the episode that deviated the most from the books. who wonder who says that quote at #6
4083	MsLibby	2013-04-06	who wonder who says that quote at #6That's the quote from the clip of Jaime and Brienne. It came out a week or so ago.
4084	Warden of the North121	2013-04-06	I'm not sure what to think of Vanessa Taylor's writing. Garden of Bones was probably one of the worst episodes last season but Old Gods and the New was one of the best. This episode should determine whether or not she's cut out to be a regular writer on this show. I definitely prefer giving Bryan Cogman more episodes though.
Is Catelyn's "monologue" going to stem from finding out about Bran and Rickon? What exactly motivates her to do something like that?
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 06 April 2013 - 07:46 PM.
4085	go joff go	2013-04-06	I'm really worried about the Cat monologue. Someone on this forum said that it was basically character assassination. Also worried, because this episode is written by Vanessa Taylor. I once read that she hadn't actually read all the books. I'm not sure whether it's true or not, but 'The Old Gods and The New' was written by her, and that was probably the episode that deviated the most from the books.It was actually a professional reviewer who wrote it.  Its a bit perplexing as a quote though, it can't mean she is meaner to jon then she is in the book, so it must mean she is nicer to Jon, which a lot of the fanbase wouldn't mind.   I am curious either way
4086	Kasrith	2013-04-06	Based on reports of what happens in Theon's scene/s... I'm guessing he shows up in this episode. Vanessa Taylor always writes the most disturbing scenes.Can't wait for these
4087	Newstar	2013-04-06	All things Jaime/Brienne. It's going to be awesome.Looking forward to Diana Rigg as the QOT as well.From the Wetpaint spoiler hint article: "one major player takes the bench, and another is barely there." The major player who takes the bench = Dany, probably. The one who's barely there = ??? (Stannis, maybe? I tend to think of major players being Starks + Dany + Tyrion, but except for Dany, we know from previews/ep descriptions that Bran/Arya/Sansa/Jon/Robb/Cat/Tyrion are all doing stuff in this episode, as well as Sam, so that seems to leave Stannis. Tyrion might be the one who's "barely there.")Judging from all the scenes referenced in previews/articles, 3x02 looks like it's going to be a very busy episode:-Jaime/Brienne banter, Jaime/Brienne swordfight-Robb getting told off by one of his bannermen (Karstark? Roose?)-Cat's monologue scene-Arya meeting the BWB, Arya fighting (briefly) with Thoros of Myr-Sansa and the QOT, Shae/Sansa scene-Shae asking Tyrion for a favour, possibly more scenes with Tyrion doing other stuff-Jon, Mance and Orell-Bran scenes (meeting the Reeds?)-Margaery and Joffrey's little rendezvous-Theon stuff-Sam stuff-Hound stuffThat is a lot: I can see what critics were complaining about when they were talking about the fragmented storytelling in the first four episodes. At least people won't be complaining about a slow pace.So Littlefinger is still there when Tyrion weds SansaThe actors for Lysa and Robin are credited for Episode 7 on IMDB, so it's likely that Littlefinger will be in the Eyrie then. The Sansa/Tyrion wedding happens in Episode 8 (or in Episode 7, since some scenes got shuffled around between episodes), so I'm pretty sure Littlefinger won't be at the wedding, his apparent mastery of teleportation technology in Season 2 notwithstanding. (There were also shots in the making-of videos of the assembled wedding guests, and Littlefinger didn't appear to be among them. Nor was he at the wedding in the books, so it makes sense.)And there are several other problems: as there's no Dontos, Littlefinger probably won't be the one to learn about the Sansa/Tyrell marriage, and he certainly won't be present at her wedding to Tyrion, as it's in episode 8.That raises a good question. If there is no "Dontos"--a Littlefinger proxy who tattles to him about the Sansa/Tyrell marriage, enabling him to leak the news to Tywin--then who will find out, and who will tell Tywin? The likeliest person for finding out would be Shae, since she's so close to Sansa, but I can't believe that she would rat Sansa out. If LF is away from KL by Episode 3 or 4, he might be (unlike in the books) entirely blameless in the reveal of the Tyrell marriage plot to Tywin. Of course, if he doesn't do it, who will?I agree with those who say that Shae will ask Tyrion to have LF shipped out of King's Landing.Well, it sounds like LF was already fixing to leave (the "assignment" he mentioned to Sansa in 3x01). The other thing is that Shae would presumably communicate to Tyrion her reason for wanting LF gone, namely, that LF poses a threat to Sansa, which would make Sansa's mysterious disappearance later in the series much less mysterious. If TV Tyrion ever realizes LF's interest in Sansa--something he remained clueless about in the books--then that has big implications for events down the line, as he would make deductions about LF and Sansa he couldn't make in the books.I suppose Shae could ask Tyrion to look out for Sansa in a vague, general way without specifying why or whom she was worried about in particular, but that smacks of contrivance (why wouldn't she tell Tyrion what Ros told her?).
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 06 April 2013 - 11:09 PM.
4088	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-07	I'm surprised that the wetpaint author didn't allude to anything related to Theon.
4089	oprahnoodlemantra	2013-04-07	All things Jaime/Brienne. It's going to be awesome.Looking forward to Diana Rigg as the QOT as well.From the Wetpaint spoiler hint article: "one major player takes the bench, and another is barely there." The major player who takes the bench = Dany, probably. The one who's barely there = ??? (Stannis, maybe? I tend to think of major players being Starks + Dany + Tyrion, but except for Dany, we know from previews/ep descriptions that Bran/Arya/Sansa/Jon/Robb/Cat/Tyrion are all doing stuff in this episode, as well as Sam, so that seems to leave Stannis. Tyrion might be the one who's "barely there.")Judging from all the scenes referenced in previews/articles, 3x02 looks like it's going to be a very busy episode:-Jaime/Brienne banter, Jaime/Brienne swordfight-Robb getting told off by one of his bannermen (Karstark? Roose?)-Cat's monologue scene-Arya meeting the BWB, Arya fighting (briefly) with Thoros of Myr-Sansa and the QOT, Shae/Sansa scene-Shae asking Tyrion for a favour, possibly more scenes with Tyrion doing other stuff-Jon, Mance and Orell-Bran scenes (meeting the Reeds?)-Margaery and Joffrey's little rendezvous-Theon stuff-Sam stuff-Hound stuffThat is a lot: I can see what critics were complaining about when they were talking about the fragmented storytelling in the first four episodes. At least people won't be complaining about a slow pace.The actors for Lysa and Robin are credited for Episode 7 on IMDB, so it's likely that Littlefinger will be in the Eyrie then. The Sansa/Tyrion wedding happens in Episode 8 (or in Episode 7, since some scenes got shuffled around between episodes), so I'm pretty sure Littlefinger won't be at the wedding, his apparent mastery of teleportation technology in Season 2 notwithstanding. (There were also shots in the making-of videos of the assembled wedding guests, and Littlefinger didn't appear to be among them. Nor was he at the wedding in the books, so it makes sense.)That raises a good question. If there is no "Dontos"--a Littlefinger proxy who tattles to him about the Sansa/Tyrell marriage, enabling him to leak the news to Tywin--then who will find out, and who will tell Tywin? The likeliest person for finding out would be Shae, since she's so close to Sansa, but I can't believe that she would rat Sansa out. If LF is away from KL by Episode 3 or 4, he might be (unlike in the books) entirely blameless in the reveal of the Tyrell marriage plot to Tywin. Of course, if he doesn't do it, who will?Well, it sounds like LF was already fixing to leave (the "assignment" he mentioned to Sansa in 3x01). The other thing is that Shae would presumably communicate to Tyrion her reason for wanting LF gone, namely, that LF poses a threat to Sansa, which would make Sansa's mysterious disappearance later in the series much less mysterious. If TV Tyrion ever realizes LF's interest in Sansa--something he remained clueless about in the books--then that has big implications for events down the line, as he would make deductions about LF and Sansa he couldn't make in the books.I suppose Shae could ask Tyrion to look out for Sansa in a vague, general way without specifying why or whom she was worried about in particular, but that smacks of contrivance (why wouldn't she tell Tyrion what Ros told her?).The finale of season 2 showed that Ros was recuited by Varys so she'll probably report the betrothal to Varys who will then tell Tywin at a small council meeting. If this is what happens then it's actually a relief because I was afraid that scene with Ros and Varys meant she was getting a larger role.
					
					
							Edited by oprahnoodlemantra, 07 April 2013 - 01:10 AM.
4090	TheEvilKing	2013-04-07	I don't think we'll see Theon, Davos/Stannis, the Tullys or Dany.
From that article plus preview & synopsis we can deduce:
- Reeds & wolf dream
- BwB
- Sansa, Marge and Olenna scene from ASOS.
- Joffrey & Marge scene. Marge manipulating Joff.
- Mance, Jon and Orell scene. Orell reports the attack on the Fist of First Men to Mance.
- Roose left in charge at Harrenhal, the Northmen on the road to Riverrun. Karstark voicing his discontent to Robb.
- Brienne & Jaime fight and capture
- "Shae asks Tyrion for a favour" probably to do with Sansa, because there is a scene with Shae and Sansa in there.
- Night's Watch fleeing the White Walkers
Might could end with the "Slayer" scene.
Will we see Varys yet? Missed him last ep.
4091	zeus	2013-04-07	love to see the reeds in this episode.
4092	Chuck88	2013-04-07	I'm starting to worry we won't see Theon as well. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
There was nothing about him in the recap, even though Barristan appeared in the first episode's one. Perhaps he's the one thats 'barely there'?
4093	Tooms	2013-04-07	My prediction is Brienne will cut off Jamie's hand ... A change from the book.
4094	Maxthestig	2013-04-07	i will be reading all the names of the opening title. Looking for Iwan Rheon or Alfie Allen !!!
I can't wait to see what they have done to Ramsay and Theon !
4095	go joff go	2013-04-07	The finale of season 2 showed that Ros was recuited by Varys so she'll probably report the betrothal to Varys who will then tell Tywin at a small council meeting. If this is what happens then it's actually a relief because I was afraid that scene with Ros and Varys meant she was getting a larger role.One of the synopsis say Sansa lets a secret slip or sansa says too much, so I'm thinking its Sansa who tells LF.  My guess is also that Ros will play some kind of Dontos role, since they brought up she is from the north.  Maybe they will suggest varys throught ros is behind the plot to secret sansa away so that way when LF kills Ros it will still be a surprise.
4096	go joff go	2013-04-07	I've let my imgaination run wild, but what if Ros plots to get Sansa away, but they are betrayed by Shae who is either a) pissed at Sansa b/c of the tyrion wedding or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> is in the employ of littlefinger all along (remember the blackwater scene where she is waiting for someone-I didn't think it was tyrion, maybe it was LF even though it seems unlikely as he was with Tywin/Loras). LF finds out about the plot returns home kills Ros (although one part of me says this won't happen b/c they seem to be setting Ros up to be one of the witnesses at tyrions trial) and surprises sansa just when the audience thinks she is about to get away.
4097	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	One of the synopsis say Sansa lets a secret slip or sansa says too much, so I'm thinking its Sansa who tells LF.  My guess is also that Ros will play some kind of Dontos role, since they brought up she is from the north.  Maybe they will suggest varys throught ros is behind the plot to secret sansa away so that way when LF kills Ros it will still be a surprise.No. Sansa "says too much" about Joffrey to the Queen of Thorns.The actors for Lysa and Robin are credited for Episode 7 on IMDB, so it's likely that Littlefinger will be in the Eyrie then. The Sansa/Tyrion wedding happens in Episode 8 (or in Episode 7, since some scenes got shuffled around between episodes), so I'm pretty sure Littlefinger won't be at the wedding, his apparent mastery of teleportation technology in Season 2 notwithstanding. (There were also shots in the making-of videos of the assembled wedding guests, and Littlefinger didn't appear to be among them. Nor was he at the wedding in the books, so it makes sense.)It's been confirmed by GRRM that the Bear Pit was moved into episode 7. It is extremely unlikely that anything as major as the Sansa/Tyrion wedding would be moved forward. The wedding presumably dominates the episode, as it includes build-up scenes, the ceremony itself, the feast, and possibly the bedding. That all can't be moved forward, particularly if the episode is also covering the events at Queenscrown, the Bear Pit and Littlefinger at the Vale.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 07 April 2013 - 08:10 AM.
4098	Joyful Union	2013-04-07	I thought the Bear Pit was moved into episode 7, considering its called "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".Will Tyrion's wedding really be so major as to take up that much of episode 8? I thought that it was a pretty small ceremonyIt's been confirmed by GRRM that the Bear Pit was moved into episode 8. It is extremely unlikely that anything as major as the Sansa/Tyrion wedding would be moved forward. The wedding presumably dominates the episode, as it includes build-up scenes, the ceremony itself, the feast, and possibly the bedding. That all can't be moved forward, particularly if the episode is also covering the events at Queenscrown, the Bear Pit and Littlefinger at the Vale.I thought the Bear Pit was moved into episode 7, considering its called "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".Will Tyrion's wedding really be so major as to take up that much of episode 8? I thought that it was a pretty small ceremony
4099	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-07	I thought the Bear Pit was moved into episode 7, considering its called "The Bear and the Maiden Fair".Will Tyrion's wedding really be so major as to take up that much of episode 8? I thought that it was a pretty small ceremonyIt was a typo - I've corrected it now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As I explained in my post, the wedding includes build-up scenes, a huge ceremony (it takes place at the Sept of Baelor), a feast, and potentially the bedding. It's the major climax at King's Landing for this season, so I assume it will take up a fairly large portion of the episode - far too much to be moved into a different episode.
4100	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-07	Any Jaime/Brienne scenes will be great
4101	Sansa in the North	2013-04-07	http://www.buzzsugar...-Words-28998746
Theon is in, according to this. I'm not sure how reliable it is. Major spoilers thou!
4102	Joyful Union	2013-04-07	It was a typo - I've corrected it now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As I explained in my post, the wedding includes build-up scenes, a huge ceremony (it takes place at the Sept of Baelor), a feast, and potentially the bedding. It's the major climax at King's Landing for this season, so I assume it will take up a fairly large portion of the episode - far too much to be moved into a different episode.Really? Should be spectacular. I'm guessing about 15 minutes of the episode in that case. I seriously wonder how the bedding is going to go. Im predicting that as soon as the door closes behind Tyrion and Sansa, Tyrion will reveal he was just bluffing, and has no intention of bedding her. Though I suppose its possible that they might be more daring.
4103	Sansa in the North	2013-04-07	Really? Should be spectacular. I'm guessing about 15 minutes of the episode in that case. I seriously wonder how the bedding is going to go. Im predicting that as soon as the door closes behind Tyrion and Sansa, Tyrion will reveal he was just bluffing, and has no intention of bedding her. Though I suppose its possible that they might be more daring.I don't think so. D&D are such Tyrion fanboys that they'll want to keep Tyrion as Mr. Perfect. They've shown before that they're not really interested in making him a grey character.I'm already dreading the backlash Sansa will get after that episode airs.
4104	wolverine	2013-04-07	So no Dany's dragons burning some slavers yet?
I don't remember this Symon part of the book so well (at all).  Was he a bard hired for something?
4105	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-07	My prediction is Brienne will cut off Jamie's hand ... A change from the book.I hope not.But remember, its confirmed we'll see the bear pit scene so HBO must be gonna introduce Vargo Hoat or a character like him
4106	house of no sigil	2013-04-07	I don't remember this Symon part of the book so well (at all).  Was he a bard hired for something? Symon was the singer who saw Tyrion with Shae and tried to bribe him.
4107	Joyful Union	2013-04-07	I hope not.But remember, its confirmed we'll see the bear pit scene so HBO must be gonna introduce Vargo Hoat or a character like himIts pretty much been confirmed that the new character Locke (mentioned in Valar Dohaeris as Roose Bolton's best hunter) is replacing Vargo Hoat. Apparently, he cuts off Jaime's hand for trying to prevent Brienne's rape.
4108	BananaSpice	2013-04-07	http://www.buzzsugar...-Words-28998746Theon is in, according to this. I'm not sure how reliable it is. Major spoilers thou!This link doesn't work for me at all ... I see nothing about Game of Thrones spoilers BUT I WANT TO. lol
4109	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-07	My prediction is Brienne will cut off Jamie's hand ... A change from the book.Can't see that happening as it would create too much animosity between them. Why would Jaime go back and get her?
4110	aegon...aegoff	2013-04-07	My boy Jon Snow is gonna finally bang Ygritte and young women everywhere will rejoice in Kit taking his shirt off
4111	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	The more I think about it, the more I think it was a good idea that they delayed the introduction of the Reeds to this season. Bran's material runs thin very quickly after SoS and I think they want to spread his arc out so that his gang has something to do in later seasons.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 07 April 2013 - 04:51 PM.
4112	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	My boy Jon Snow is gonna finally bang Ygritte and young women everywhere will rejoice in Kit taking his shirt offOne thing is undebatable, that scene is going to be HOT /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 07 April 2013 - 04:50 PM.
4113	Tooms	2013-04-07	Can't see that happening as it would create too much animosity between them. Why would Jaime go back and get her?I see it being done in the heat of a sword fight ... Jamie is bested, loses his hand, realises he's not all that ... In the end he's thankful to Brienne for teaching him a humility. Remember Jamie eventually comes to realise he's not the man he wants to be!
4114	Jaimeisnotazombie	2013-04-07	I see it being done in the heat of a sword fight ... Jamie is bested, loses his hand, realises he's not all that ... In the end he's thankful to Brienne for teaching him a humility. Remember Jamie eventually comes to realise he's not the man he wants to be!Brienne isn't going to cut off his hand. She probably wont even beat him, He has chains on his hands and months of malnutrition as well. They will be interrupted by Locke.
4115	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-07	The main focus of the premiere was in KL, Dragonstone and Dany.... And except for KL, which will appear in every episode, the other two won't appear... wise move. But we only saw one scene with Sam, Jon and Robb, so it's natural that those storylines will continue in episode 2:-The big scene at Crasters happens in episode 4... which means that we need to see more of them before that episode.-The first half of Jon's season is about him living with the Wildlings, a slow-ish storyline that has to establish several characters and offer some internal conflict for Jon. I think it's appropriate that we will see a bit of him in every episode from 1 to 5. You cannot push the plot too much until they climb the wall in episode 6.-Robb and Cat should be important players this season, so it was logical to appear in the premiere, as well as in the second episode.On the other hand, i guess we'll see the arrival of the QoT? I assume we have to see something with ther (meeting with Cersei, Tyrion, Tywin...) before the big scene with Sansa, right?Not necessarily. If you remember in SoS, the first time Sansa even saw QoT was when M. unexpectedly invited her to lunch/dinner. I doubt the QoT/Tyrion scene will happen until later on, a scene I personally am looking forward to. Was there a QoT/Tywin/Cersei scene in the book? I don't remember.
4116	Tooms	2013-04-07	Brienne isn't going to cut off his hand. She probably wont even beat him, He has chains on his hands and months of malnutrition as well. They will be interrupted by Locke.Fair call, I think someone else already confirmed that Locke does cut off Jamie's hand anyway ... Oh well
4117	Francis Buck	2013-04-07	I'm glad they made Brienne win.
4118	Loras	2013-04-02	So 'Game of Thrones' has returned after what seemed like years.  All of our deliberating about the promos is over.  Or is it?Back in the days of 'LOST' - how I miss it so - one of the ways to get through the week was to deliberate over the promos and look at what would be in the next episode.  So, why not do the same for 'Thrones'?Here is the youtube link to the promo:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=UFApyzhznH0___________________________________________________________It looks like we will be seeing another healthy dose of Natalie Dormer's Margaery Tyrell in the next episode.  She seems to have a scene with Sansa and a scene with Joffrey.  Diana Rigg looks amazing as the Queen of Thorns!I am also sure that I spotted Mackenzie Crook's Orell, who seems to have just finished warging.  "What did you see?" Asks Mance.Meanwhile; Arya, Bran, Jaime and Brienne return.  How grown up does Isaac sound?I'm guessing that we won't be seeing any Dany in the next episode as she isn't featured at all in the promo.  I wonder what else is going to get cut to fit in all of the other storylines?
4119	DragonAge93	2013-04-02	I like how spread out it feels, and that they're not cramming things in for the sake of having the character appear. I hope in this episode we see Robb hand over command of Harrenhal to Roose, with Qyburn staying as well.
And Brienne vs Jaime looks FANTASTIC. And the introduction of the Reeds will be fun to see.
4120	Sansa in the North	2013-04-02	The more Tyrells the better, as far as I'm concerned. They're my favourites. But I know a lot of non-readers who thought the premier was boring because half the scenes were of "new" (season 2) characters that they don't really care about instead of Bran, Arya etc, so I am a little worried about how all these Tyrell scenes are going to be received.
I am glad they no longer feel the need to cram all the characters into each episode. It makes for longer, better scenes for all the characters.
The Jamie/Brienne fight looks amazing! Can't wait!
					
					
							Edited by Sansa in the North, 02 April 2013 - 08:54 AM.
4121	Loras	2013-04-02	I like how spread out it feels, and that they're not cramming things in for the sake of having the character appear. I hope in this episode we see Robb hand over command of Harrenhal to Roose, with Qyburn staying as well.And Brienne vs Jaime looks FANTASTIC. And the introduction of the Reeds will be fun to see.Yeah that was a great thing about the first episode, I now feel like our characters in Astapor, Beyond the Wall, Dragonstone and King's Landing are all ready to go.  Now we need to have the other characters similarly set up.It looks like we will certainly see quite a lot of Robb in the next episode.  He has a scene with Talisa where he is interrupted by somebody and there is also the scene with Karstark.  I certainly think we will get Robb leaving Harrenhal in this episode.  Does he know about Bran and Rickon yet...?I'm worried about the Brienne/Jaime fight - I really don't rate Minahan's action sequences at all.The more Tyrells the better, as far as I'm concerned. They're my favourites. But I know a lot of non-readers who thought the premier was boring because half the scenes were of "new" (season 2) characters that they don't really care about instead of Bran, Arya etc, so I am a little worried about how all these Tyrell scenes are going to be received. I think that this worry will be gone by the end of the next episode.  Arya is a fan favourite so I expect she will get significant screentime in the next episode.The QoT looks brilliant.  I wonder if that will lead into the scene from the trailers of Margaery and Joff with the crossbow?
4122	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	The next episode will probably be the continuation of new character introductions/build ups, so more Tyrells and Mance on the way. Finally the BWB and my fav Arya. Looking forward to meet the Reeds, also.
4123	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-02	As GRRM has stated, the first four episodes are setup, so we won't really get rolling until episode 5.  However, I was quite pleased with episode 1 and am looking forward to episode 2:
1.  I love Dormer as Marg and I love how she is making her presence felt (even Cersei is threatened).  She is wrapping Joff around her sexy little fingers.  I love her delicate aggression, as it is change from the books that I can believe in,
2.  Can't wait for the Queen of Thornes.  She is magnificent in the books and looks great here.
3.  Can't wait to see Jaime's face when Brienne takes it to him.
4.  I hate the growing dissent in the Northern ranks caused by Cat but being perpetuated by Roose.  This is another change from the books, but this is much better having Rickard Karstark manipulated by Roose this way.  I would think that was Roose who interrupted Robb and Talisa.
4124	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	I saw Grenn and Edd pulling Sam away. Hopefully thats what I think it is!
4125	Kaethas	2013-04-02	Two things: QoT and the Jaime/Brienne fight. The promo looks promising.
4126	WinterWarrior	2013-04-02	The title would imply that Cat and Robb hear the rumor/lie about the deaths of Bran and Rickon in this episode. A raven must bring some news of something horrible.
4127	Loras	2013-04-02	The title would imply that Cat and Robb hear the rumor/lie about the deaths of Bran and Rickon in this episode. A raven must bring some news of something horrible.Actually, that is a really good point.Could there be a theme to this episode of delivering a message?  Some book spoilers below...Sansa Stark delivers the truth about Joffrey to Margaery and Olenna.In the preview we see Orell delivering Mance the message about 'dead crows' - presumably  the aftermath of the Fist of the First Men.The Reeds are messengers sent to Bran by the three-eyed crow.Brienne of Tarth is tasked to deliver a message to King's Landing.I'm assuming that Robb and Cat will be delivered some bad news in this episode.Am I clutching at straws here or is there a pattern?Who do we think will not be featured in this episode?I saw Grenn and Edd pulling Sam away. Hopefully thats what I think it is!I wonder if this will turn out to be foreshadowing for...
	Spoiler Them leaving Sam behind at Craster's Keep?
4128	Jolene Brown	2013-04-02	I think the title refers to 
	Spoiler Hoster Tully's illness or death 

					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 02 April 2013 - 01:34 PM.
4129	BananaSpice	2013-04-02	Does anyone know from the pre-screeners/spoilers if 
	Spoiler Theon appears at all
 in episode 2?
I know he shows up several times before the end of season 4 from reading spoilers, but I want to knowwww specifically for episode 2!
4130	Loras Stan	2013-04-02	All I can say is that I'm so incredibly excited for the Reeds. They are wonderfully cast, and I can't wait to see them finally getting in on the action.
4131	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Who will be in it:
Arya.
Bran.
Jaime.
Cat.
Sansa. QoT
Jon
Joffrey
Sam
Who wont:
Davos and co.
Danny.
Not sure:
Cercei/ Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 02 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
4132	tito5601	2013-04-02	i see thoros in the promo but i want to finally meet beric and also i wonder if we will get to see the riverunn for the first time
4133	tito5601	2013-04-02	ahh and it would be cool if we see the wildlings find dead bodies all over the place to show how severe the battle was at the fist of the first men
4134	King of Winters	2013-04-02	All I want to know is, is Puddles The Other going to be in this episode?
4135	kevin1989	2013-04-02	ahh and it would be cool if we see the wildlings find dead bodies all over the place to show how severe the battle was at the fist of the first menWould be nice, probably will happen, would be nice if they find one alive. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think this is better than show the battle, I mean we knew how severe it was in the books because of Jon.
4136	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	Ah man, OP takes me way back. RIP Lost. Those first three seasons were so amazing and had so much potential... shame what they did with second half of that series. :/
But it's actually quite hilarious that OP mentioned Lost. Giving that the show is introducing a character called John Locke(I know, the Lost character is named after a famous real life person but still) and that the show supposedly remove the name of "The Others" due to wanting to avoid any possible confusion between this show and Lost.
4137	oierem	2013-04-02	This episode is going to contain 7, maybe 8, of the 10 storylines going on:
-KL: A scene with Tyrion and Shae, according to the summary. And scenes with Joffrey, Margaery, QoT and Sansa, at least.
-Jon: some stuff at the wildling's camp.
-Sam: I don't know what exactly.
-Arya.
-Bran
-Jaime and Brienne.
-Robb and Cat.
-Theon? (maybe).
That's quite a lot. Instead, the first episode had 6 storylines:
-Sam (not much, so it's good that he appears in the next episode)
-Jon (same as Sam)
-Rob (same as Sam and Jon)
-Davos/Dragonstone (a decent amount, so it shouldn't appear in episode 2)
-Dany (same as Davos/Dragonstone)
-KL (a decent amount, but this location will appear in all the episodes, I assume).
I quite like how the pacing of the storylines is going so far. However, I don't know why so many people insist that it's so different than in season 2. The first episode of season 2 also had 6 storylines (plus one shot of Arya). The second episode of season 2 had 6 storylines as well (less than this season).
4138	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	I'm worried about the Brienne/Jaime fight - I really don't rate Minahan's action sequences at all.I heard from someone who watched it that it is fantastic. Also, they different shots in all the trailers make it look to be pretty cinematic!
4139	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	Does anyone know from the pre-screeners/spoilers if 
	Spoiler Theon appears at all
 in episode 2?I know he shows up several times before the end of season 4 from reading spoilers, but I want to knowwww specifically for episode 2!I think he does, but only briefly. I know that by the end of episode 4 a decent amount had happened in his arc already, so we can assume so.
4140	kevin1989	2013-04-02	All I want to know is, is Puddles The Other going to be in this episode?There's a rumour that Sam the slayer is being delayed in the show and that it will be when he's on the move with Gilly, killing an other for the safety of Gilly. But the promo let me think that Sam the slayer will be in episode 2.Ah man, OP takes me way back. RIP Lost. Those first three seasons were so amazing and had so much potential... shame what they did with second half of that series. :/But it's actually quite hilarious that OP mentioned Lost. Giving that the show is introducing a character called John Locke(I know, the Lost character is named after a famous real life person but still) and that the show supposedly remove the name of "The Others" due to wanting to avoid any possible confusion between this show and Lost.Personally I liked season 4 and 6 (and the final of 5). It was part of the journey they wanted to tell, only thing that's bothering me is that it would have been better if first ABC hadn't complain and let it have 5 season instead of six. And 2 when they finally restructured the show for 6 seasons total the writing strike occures, and they needed to reconstructed the show again.
4141	pntrlqst	2013-04-02	According to FaB on WiC, 
	Spoiler the Hound is captured

in this episode.
4142	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	Personally I liked season 4 and 6 (and the final of 5). It was part of the journey they wanted to tell, only thing that's bothering me is that it would have been better if first ABC hadn't complain and let it have 5 season instead of six. And 2 when they finally restructured the show for 6 seasons total the writing strike occures, and they needed to reconstructed the show again.Season 4 and 5 were both good FOR WHAT THEY WERE and were quite suspenseful and excellent, but in the GRAND SCHEME of things over the show, they just made bad longterm choices for short-term suspense and action payoff.Season 6 was just all around awful in every fucking way possible.Edit for ASOIAF discussion: Winterfell's destruction will reach Robb's ears. FACT
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 02 April 2013 - 02:52 PM.
4143	FacelessSnow	2013-04-02	So this episode is written by Vanessa Taylor, the go to writer for betrayals and sloppy, dark murders (Think the torture and assasin scenes at Harrenhall, Theon beheading Sir Rodrick, and the shadow birth)... I expect we'll be seeing a lot of Sam, Craster, and the Watch
4144	BananaSpice	2013-04-02	So this episode is written by Vanessa Taylor, the go to writer for betrayals and sloppy, dark murders (Think the torture and assasin scenes at Harrenhall, Theon beheading Sir Rodrick, and the shadow birth)... I expect we'll be seeing a lot of Sam, Craster, and the WatchOhhhh, awesome!!I think he does, but only briefly. I know that by the end of episode 4 a decent amount had happened in his arc already, so we can assume so.Yay! I want Alfie back!!
4145	tito5601	2013-04-02	would be a nice suprise to see theon but i dont think itll happen i think in htis ep we will see bolton take  control of harrenhal and qyburn will remain with him maybe just maybe  a little sneak peek at ramsay snow
4146	FacelessSnow	2013-04-02	would be a nice suprise to see theon but i dont think itll happen i think in htis ep we will see bolton take  control of harrenhal and qyburn will remain with him maybe just maybe  a little sneak peek at ramsay snowI don't know if we'll "see" Theon, but I do expect gratuitous torture of a man with a bag over his head, followed by non-book readers reacting with wtf and their own theories...maybe ending with a reveal of that man being Theon at the end of the episode.
4147	Crown	2013-04-02	No idea where to post new shit anymore, but here is a picture of Shireen with greyscale. Looks more disturbing than I expected.
4148	SelaBela	2013-04-02	No idea where to post new shit anymore, but here is a picture of Shireen with greyscale. Looks more disturbing than I expected.I definitely would have Val's reaction to this face.
4149	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	All I want to know is, is Puddles The Other going to be in this episode?Puddles has a very high talent fee, but I hope we still get to see a glimpse of him.
	Spoiler the Hound is captured
in this episode.Bring him in. /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
4150	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Season 4 and 5 were both good FOR WHAT THEY WERE and were quite suspenseful and excellent, but in the GRAND SCHEME of things over the show, they just made bad longterm choices for short-term suspense and action payoff.Season 6 was just all around awful in every fucking way possible.Season 6 was the best season of lost imo. It was a season focused on one main character /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And I liked the end very much but that's for another thread. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />No idea where to post new shit anymore, but here is a picture of Shireen with greyscale. Looks more disturbing than I expected.Nice in a disturbing way.And the hound, yeah.
4151	billy g.	2013-04-02	With the introductions of the Reeds, does that mean that Osha and Rickon will leave? I really like Osha.
4152	LordStoneheart	2013-04-02	But it's actually quite hilarious that OP mentioned Lost. Giving that the show is introducing a character called John Locke(I know, the Lost character is named after a famous real life person but still) and that the show supposedly remove the name of "The Others" due to wanting to avoid any possible confusion between this show and Lost.Yes, I thought the thame thing! I hated Vargo, but I wanted to thee the guy tho I can hate him more. Thuper dithapointed.
4153	Montey14	2013-04-02	I think after the 1st sort of intro episode....we'll get to meet some of the new cast members.....Queen of thorns.....Dondarrion....the Reeds....perhaps even blackfish....Diana rigg looks like a perfect cast for that roll....
4154	Queen of Whores	2013-04-02	I think we're meeting Edmure and Blackfish in episode 3 when Robb and Catelyn arrive at Riverrun. 
And the description for episode 4 says Arya is taken to the commander of the BwB - Beric. So unless they introduce him early I'd say we'll first meet him in episode 4.
4155	Mr Smith	2013-04-02	would be a nice suprise to see theon but i dont think itll happen i think in htis ep we will see bolton take  control of harrenhal and qyburn will remain with him maybe just maybe  a little sneak peek at ramsay snowI'd expect Theon's story will be shrouded in mystery for a large part of this season, otherwise why leave his fate so uncertain at the end of the last? It might even be that we see a man with a bag over his head, referred to only as "Reek" throughout the season, whose true identity is not revealed till the season finale. Its what I'd do.Also how cool is Margery with Joffery?? "Do whatever you need to do. You are the king." Sound familiar?
4156	Nudu	2013-04-02	If they don't put "The Bear and the Maidn Fair" like they didn't put Dorniahman's Wife i will be angry.
4157	BananaSpice	2013-04-02	I don't know if we'll "see" Theon, but I do expect gratuitous torture of a man with a bag over his head, followed by non-book readers reacting with wtf and their own theories...maybe ending with a reveal of that man being Theon at the end of the episode.I can kind of see that since the trailers seem to misdirect with the torture bits - I think one has Joffrey saying "Everyone is mine to torment..." over a torture of figure-with-bag-on-head ... audiences might assume it's someone in King's Landing / related to that arc / etc.
4158	Head of The Ned	2013-04-03	Sweet! It will probably be another slow episode but that's not a bad thing.
I have a feeling the latter part of this season is going to be pure cliffhangers and WTF moments, so they need the time to set those things up.
4159	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-03	I have just three words.. OLENNA IS COMING! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4160	Newstar	2013-04-03	I have a feeling the latter part of this season is going to be pure cliffhangers and WTF moments, so they need the time to set those things up.I think you're right. The showrunners have said that the first two eps are slow, while the back eight are basically one big, crazy set piece after another, which makes sense, given that we'll be seeing all kinds of crazy stuff this season:
	Spoiler Dracarys; mutiny at Craster's; the Hound vs. Beric; Jaime losing his hand; the Theon/Ramsay setup and Ramsay reveal; climbing the Wall; Jaime/Brienne vs. the bear; Yunkai; Tyrion/Sansa wedding; Red Wedding; possibly Purple Wedding, although that's looking less and less likely; and so on
and the reviews for the first four have borne that out (most of them saying that the first two are pokey setup but still enjoyable, while 3x03 and 3x04 are awesome and amazing and a lot happens).
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 April 2013 - 02:41 AM.
4161	Loras	2013-04-03	I like all the quiet character work that we get in the show.  I am certainly looking forward to the Tyrell breakfast sequence.
I hope that we get a significant portion of Catelyn in this episode.  She is one of the anchors of this show and was sadly underused last season.  
Which characters do you think will be missing from the episode?
4162	Queen of Whores	2013-04-03	I think Dany and Davos will be missing. Probably Theon as well if you count him. 
I prefer this style; leaving out certain storylines for an episode or so to focus and develop other characters and stories for longer.
4163	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	I am beyond excited! I honestly thought s03e01 was in the top three of the best episodes so far. I reckon this one will top the first by the promo.
4164	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	If they don't put "The Bear and the Maidn Fair" like they didn't put Dorniahman's Wife i will be angry. Don't get your hopes up. The dinner scene takes place outside, whereas in the books it took place in the Red Keep which Olenna knew was full of hidden spies. So why would she need anyone to sing over their conversation if she knows there are no hidden spies around?I like all the quiet character work that we get in the show.  I am certainly looking forward to the Tyrell breakfast sequence.I hope that we get a significant portion of Catelyn in this episode.  She is one of the anchors of this show and was sadly underused last season.  Which characters do you think will be missing from the episode? This is the episode where Cat's character is pretty much assassinated. I'm dreading all Robb/Catelyn/Talisa scenes at this point - D&D have completely destroyed the Northern arc.
4165	Loras	2013-04-03	This is the episode where Cat's character is pretty much assassinated. I'm dreading all Robb/Catelyn/Talisa scenes at this point - D&amp;D have completely destroyed the Northern arc.Yeah, I am trying to hold judgement on that one until I see the scene with my own eyes.  Cat really isn't the same character that she was in the books anyway, they have given a lot of her insight to other characters.The one thing that I am damn sure of is that Michelle Fairley will knock it out of the park whatever happens.  She is really engaging on screen, so I am happy as long as we get plenty Cat.As for Talisa, I hope that we spend some time in this episode addressing the elephant in the room - Robb breaking his solemn vow to the Freys and the consequences of that.
4166	shiola	2013-04-03	I can't wait to meet the Reeds!!  And more Natalia Tena!
I'm excited for more Tyrell stuff.  I love them in the books and we don't get POVs with them, so these bonus scenes are great.
I am hopeful for the buildup of the wildlings and Mance, because I was a bit let down by them in the pilot.
I'm actually glad they're showing more Robb because (BOOK SPOILERS) 
	Spoiler the more we see of him, the more upset  non-book reading viewers will be for the RW!!
4167	shiola	2013-04-03	No idea where to post new shit anymore, but here is a picture of Shireen with greyscale. Looks more disturbing than I expected.Link is broken :c
4168	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	I'm actually glad they're showing more Robb because (BOOK SPOILERS) 
	Spoiler the more we see of him, the more upset  non-book reading viewers will be for the RW!! 
 Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
4169	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
Man, I hate to agree, but ... I agree. Robb is basically just Richard Madden's beautiful face fanservice to me now. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
4170	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-03	I can't wait to see the Sansa Margaery Olenna interaction. Sophie Turner and Natalie Dormer seem to have really it off off screen so they should have a great understanding on screen and both of them have really been praising Dianna Rigg who will hopefully live up to the expectations
Also want to see Arya and the BWB which should be very entertaining
					
					
							Edited by AnotherHedgeKnight, 03 April 2013 - 12:33 PM.
4171	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
This. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  
	Spoiler And Talisa. Has to go. Please.
4172	Crown	2013-04-03	I can't wait to see the Sansa Margaery Olenna interaction. Sophie Turner and Natalie Dormer seem to have really it off off screen so they should have a great understanding on screen and both of them have really been praising Dianna Rigg who will hopefully live up to the expectationsAlso want to see Arya and the BWB which should be very entertainingRan (or was it someone else?) was disappointed about the Queen of Thorns in the show, so yeah, I'm hoping she at least lives up to my expectations. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4173	Azzazel	2013-04-03	Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
But that is because you are a book reader. My friends who only watch the show consider him Ned Stark 2.0 and they are going to be so piss off when the RW happens.
4174	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	But that is because you are a book reader. My friends who only watch the show consider him Ned Stark 2.0 and they are going to be so piss off when the RW happens. Yes, because Ned would definitely arrest his mother, break his oath to the Freys, and just generally act like a petulant child, wouldn't he? Robb and Catelyn are bad characters. That isn't just me comparing them to the book versions - that's my opinion as a viewer. Plenty of other characters are different without being butchered (e.g. Cersei, Margaery, Shae, and even Varys are all different from the book versions without necessarily being worse).
4175	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-03	Really looking forward to this episode. The Jaime Brienne fight will be the highlight for me. I have a feeling Diana Rigg's going to make an excellent Olenna as well. Plus, Thoros!
					
					
							Edited by Shit_for_Honour, 03 April 2013 - 02:59 PM.
4176	KingInTheNorth32	2013-04-03	I'd expect Theon's story will be shrouded in mystery for a large part of this season, otherwise why leave his fate so uncertain at the end of the last? It might even be that we see a man with a bag over his head, referred to only as "Reek" throughout the season, whose true identity is not revealed till the season finale. Its what I'd do.this is an excellent idea. i hope they do this. never really thought about it but coming from a place of trying to shock the viewer who hasnt read the books, its great. only thing i would say is they should atleast reveal somehow it is ramsay bolton doing the torturing, the bastard son of roose. otherwise the viewer is just watching some random guy they dont know torturing a dude with a bag over his head.
4177	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
That won't be a problem for non book fans though. Unrelated, we saw Jamie's fight with Brienne in the trailer, surely that means
	Spoiler we see Jamie's hand get cut off at the end of the episode? In the book that happened in the same scene.
4178	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	this is an excellent idea. i hope they do this. never really thought about it but coming from a place of trying to shock the viewer who hasnt read the books, its great. only thing i would say is they should atleast reveal somehow it is ramsay bolton doing the torturing, the bastard son of roose. otherwise the viewer is just watching some random guy they dont know torturing a dude with a bag over his head.this is an excellent idea. i hope they do this. never really thought about it but coming from a place of trying to shock the viewer who hasnt read the books, its great. only thing i would say is they should atleast reveal somehow it is ramsay bolton doing the torturing, the bastard son of roose. otherwise the viewer is just watching some random guy they dont know torturing a dude with a bag over his head.Yeah I have no problem with Ramsay being introduced/involved in the torture, but I really think concealing "Reek's" true identity is absolutely the way to go. Some non book fans could probably put two and two together, but then half the fun is having your theories proved correct.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Smith, 03 April 2013 - 10:31 PM.
4179	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	All I want to know is, is Puddles The Other going to be in this episode?Ha! love it! i really wana see that bit too!
4180	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-04	Is it just me or is the show Robb majorly annoying? I found the scene with Karstark ("Have you lost faith in our cause") irritating - maybe it is Richard Madden, maybe not, but the show Robb is coming across as too cocky for a son of Ned Stark...
I am thinking TV-only viewers might not even feel all that bad about the RW and will see it as something they all had coming
					
					
							Edited by Nobody of the canals, 04 April 2013 - 02:50 AM.
4181	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	Is it just me or is the show Robb majorly annoying? I found the scene with Karstark ("Have you lost faith in our cause") irritating - maybe it is Richard Madden, maybe not, but the show Robb is coming across as too cocky for a son of Ned Stark...I am thinking TV-only viewers might not even feel all that bad about the RW and will see it as something they all had comingI much prefer TV Robb to book Robb, but TV Robb IS well... Whiney. Originally they marched South for Ned, and now it comes across like he thinks he deserves the exact same respect Eddard had because he's his son.Still needs to be earned love. Then again, he's gorgeous to look at and listen to in interviews... /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
4182	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-04	I think that Ramsay wont be revealed until the RW, by then he will be known as Boy or other name. For Theon i think we will seem him tortured or smth like that, his identity will be hard to cover, see Barristan Selmy as an example. I also believe that Robb and Cat will find out about Bran and Rickon and we will get more of Roose.
4183	gibbles545	2013-04-04	My main concern is that Roose isn't coming off as creepy enough, like when he saw the butchered soldiers at Harrenhall he look angry/horrified, Roose would of probably respected the mountain's decision and nodding approvingly or something.
4184	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-04	Even in the books he's not as mad as his bastard, he even tells him to have more precaution when showing off his mad personality.
Actually what i felt in that scene was a glimpse of what is to come from Bolton, he had that stare after telling Karstark that the best hunters are after Jaime ...
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 04 April 2013 - 01:18 PM.
4185	KoishNoish	2013-04-04	What I really want to know is whether Dany will get the Unsullied badge and be able to continue on her journey to become a Pokemon master.
					
					
							Edited by KoishNoish, 04 April 2013 - 02:49 PM.
4186	alwayswinter	2013-04-04	Actually what i felt in that scene was a glimpse of what is to come from Bolton, he had that stare after telling Karstark that the best hunters are after Jaime ... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />	   And this is also the impression i get when re-watching Roose's scenes from the previous seasons. I'm really liking this casting for Roose, given his very limited screen time thus far.
4187	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />	   And this is also the impression i get when re-watching Roose's scenes from the previous seasons. I'm really liking this casting for Roose, given his very limited screen time thus far.Totally. I love how he is mysterious yet creepy. Works very well with that line in the book when he tells Ramsay 
	Spoiler No one ever talks about me, when lecturing him on how his 'games' were to obvious.
 I can see him rocking that with a chilling calmness.
4188	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-04	Is it just me or is the show Robb majorly annoying? I found the scene with Karstark ("Have you lost faith in our cause") irritating - maybe it is Richard Madden, maybe not, but the show Robb is coming across as too cocky for a son of Ned Stark...I am thinking TV-only viewers might not even feel all that bad about the RW and will see it as something they all had comingHe's not cocky. He's annoyed.He has won every battle he's been in. His enemies respond by running away. He doesn't seem be making a lot of progress which frustrates him.Personally? I'm still a fan of Robb. Common sense tells me that he is going down a dangerous path 
	Spoiler (although claiming this when I've read the books doesn't say or mean a lot)
, but a part of me kind of envisions him as a sort of future version of Rickon. A badass Stark, who takes lives first and asks questions later.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 04 April 2013 - 04:04 PM.
4189	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	He's not cocky. He's annoyed.He has won every battle he's been in. His enemies respond by running away. He doesn't seem be making a lot of progress which frustrates him.Personally? I'm still a fan of Robb. Common sense tells me that he is going down a dangerous path 
	Spoiler (although claiming this when I've read the books doesn't say or mean a lot)
, but a part of me kind of envisions him as a sort of future version of Rickon. A badass Stark, who takes lives first and asks questions later.I think that's certainly how they've made him out in the show. All of Arya's scene's last season hearing Tywin talk about the rumours about The Wolf Pup.
4190	Conchobar	2013-04-04	I think that Ramsay wont be revealed until the RW, by then he will be known as Boy or other name. For Theon i think we will seem him tortured or smth like that, his identity will be hard to cover, see Barristan Selmy as an example. I also believe that Robb and Cat will find out about Bran and Rickon and we will get more of Roose.Lol, /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> He is revealed much earlier than that buddy, believe me.
4191	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	Lol, /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> He is revealed much earlier than that buddy, believe me.Cryptic...
4192	victim	2013-04-04	Yes, because Ned would definitely arrest his mother, break his oath to the Freys, and just generally act like a petulant child, wouldn't he? Robb and Catelyn are bad characters. That isn't just me comparing them to the book versions - that's my opinion as a viewer.What was your opinion of Robb in the books then? He breaks his vows to the Freys and keeps his mother prisoner in the books too.If anything, the show is focusing less on Robb as a brilliant tactician and more on him as the Boy King that was thrust into power and can't quite handle the politics. I really don't see anything wrong with that because it's more or less the exact same flaw Robb had in the books.
4193	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	Here is what will happen:Word arrives about the death of Hoster TullyWord arrives about the death of Balon Greyjoy (EDIT: Stannis and leeches scene needs to happen first, ideally)Word arrives about the destruction of Winterfell and the "death" of Bran & Rickonthis is an excellent idea. i hope they do this. never really thought about it but coming from a place of trying to shock the viewer who hasnt read the books, its great. only thing i would say is they should atleast reveal somehow it is ramsay bolton doing the torturing, the bastard son of roose. otherwise the viewer is just watching some random guy they dont know torturing a dude with a bag over his head.Thing is he isn't a Bolton (yet) and TV viewers know that one of Robb's generals sent their bastard son to Winterfell. So if they reveal that this man doing the torturing is the son of said general TV viewers would automatically assume it's Theon being tortured since he was the one who was supposed to bring Theon to King Robb.But then again...
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 04 April 2013 - 11:11 PM.
4194	Arkash	2013-04-05	Back in the days of 'LOST' - how I miss it so - one of the ways to get through the week was to deliberate over the promos and look at what would be in the next episode."Those were the days, my friend.We thought they'd never end.For we were young.And not afraid to die."
4195	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-05	What was your opinion of Robb in the books then? He breaks his vows to the Freys and keeps his mother prisoner in the books too.If anything, the show is focusing less on Robb as a brilliant tactician and more on him as the Boy King that was thrust into power and can't quite handle the politics. I really don't see anything wrong with that because it's more or less the exact same flaw Robb had in the books. In the books, Robb broke his oath to save the honour of Jeyne Westerling; in the show, he deliberately broke his oath because he didn't want to marry a Frey for a ~stupid bridge~.In the books, Catelyn allows Edmure to arrest her and tells Robb to execute her. But he doesn't. In the show, he's angry with her and arrests her for "betraying" him (despite him betraying her first by refusing to do what he promised - win back his sisters).
4196	athousandeyesand1	2013-04-05	I am sooo ready to see the Brienne/Jaime fight. What I saw on the preview for the next episode she's better with a sword than I EVER imagined. Now I realize just how weak Jaime is from being held captive for so long. I'm stoked about Bran and the Reeds as well. If Bran keeps growing at this rate they will need a wheel barrow to haul him around in. I'm in love with the show and deeply obssessed with the books. This is my first post by the way. It's hard to find friends who have read the books and it's great to get to actually discuss things without ruining the show for anyone.
4197	The Monkey	2013-04-05	God damn it, will they ever let Arya kill somebody?
4198	Abaddon	2013-04-05	God damn it, will they ever let Arya kill somebody?She did, in S1Ep10.  
	Spoiler Speaking less literally, I agree her facility with murder has been heavily de-emphasized from the books and I hope and expect we'll see her going to town on someone (Polliver probably?) in that fateful scene at the Inn, probably in S4.
4199	Nuncle Kraken	2013-04-05	I am sooo ready to see the Brienne/Jaime fight. What I saw on the preview for the next episode she's better with a sword than I EVER imagined. Now I realize just how weak Jaime is froim being held captive for so long. I'm stoked about Bran and the Reeds as well. If Bran keeps growing at this rate they will need a wheel barrow to haul him around in. I'm in love with the show and deeply obssessed with the books. This is my first post by the way. It's hard to find friends who have read the books and it's great to get to actually discuss things without ruining the show for anyone.Yeah same here. I LOVE the books. They are better than the show. That being said, I can't remember ever looking forward to a TV show like this.,
4200	kevin1989	2013-04-05	She did, in S1Ep10.  
	Spoiler Speaking less literally, I agree her facility with murder has been heavily de-emphasized from the books and I hope and expect we'll see her going to town on someone (Polliver probably?) in that fateful scene at the Inn, probably in S4.
You mean episode 1x08?
4201	Words of Winter	2013-04-05	Here is what will happen:Word arrives about the death of Hoster TullyWord arrives about the death of Balon Greyjoy (EDIT: Stannis and leeches scene needs to happen first, ideally)Word arrives about the destruction of Winterfell and the "death" of Bran & RickonBut then again...I could be wrong, but I think they will skip the leeches/fire scene.  It is instrumental foreshadowing in the book, but is it really necessary?  I don't know.
4202	KoishNoish	2013-04-06	I could be wrong, but I think they will skip the leeches/fire scene.  It is instrumental foreshadowing in the book, but is it really necessary?  I don't know.Ooh, that's tricky. In the books it was instrumental foreshadowing but in the TV series... I dunno. In the books I though she'd finally had a massive cock up and that Stannis was about to kick her out of his service and it'd be revealed she was a fake... I was slightly wrong about that. I think they'll probably have it just because its a good scene and its some nice foreshadowing to end one episode on.
4203	shiola	2013-04-06	Really? 
	Spoiler Honestly, the more he appears in the show the more I look forward to the RW... D&D have butchered the character beyond repair.
I'm just pathetically hopeful that he'll get better before the inevitable.
4204	Harnisfechten	2013-04-06	I really hope Arya gets her "Is there gold in the village!!" scene. I wanna see her go to town on someone in the Inn (just make it someone who was at Harrenhal, have her whisper to the Hound that she recognizes him as so-and-so who was torturing them, maybe a cheesy flashback). She needs to begin her dark murderous journey.
Also, the fight choreography is very "meh", IMHO. Then again, no movie sword fighting looks good once you know what real swordfighting looks like.....
4205	SeventySeven	2013-04-06	That won't be a problem for non book fans though. Unrelated, we saw Jamie's fight with Brienne in the trailer, surely that means
	Spoiler we see Jamie's hand get cut off at the end of the episode? In the book that happened in the same scene.
No, I bet that'll be episode 3. For this episode we'll get the leading to the fight, the fight and 
	Spoiler  being captured, with the first bit of interaction with the Vargo replacement 
. Either way, I can't wait!
4206	Winterfellian	2013-04-06	In the books, Robb broke his oath to save the honour of Jeyne Westerling; in the show, he deliberately broke his oath because he didn't want to marry a Frey for a ~stupid bridge~.In the books, Catelyn allows Edmure to arrest her and tells Robb to execute her. But he doesn't. In the show, he's angry with her and arrests her for "betraying" him (despite him betraying her first by refusing to do what he promised - win back his sisters). /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> with this so much!I will only add that in the books Robb not only did not imprisoned Catr but he publicly absolves her of any blame acknowledging that he had also made mistakes out of love. Book Robb at least wasn't a hypocrite while show Robb is parading the bride for which he threw away a political alliance in front of his bannermen while keeping his mother imprisoned.
4207	kevin1989	2013-04-06	Head of the Ned:
Us spoiler tags. And 
	Spoiler  They include the leeches scene, remember the trailer. I want Robb stark dead, I want Joffrey dead. Why would they include that scene when the leech scene will be cut? 

					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 06 April 2013 - 03:32 PM.
4208	tito5601	2013-04-06	http://www.wetpaint....son-3-episode-2 a few clues about what will happen this episode
4209	Dustdevil	2013-04-07	http://www.wetpaint....son-3-episode-2 a few clues about what will happen this episodeThat's not really saying much but the part about a scene that takes a new spin on Cat sounds really interesting. Maybe she will start to become the vengeful person before she transforms into UnCat, probably after hearing that Bran and Rickon have been murdered. That would make her transition to that character alot easier to comprehend for those who don't read the books.
4210	ebevan91	2013-04-07	According to someone else who has watched the first 4 episodes, he (or she?) says that Catelyn basically regrets not loving Jon more.
4211	thewalkindude19	2013-04-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> with this so much!I will only add that in the books Robb not only did not imprisoned Catr but he publicly absolves her of any blame acknowledging that he had also made mistakes out of love. Book Robb at least wasn't a hypocrite while show Robb is parading the bride for which he threw away a political alliance in front of his bannermen while keeping his mother imprisoned.To be fair, in the book, Robb mainly pardons Cat in public so she has no recourse about him marrying Jeyne.But I don't want to get into a book!Robb vs show!Robb debate, it's been done to death.
4212	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	I really hope Arya gets her "Is there gold in the village!!" scene. I wanna see her go to town on someone in the Inn (just make it someone who was at Harrenhal, have her whisper to the Hound that she recognizes him as so-and-so who was torturing them, maybe a cheesy flashback). She needs to begin her dark murderous journey.Also, the fight choreography is very "meh", IMHO. Then again, no movie sword fighting looks good once you know what real swordfighting looks like.....Arya won't get that far this season, that scene at the Inn will happen in season 4I could be wrong, but I think they will skip the leeches/fire scene.  It is instrumental foreshadowing in the book, but is it really necessary?  I don't know.Yeah it's not completely necessary, would just be cool to show how deep Stannis has gone into the fire God stuff.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 07 April 2013 - 01:57 PM.
4213	Mark Antony	2013-04-07	Can't wait to meet the Reeds!
4214	cybobbie	2013-04-07	Really loved the promo and I'm happy that we will have Olenna in it because I have the feeling that I will love Diana Rigg playing her character. I also like that we will see more of the wildlings and Mance, because despite the criticism about his difference comparing to the books, I still think that the show Mance can be cool as well. Ooh, that's tricky. In the books it was instrumental foreshadowing but in the TV series... I dunno. In the books I though she'd finally had a massive cock up and that Stannis was about to kick her out of his service and it'd be revealed she was a fake... I was slightly wrong about that. I think they'll probably have it just because its a good scene and its some nice foreshadowing to end one episode on.I really hope that we see the burning leeches on the episode, because it will be nice for the non-book readers to have some foreshadowing of the coming events.
4215	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-07	Apparently (book AND episode spoilers) 
	Spoiler Theon and Ramsay are in this episode. The latter is pretending to be helping the former escape.
Ooer. If so... called it.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 07 April 2013 - 05:20 PM.
4216	Warden of the North121	2013-04-07	Apparently (book AND episode spoilers) 
	Spoiler Theon and Ramsay are in this episode. The latter is pretending to be helping the former escape.
Ooer. If so... called it.
	Spoiler  Looks like they are mirroring Ramsay's ruse(lol) from CoK but having it while Theon is already captured at the Dreadfort. We'll see how it plays out.
4217	kevin1989	2013-04-07	The leeches scene will be in and not in this episode but later. The season 3 trailer is prove of it. And it can't be in episode 2 because 
	Spoiler  Stannis needs to get Gendry first. But don't get me wrong, but why didn't Stannis use in the books his own blood?
4218	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-07	Just a few more minutes..."Dark Wings, Dark Words" is coming.
